

























RDL Financial Inc. Has $1.23 Million Stake in McKesson Corporation (MCK) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for McKesson Corporation
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor McKesson Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Head to Head Review: TPI Composites (TPIC) and Broadwind Energy (BWEN)
PolyOne Corporation (NYSE:POL) Lifted to “Hold” at BidaskClub
Majesco Entertainment (COOL) & Shanda Games Limited (GAME) Head-To-Head Survey
Watts Water Technologies, Inc. (WTS) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts
Bristol-Myers Squibb Company Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.74 Per Share (BMY)
RDL Financial Inc. Has $1.23 Million Stake in McKesson Corporation (MCK)
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Has $12.62 Million Position in Denbury Resources Inc. (NYSE:DNR)
Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Decreases Position in Scana Corporation (NYSE:SCG)
Baxter International Inc. (NYSE:BAX) Shares Bought by Renaissance Technologies LLC
Cowen Group Inc. Sells 9,650 Shares of PayPal Holdings, Inc. (PYPL)
Prentiss Smith & Co. Inc. Has $10.18 Million Position in Vodafone Group PLC (VOD)
Prentiss Smith & Co. Inc. Continues to Hold Position in Stericycle, Inc. (SRCL)
Lindsay Corporation (LNN) Shares Sold by Prentiss Smith & Co. Inc.
Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Nortel Inversora SA (NYSE:NTL) Stock Price
e.l.f. Beauty Inc. (NYSE:ELF) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.01 Per Share
National Beverage Corp. (NASDAQ:FIZZ) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows
Positive News Coverage Likely to Affect NextEra Energy (NYSE:NEE) Share Price
Positive News Coverage Unlikely to Impact La Quinta Holdings (NYSE:LQ) Share Price
Ford Motor (F) Given Coverage Optimism Score of 0.03
BeiGene, Ltd. (BGNE) Sets New 12-Month High on Analyst Upgrade


 


RDL Financial Inc. Has $1.23 Million Stake in McKesson Corporation (MCK)

Posted by Renee Johnson on Jul 28th, 2017 // No Comments 

RDL Financial Inc. decreased its position in shares of McKesson Corporation (NYSE:MCK) by 7.7% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 8,286 shares of the company’s stock after selling 696 shares during the period. RDL Financial Inc.’s holdings in McKesson Corporation were worth $1,228,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
A number of other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in MCK. Orrstown Financial Services Inc. increased its stake in shares of McKesson Corporation by 16.3% in the first quarter. Orrstown Financial Services Inc. now owns 715 shares of the company’s stock valued at $106,000 after buying an additional 100 shares in the last quarter. WFG Advisors LP increased its stake in shares of McKesson Corporation by 123.5% in the first quarter. WFG Advisors LP now owns 818 shares of the company’s stock valued at $121,000 after buying an additional 452 shares in the last quarter. Welch Group LLC increased its stake in shares of McKesson Corporation by 22.6% in the first quarter. Welch Group LLC now owns 948 shares of the company’s stock valued at $141,000 after buying an additional 175 shares in the last quarter. Tompkins Financial Corp increased its stake in shares of McKesson Corporation by 8.8% in the first quarter. Tompkins Financial Corp now owns 962 shares of the company’s stock valued at $151,000 after buying an additional 78 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Meeder Asset Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of McKesson Corporation by 327.7% in the first quarter. Meeder Asset Management Inc. now owns 1,065 shares of the company’s stock valued at $158,000 after buying an additional 816 shares in the last quarter. 89.04% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 




Shares of McKesson Corporation (MCK) opened at 162.53 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $164.69 and a 200-day moving average of $151.25. The company has a market capitalization of $34.28 billion, a PE ratio of 7.15 and a beta of 1.13. McKesson Corporation has a 12-month low of $114.53 and a 12-month high of $197.08. 


 Get McKesson Corporation alerts:



McKesson Corporation (NYSE:MCK) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, July 27th. The company reported $2.46 EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $2.81 by $0.35. McKesson Corporation had a return on equity of 29.99% and a net margin of 2.55%. The company had revenue of $51.05 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $51.22 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $3.50 earnings per share. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 2.7% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts predict that McKesson Corporation will post $12.11 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, October 2nd. Stockholders of record on Friday, September 1st will be given a dividend of $0.34 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, August 30th. This is an increase from McKesson Corporation’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.28. This represents a $1.36 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.84%. McKesson Corporation’s payout ratio is currently 4.80%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “RDL Financial Inc. Has $1.23 Million Stake in McKesson Corporation (MCK)” was first reported by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/28/rdl-financial-inc-has-1-23-million-position-in-mckesson-corporation-mck-updated.html. 
MCK has been the topic of several recent analyst reports. Vetr raised shares of McKesson Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $157.86 target price on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. Evercore ISI restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $166.00 price target on shares of McKesson Corporation in a report on Monday, April 17th. Barclays PLC restated an “overweight” rating and issued a $174.00 price target on shares of McKesson Corporation in a report on Thursday, April 27th. Leerink Swann set a $140.00 price target on shares of McKesson Corporation and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, May 19th. Finally, J P Morgan Chase & Co upgraded shares of McKesson Corporation from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $189.00 price target on the stock in a report on Tuesday, May 23rd. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $171.21.
In related news, SVP Erin M. Lampert sold 404 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $160.53, for a total value of $64,854.12. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 2,003 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $321,541.59. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, Chairman John H. Hammergren sold 38,619 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, June 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $163.76, for a total value of $6,324,247.44. Following the completion of the transaction, the chairman now directly owns 19,309 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,162,041.84. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 59,148 shares of company stock valued at $9,654,255 over the last ninety days. 1.20% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. 
About McKesson Corporation
McKesson Corporation (McKesson) is engaged in delivering pharmaceuticals, medical supplies and healthcare information technology. The Company operates through two segments: McKesson Distribution Solutions and Technology Solutions. The McKesson Distribution Solutions segment distributes drugs and equipment, and health and beauty care products across North America and internationally. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for McKesson Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for McKesson Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 
































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














RDL Financial, Inc.: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:42 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of RDL Financial, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Key Executives for RDL Financial, Inc.
NameBoard RelationshipsTitleAgeRobert David Len CPANo RelationshipsManaging Director and Chief Compliance Officer54Leonard Scott Wolf CPANo RelationshipsManaging Director and Vice President62
RDL Financial, Inc. Board Members*
NameBoard RelationshipsPrimary CompanyAgeThere is no Board Members data available.
RDL Financial, Inc. Executive Committees*
Committee NameChairpersonBoard RelationshipsMembersThere is no committee data available.
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.
Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



CEO COMPENSATION IN THIS INDUSTRY  Industry Range










INDUSTRY EXECUTIVE CHANGESThere is no Executive Change data available.Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact RDL Financial, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























﻿





























RDL Financial Inc. Acquires 1,277 Shares of Citizens Financial Group, Inc. (NYSE:CFG) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Citizens Financial Group Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Citizens Financial Group Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Direct Line Insurance Group PLC (LON:DLG) Receives “Neutral” Rating from Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)
Impala Asset Management LLC Buys New Stake in Constellation Brands Inc (STZ)
Molson Coors Brewing  Company (TAP) Shares Bought by Champlain Investment Partners LLC
RDL Financial Inc. Acquires 1,277 Shares of Citizens Financial Group, Inc. (NYSE:CFG)
Amalgamated Bank Buys 832 Shares of Northern Trust Corporation (NTRS)
Alaska Air Group, Inc. (NYSE:ALK) Shares Bought by Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.
Select Medical Holdings Corporation (SEM) Receives Daily News Impact Score of -0.11
Edmond DE Rothschild Holding S.A. Sells 12,055 Shares of Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (NYSE:FCX)
Diageo PLC (DEO) Upgraded to “Buy” at BidaskClub
Ensco Plc (NYSE:ESV) Downgraded by BidaskClub to Strong Sell
NCR Corporation (NCR) Getting Somewhat Negative News Coverage, Accern Reports
Barings LLC Boosts Position in Ingredion Incorporated (NYSE:INGR)
UGI Corporation (UGI) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research
DBV Technologies S.A. (NASDAQ:DBVT) Shares Sold by Janus Capital Management LLC
Weatherford International PLC (WFT) Upgraded by Barclays PLC to Overweight
BMO Capital Markets Boosts Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) Price Target to $80.00
Zacks: Analysts Expect Citigroup Inc. (C) to Post $1.24 Earnings Per Share
Driehaus Capital Management LLC Has $5.92 Million Position in Proofpoint, Inc. (NASDAQ:PFPT)
GW Pharmaceuticals PLC (NASDAQ:GWPH) Rating Increased to Hold at ValuEngine
Credit Suisse AG Has $30.42 Million Stake in Kilroy Realty Corporation (KRC)







RDL Financial Inc. Acquires 1,277 Shares of Citizens Financial Group, Inc. (NYSE:CFG)


					Posted by Joanna Charbonneau on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments




RDL Financial Inc. increased its position in  Citizens Financial Group, Inc. (NYSE:CFG) by 5.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 24,424 shares of the bank’s stock after buying an additional 1,277 shares during the period. RDL Financial Inc.’s holdings in Citizens Financial Group were worth $844,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Several other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. FTB Advisors Inc. increased its position in  Citizens Financial Group by 39.5% in the first quarter. FTB Advisors Inc. now owns 3,381 shares of the bank’s stock worth $124,000 after buying an additional 957 shares during the period.  Coconut Grove Bank increased its position in  Citizens Financial Group by 59.1% in the first quarter. Coconut Grove Bank now owns 4,845 shares of the bank’s stock worth $167,000 after buying an additional 1,800 shares during the period.  Bayesian Capital Management LP acquired a new position in  Citizens Financial Group during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $204,000.  Advisor Partners LLC acquired a new position in  Citizens Financial Group during the first quarter valued at approximately $203,000.  Finally, IFP Advisors Inc increased its position in  Citizens Financial Group by 9.3% in the first quarter. IFP Advisors Inc now owns 5,899 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $204,000 after buying an additional 504 shares during the last quarter. 95.92% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get Citizens Financial Group Inc. alerts:



Citizens Financial Group, Inc. (NYSE:CFG) traded down 2.18% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $34.48. 6,953,207 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Citizens Financial Group, Inc. has a 52 week low of $21.61 and a 52 week high of $39.75. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $35.77 and a 200 day moving average price of $36.01. The company has a market cap of $17.47 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.89 and a beta of 1.33. 





Citizens Financial Group (NYSE:CFG) last released its quarterly earnings data on Friday, July 21st. The bank reported $0.63 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.59 by $0.04. The company had revenue of $1.40 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.40 billion. Citizens Financial Group had a net margin of 19.18% and a return on equity of 5.69%. Citizens Financial Group’s revenue for the quarter was up 9.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.46 EPS.  Analysts anticipate that  Citizens Financial Group, Inc. will post $2.46 EPS for the current year. 
Citizens Financial Group announced that its Board of Directors has approved a stock repurchase program on Wednesday, June 28th that authorizes the company to buyback $850.00 million in    shares. This buyback authorization authorizes the bank to reacquire up to 4.8% of its shares through open market purchases. Shares buyback programs are generally a sign that the company’s board believes its stock is undervalued. 
WARNING: This report was first  published by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this report on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this report can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/21/rdl-financial-inc-buys-1277-shares-of-citizens-financial-group-inc-cfg-updated-updated.html. 
CFG has been the topic of several analyst reports. Rafferty Capital Markets  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $40.00 target price (up from $36.00) on shares of Citizens Financial Group in a research report on Monday, April 24th. Wedbush raised shares of Citizens Financial Group from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and increased their target price for the stock from $39.00 to $41.00 in a research report on Monday, May 1st. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Citizens Financial Group from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $39.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Monday, April 24th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods  set a $40.00 target price on shares of Citizens Financial Group and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 4th. Finally, TheStreet downgraded shares of Citizens Financial Group from a “b-” rating to a “c” rating in a research report on Monday, June 26th. One equities research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned  a hold rating and seven have assigned  a buy rating to the company. Citizens Financial Group currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $35.25.
About Citizens Financial Group
Citizens Financial Group, Inc is a retail bank holding company. The Company operates through two segments: Consumer Banking and Commercial Banking. Its Consumer Banking serves retail customers and small businesses. Consumer Banking products and services include deposit products, mortgage and home equity lending, auto financing, student loans, personal unsecured lines and loans, credit cards, business loans, wealth management and investment services.







Receive News & Ratings for Citizens Financial Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Citizens Financial Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 
















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿






























RDL Financial Inc. Lowers Stake in Citrix Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CTXS) - Stock Observer













































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Citrix Systems Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Citrix Systems Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

Round Table Services LLC Acquires 333 Shares of Apple Inc. (AAPL)
Draegerwerk AG & Co KGaA (ETR:DRW3) PT Set at €96.00 by Warburg Research
Boys Arnold & Co. Inc. Lowers Stake in Microsoft Corporation (MSFT)
NBT Bancorp Inc. (NASDAQ:NBTB) Earns “Hold” Rating from Piper Jaffray Companies
Western Alliance Bancorporation (NYSE:WAL) Stock Rating Lowered by BidaskClub
Zacks Investment Research Downgrades The Madison Square Garden Company (NYSE:MSG) to Hold
Mazor Robotics Ltd. (NASDAQ:MZOR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell
First American Bank Has $7.97 Million Position in Edwards Lifesciences Corporation (NYSE:EW)
Capital One National Association Has $4.88 Million Position in WD-40 Company (NASDAQ:WDFC)
Hellman Jordan Management Co. Inc. MA Buys Shares of 71,380 Hi-Crush Partners LP (HCLP)
Farmers Trust Co. Invests $213,000 in Constellation Brands Inc (NYSE:STZ)
Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. (ACOR) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at BidaskClub
Hellman Jordan Management Co. Inc. MA Purchases Shares of 15,412 J.Jill Inc (JILL)
Yamana Gold Inc. (TSE:YRI) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages
Ladder Capital Corp (NASDAQ:LADR) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts
UMB Financial Corporation (UMBF) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts
Syndax Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SNDX) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts
Children’s Place, Inc. (The) (PLCE) Position Increased by Acadian Asset Management LLC
China Lodging Group, Limited (HTHT) Shares Sold by Acadian Asset Management LLC
YY Inc. (NASDAQ:YY) Shares Bought by Acadian Asset Management LLC



 


RDL Financial Inc. Lowers Stake in Citrix Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CTXS)

					Posted by Brenda Bartman on Jul 10th, 2017 // No Comments 



RDL Financial Inc. lowered its stake in shares of  Citrix Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CTXS) by 1.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  owned 35,756 shares of the cloud computing company’s stock after selling 571 shares during the period. Citrix Systems accounts for approximately  2.0% of RDL Financial Inc.’s portfolio, making the stock its 13th largest position. RDL Financial Inc.’s holdings in Citrix Systems were worth $2,982,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Several other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in CTXS. Quadrant Capital Group LLC raised its stake in shares of  Citrix Systems by 2.6% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 1,396 shares of the cloud computing company’s stock worth $113,000 after buying an additional 35 shares during the period.  Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS boosted its position in shares of  Citrix Systems by 0.5% in the fourth quarter. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS now owns 8,941 shares of the cloud computing company’s stock worth $799,000 after buying an additional 47 shares during the period.  Blair William & Co. IL boosted its position in shares of  Citrix Systems by 0.6% in the first quarter. Blair William & Co. IL now owns 7,987 shares of the cloud computing company’s stock worth $658,000 after buying an additional 49 shares during the period.  Cleararc Capital Inc. boosted its position in shares of  Citrix Systems by 1.5% in the first quarter. Cleararc Capital Inc. now owns 3,845 shares of the cloud computing company’s stock worth $321,000 after buying an additional 58 shares during the period.  Finally, Clean Yield Group boosted its position in shares of  Citrix Systems by 0.9% in the first quarter. Clean Yield Group now owns 7,739 shares of the cloud computing company’s stock worth $645,000 after buying an additional 70 shares during the period. 96.75% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 


 Get Citrix Systems Inc. alerts:



Citrix Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ CTXS) opened at 79.27 on Monday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $82.16 and its 200 day moving average price is $79.60. Citrix Systems, Inc. has a 12-month low of $64.11 and a 12-month high of $87.99. The stock has a market cap of $11.98 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 26.09 and a beta of 1.49. 




Citrix Systems (NASDAQ:CTXS) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The cloud computing company reported $0.85 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.75 by $0.10. Citrix Systems had a return on equity of 31.02% and a net margin of 14.75%. The business had revenue of $662.70 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $664.16 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $1.18 EPS. The firm’s revenue was up .6% compared to the same quarter last year.  Analysts forecast that  Citrix Systems, Inc. will post $4.64 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was first  posted by Stock Observer and is the property of of Stock Observer. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright law. The original version of this report can be read at https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/10/rdl-financial-inc-sells-571-shares-of-citrix-systems-inc-ctxs-updated-updated.html. 
CTXS has been the subject of several recent analyst reports. Cowen and Company  reaffirmed a “fair value” rating and issued a $100.00 target price on shares of Citrix Systems in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Mizuho lifted their price target on shares of Citrix Systems from $85.00 to $94.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. MKM Partners lifted their price target on shares of Citrix Systems from $95.00 to $105.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. Robert W. Baird upgraded shares of Citrix Systems from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and boosted their target price for the company from $85.00 to $90.00 in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Citrix Systems from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 28th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $92.80.
About Citrix Systems
Citrix Systems, Inc offers Enterprise and Service Provider products, which include Workspace Services solutions and Delivery Networking products. The Company’s Enterprise and Service Provider products include Cloud Services solutions, and related license updates and maintenance, support and professional services.







Receive News & Ratings for Citrix Systems Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Citrix Systems Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Round Table Services LLC Acquires 333 Shares of Apple Inc. 





Boys Arnold & Co. Inc. Lowers Stake in Microsoft Corporation 





Draegerwerk AG & Co KGaA  PT Set at €96.00 by Warburg Research





Mazor Robotics Ltd.  Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell





Hellman Jordan Management Co. Inc. MA Buys Shares of 71,380 Hi-Crush Partners LP 





Zacks Investment Research Downgrades The Madison Square Garden Company  to Hold






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 









































RDL Financial, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:42 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of RDL Financial, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
RDL Financial, Inc. is an employee owned investment manager. The firm also provides financial planning services to its clients. It primarily provides its services to individuals. The firm also caters to high net worth individuals and families. It manages separate client-focused equity and fixed income portfolios. The firm invests in the public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. It also invests in mutual funds. For the equity portion of its portfolio, the firm primarily invests in value stocks of large-cap companies across diversified sectors. For the fixed income portion of its portfolio, it invests in corporate bonds. The firm employs fundamental analysis to create its portfo...
RDL Financial, Inc. is an employee owned investment manager. The firm also provides financial planning services to its clients. It primarily provides its services to individuals. The firm also caters to high net worth individuals and families. It manages separate client-focused equity and fixed income portfolios. The firm invests in the public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. It also invests in mutual funds. For the equity portion of its portfolio, the firm primarily invests in value stocks of large-cap companies across diversified sectors. For the fixed income portion of its portfolio, it invests in corporate bonds. The firm employs fundamental analysis to create its portfolios. It employs a combination of in-house and external research to make its investments. RDL Financial, Inc. was founded in 1996 and is based in Fairfax, Virginia with additional offices in Washington, District of Columbia; Miami, Florida; and New York City.
Detailed Description


4401 Fair Lakes CourtSuite 310Fairfax, VA 22033United StatesFounded in 1996



Phone: 703-502-9500

Fax: 703-502-3970

www.thewolfgroup.com







Key Executives for RDL Financial, Inc.




Mr. Robert David Len CPA


      	Managing Director and Chief Compliance Officer
      


Age: 54
        







Mr. Leonard Scott Wolf CPA


      	Managing Director and Vice President
      


Age: 62
        







Mr. Michael Naperkoski


      	Controller
      








Ms. Christine Choi CFP, CPA


      	Portfolio Operations Manager and Senior Financial Advisor
      


Age: 54
        







Mr. Charles Verruggio


      	Vice President of Financial Advisory and Senior Financial Advisor
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact RDL Financial, Inc., please visit www.thewolfgroup.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































						Rdl Financial Has Increased Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Position, Ultralife (ULBI) Has 1.2 Sentiment - Wolcott Daily								









 


















 























 










































Market News
Penny Stock News
Stock News
Trending Stock News
Contact




Today's Date:  Thursday, July 27th, 2017


Welcome, visitor.   [  / Log in ]






Rdl Financial Has Increased Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Position, Ultralife (ULBI) Has 1.2 Sentiment

July 27, 2017 - By Vivian Currie

Ultralife Corporation offers products and services ranging from power solutions to communications and electronics systems. The company has market cap of $110.82 million. The Firm creates and makes power and communications systems, including rechargeable and non-rechargeable batteries, charging systems, communications and electronics systems and accessories, and custom engineered systems. It has a 22.64 P/E ratio. The Company’s divisions include Battery & Energy Products, Communications Systems and Corporate.
Rdl Financial Inc increased Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) stake by 258.55% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Rdl Financial Inc acquired 5,034 shares as Johnson & Johnson (JNJ)’s stock rose 6.85%. The Rdl Financial Inc holds 6,981 shares with $804,000 value, up from 1,947 last quarter. Johnson & Johnson now has $351.14B valuation. The stock declined 0.46% or $0.6 reaching $130.35 on the news. About 2.41 million shares traded. Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) has risen 12.54% since July 27, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 4.16% the S&P500.






Since January 1, 0001, it had 3 insider purchases, and 0 selling transactions for $289,069 activity. 
 About 4,482 shares traded. Ultralife Corp. (ULBI) has risen 59.57% since July 27, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 42.87% the S&P500.
Perritt Capital Management Inc holds 0.06% of its portfolio in Ultralife Corp. for 50,000 shares. Shikiar Asset Management Inc owns 24,600 shares or 0.05% of their US portfolio. Moreover, Global X Management Co Llc has 0.02% invested in the company for 70,088 shares. The Texas-based Bridgeway Capital Management Inc has invested 0.01% in the stock. Spark Investment Management Llc, a New York-based fund reported 27,100 shares.
Among 22 analysts covering Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ), 10 have Buy rating, 4 Sell and 8 Hold. Therefore 45% are positive. Johnson & Johnson had 58 analyst reports since August 7, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The firm has “Equal-Weight” rating given on Tuesday, November 29 by Barclays Capital. The company was upgraded on Monday, March 14 by Goldman Sachs. Cowen & Co maintained Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) rating on Tuesday, August 25. Cowen & Co has “Outperform” rating and $114 target. The rating was initiated by Standpoint Research on Friday, May 20 with “Sell”. As per Thursday, January 26, the company rating was downgraded by Wells Fargo. The stock of Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) earned “Outperform” rating by RBC Capital Markets on Wednesday, July 20. The stock of Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) has “Hold” rating given on Wednesday, April 6 by Societe Generale. The stock has “Hold” rating by Jefferies on Tuesday, March 15. The company was maintained on Friday, June 2 by BMO Capital Markets. The stock has “Hold” rating by Stifel Nicolaus on Tuesday, July 18.
Investors sentiment increased to 0.94 in 2016 Q4. Its up 0.12, from 0.82 in 2016Q3. It is positive, as 63 investors sold JNJ shares while 834 reduced holdings. 114 funds opened positions while 731 raised stakes. 1.72 billion shares or 0.88% more from 1.71 billion shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Ledyard Fincl Bank owns 57,342 shares. Teachers & Annuity Association Of America has 192,200 shares for 0.75% of their portfolio. Riverpoint Cap Ltd Limited Liability Company invested in 1.38% or 153,592 shares. Raymond James & Associate holds 2.76 million shares or 0.81% of its portfolio. Panagora Asset Management accumulated 2.61M shares. Portland Ltd Liability Corp has invested 0.48% of its portfolio in Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ). Triangle Securities Wealth Mngmt reported 2.16% of its portfolio in Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ). Cambridge Invest invested in 300,884 shares. Moreover, Trillium Asset Mngmt Ltd Liability has 0.7% invested in Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) for 91,955 shares. Puzo Michael J owns 88,148 shares or 5.88% of their US portfolio. Natl Pension stated it has 1.38% of its portfolio in Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ). Prentiss Smith invested in 5.2% or 73,981 shares. Stifel Fincl Corp reported 1.26% of its portfolio in Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ). Family Firm stated it has 0.25% in Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ). Jag Cap Management Lc reported 16,772 shares.


Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.










By1 Vivian Currie


 





Automatic Stock Updates Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our free daily email newsletter:










  Recent Posts 

Rdl Financial Has Increased Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Position, Ultralife (ULBI) Has 1.2 Sentiment


Altalis Capital Management Has Decreased Westmoreland Coal Co (WLB) Position By $748,918, Longwood Capital Partners Has Trimmed Aerie Pharmaceuticals (AERI) Position


Oak Ridge Investments Has Increased Euronet Worldwide Com (EEFT) Holding; 9 Analysts Bullish DS Smith plc (LON:SMDS)


Grantham Mayo Van Otterloo & Co Cut By $20.12 Million Its Medtronic Plc (MDT) Position; FEI Company (FEIC) Had 2 Analysts Last Week


$-0.07 EPS Expected for J C Penney Company (JCP); MNP PETROLEUM CORPORATION (MNAP) Shorts Increased By 38.46%


GlycoMimetics (GLYC) Reaches $11.30 After 8.00% Down Move; 3M Company (MMM) Shorts Down By 3.2%


Viveve Medical (VIVE) EPS Estimated At $-0.34, Marsh & Mclennan Companies (MMC) Shorts Up By 1.22%


$0.12 EPS Expected for Savaria (SIS); Marketaxess Holdings (MKTX) Shorts Increased By 12.84%


$0.04 EPS Expected for Innova Gaming Group (IGG); Dex Media (DEX) Sentiment Is 1.2


Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Reaches $190.00 After 7.00% Up Move, Blackrock Muniyield Quality Fund II (MQT) Has 1.73 Sentiment







© Copyright 2015-2017 Wolcott Daily Inc - wolcottdaily.com       About - Our Team - Contact











Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell

Lists*Consumer Eagle



































Find a contractor you can trust on BuildZoom


























































Contractor search












Search


 









BuildZoom

 
/


Find a Pro







Browse contractors by state



Alabama


Alaska


Arizona


Arkansas


California


Colorado


Connecticut


Delaware


District of Columbia


Florida


Georgia


Hawaii


Idaho



Illinois


Indiana


Iowa


Kansas


Kentucky


Louisiana


Maine


Maryland


Massachusetts


Michigan


Minnesota


Mississippi


Missouri



Montana


Nebraska


Nevada


New Hampshire


New Jersey


New Mexico


New York


North Carolina


North Dakota


Ohio


Oklahoma


Oregon


Pennsylvania



Rhode Island


South Carolina


South Dakota


Tennessee


Texas


Utah


Vermont


Virginia


Washington


West Virginia


Wisconsin


Wyoming




Top contractors in major cities



Albuquerque, NM


Arlington, TX


Atlanta, GA


Austin, TX


Bakersfield, CA


Baltimore, MD


Boston, MA


Charlotte, NC


Chicago, IL


Cleveland, OH


Colorado Springs, CO


Columbus, OH


Dallas, TX



Denver, CO


Detroit, MI


El Paso, TX


Fort Worth, TX


Fresno, CA


Houston, TX


Indianapolis, IN


Jacksonville, FL


Kansas City, MO


Las Vegas, NV


Long Beach, CA


Los Angeles, CA


Louisville, KY



Memphis, TN


Mesa, AZ


Miami, FL


Milwaukee, WI


Minneapolis, MN


Nashville, TN


New Orleans, LA


New York, NY


Oakland, CA


Oklahoma City, OK


Omaha, NE


Philadelphia, PA


Phoenix, AZ



Portland, OR


Raleigh, NC


Sacramento, CA


San Antonio, TX


San Diego, CA


San Francisco, CA


San Jose, CA


Seattle, WA


Tucson, AZ


Tulsa, OK


Virginia Beach, VA


Washington, DC


Wichita, KS


























































Get remodeling quotes from the best general contractors in your area






































































































Tyson Foods (NYSE:TSN) Stock Price, News & Analysis | MarketBeat






















    























































































Tyson Foods Company Profile (NYSE:TSN)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About Tyson Foods (NYSE:TSN)
Tyson Foods, Inc. is a food company, which is engaged in offering chicken, beef and pork, as well as prepared foods. The Company offers food products under Tyson, Jimmy Dean, Hillshire Farm, Sara Lee, Ball Park, Wright, Aidells and State Fair brands. The Company operates through four segments: Chicken, Beef, Pork and Prepared Foods. It operates a vertically integrated chicken production process, which consists of breeding stock, contract growers, feed production, processing, further-processing, marketing and transportation of chicken and related allied products, including animal and pet food ingredients. Through its subsidiary, Cobb-Vantress, Inc. (Cobb), the Company is engaged in supplying poultry breeding stock across the world. It produces a range of fresh, frozen and refrigerated food products. Its products are marketed and sold by its sales staff to grocery retailers, grocery wholesalers, meat distributors, warehouse club stores and military commissaries, among others. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Consumer Staples
Industry: Animal Slaughtering & Processing
Sub-Industry: Packaged Foods & Meats
Symbol: NYSE:TSN
CUSIP: 90249410
Web: www.tyson.com

Capitalization:Market Cap: $22.57747 billionOutstanding Shares: 366,985,000Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $61.40200 Day Moving Avg: $61.9852 Week Range: $55.72 - $77.05


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: 13.17Foreward P/E Ratio: 12.80P/E Growth: 2.14Sales & Book Value:Annual Revenue: $36.82 billionPrice / Sales: 0.63Book Value: $26.62 per sharePrice / Book: 2.38Dividend:Annual Dividend: $0.90Dividend Yield: 1.4%


Profitability:EBIDTA: $3.77 billionNet Margins: 4.91%Return on Equity: 18.55%Return on Assets: 8.03%Debt:Debt-to-Equity Ratio: 0.60%Current Ratio: 1.62%Quick Ratio: 0.66%Misc:Average Volume: 2.79 million shs.Beta: 0.25Short Ratio: 3.23

 

Frequently Asked Questions for Tyson Foods (NYSE:TSN)
What is Tyson Foods' stock symbol?

Tyson Foods trades on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the ticker symbol "TSN."



How often does Tyson Foods pay dividends? What is the dividend yield for Tyson Foods?

Tyson Foods announced a quarterly dividend on Friday, May 12th. Investors of record on Friday, September 1st will be paid a dividend of $0.225 per share on Friday, September 15th. This represents a $0.90 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.42%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, August 30th.  View Tyson Foods' Dividend History.



How were Tyson Foods' earnings last quarter?

Tyson Foods, Inc. (NYSE:TSN) issued its quarterly earnings results on Monday, May, 8th. The company reported $1.01 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts' consensus estimates of $1.06 by $0.05. The company had revenue of $9.08 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts' expectations of $9.07 billion. Tyson Foods had a net margin of 4.91% and a return on equity of 18.55%. The business's revenue for the quarter was down .9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $1.07 EPS.  View Tyson Foods' Earnings History.



When will Tyson Foods make its next earnings announcement?

Tyson Foods is scheduled to release their next quarterly earnings announcement on Monday, August, 7th 2017. View Earnings Estimates for Tyson Foods.



What guidance has Tyson Foods issued on next quarter's earnings?

Tyson Foods updated its FY17 earnings guidance on Monday, May, 8th. The company provided earnings per share guidance of $4.90-5.05 for the period, compared to the Thomson Reuters consensus estimate of $5.02. 



Where is Tyson Foods' stock going? Where will Tyson Foods' stock price be in 2017?

12 analysts have issued 1 year price targets for Tyson Foods' stock. Their predictions range from $40.00 to $76.00. On average, they expect Tyson Foods' stock price to reach $67.70 in the next twelve months. View Analyst Ratings for Tyson Foods.



What are analysts saying about Tyson Foods stock?

Here are some recent quotes from research analysts about Tyson Foods stock: 
1. According to Zacks Investment Research, "While shares of Tyson Foods have been declining, the drop has been narrower than the Zacks categorized industry since past one month. We believe the company’s strong position in chicken segment, its efforts to expand protein-packed products and offer nutritious products to health-conscious consumers have been doing the trick for the stock lately. The company’s merger with AdvancePierre Foods and the expected sale of some non-protein businesses show that Tyson is focusing on expanding its protein-packed brands. Further, the company is also making significant investments to improve the supply network within the food-service channel. While the company is facing declines in beef and prepared foods segments, the company expects to grow sales volume across each segment in fiscal 2017. Further, Hillshire Brands synergies will lead to higher investment in innovation. Estimates are rising for fiscal year 2017 over the past 3o days." (7/13/2017)
2. Argus analysts commented, "We are downgrading Tyson Foods Inc. (NYSE: TSN) from BUY to HOLD. Although the company posted strong fiscal 1Q17 results, we are concerned about an SEC investigation of Tyson and other poultry producers for alleged manipulation of a chicken pricing index. We also see the potential for decelerating earnings in the coming quarters and are concerned about the recent bird flu outbreak at poultry farms in Tennessee and Alabama. In addition, we believe that the company's new CEO, Tom Hayes, is likely to be cautious about acquisitions and business expansion, and believe that this is weighing on TSN shares. If the company is able to resolve its legal issues and continues to report strong earnings, we would consider returning the stock to our BUY list. For investors interested in the Consumer Staples sector, we recommend the shares of BUY-rated Clorox (CLX). Our long-term rating on TSN remains BUY, based on our expectations for benefits from the Hillshire Brands acquisition and continued stock buybacks and dividend increases." (3/16/2017)




Who are some of Tyson Foods' key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to Tyson Foods include Imperial Brands PLC (IMBBY), Kimberly-Clark Corporation (KMB), Constellation Brands (STZ), Pernod Ricard SA (PDRDY), Estee Lauder Companies, Inc. (The) (EL), Fomento Economico Mexicano S.A.B. de C.V. (FMX), Henkel AG & Co. (HENKY), General Mills (GIS), Monster Beverage Corporation (MNST), Kao Corp. (KCRPY), Sysco Corporation (SYY), Ahold NV (ADRNY), Newell Brands (NWL), Archer-Daniels-Midland Company (ADM), Kellogg Company (K), Hershey Company (The) (HSY), Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) and Brown Forman Corporation (BF.A).



Who are Tyson Foods' key executives?

Tyson Foods' management team includes the folowing people: John H. Tyson, Executive Chairman of the BoardThomas P. Hayes, President, Chief Executive Officer, DirectorDennis Leatherby, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice PresidentAndrew P. Callahan, President - North American Foodservice & InternationalSally Grimes, President - North American RetailDonnie D. King, President, North American OperationsStephen R. Stouffer, President - Fresh MeatsNoel W. White, Chief Operations OfficerMary Oleksiuk, Chief Human Resource Officer, Executive Vice PresidentDavid L. Van Bebber, Executive Vice President, General Counsel



Who owns Tyson Foods stock?

Tyson Foods' stock is owned by a variety of of institutional and retail investors. Top institutional shareholders include APG Asset Management N.V. (1.03%), Russell Investments Group Ltd. (0.54%), Hexavest Inc. (0.27%), Cambiar Investors LLC (0.26%), Rothschild Asset Management Inc. (0.23%) and Great West Life Assurance Co. Can (0.20%). Company insiders that own Tyson Foods stock include Bebber David L Van, Curt Calaway, Dennis Leatherby, Donald Smith, Donnie King, Howell P Carper, Jim D Kever, John H Tyson, Kevin M Mcnamara, Noel W White, Robert C Thurber and Stephen R Stouffer. View Institutional Ownership Trends for Tyson Foods.



Who sold Tyson Foods stock? Who is selling Tyson Foods stock?

Tyson Foods' stock was sold by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Bank of Montreal Can, NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V., Meag Munich Ergo Kapitalanlagegesellschaft MBH, Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund, Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc., Bessemer Group Inc., Hexavest Inc. and Bank of The West. Company insiders that have sold Tyson Foods stock in the last year include Bebber David L Van, Curt Calaway, Dennis Leatherby, Donald Smith, Donnie King, John H Tyson, Noel W White and Robert C Thurber. View Insider Buying and Selling for Tyson Foods.



Who bought Tyson Foods stock? Who is buying Tyson Foods stock?

Tyson Foods' stock was purchased by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Russell Investments Group Ltd., APG Asset Management N.V., Great West Life Assurance Co. Can, Harbour Capital Advisors LLC, James Investment Research Inc., Jolley Asset Management LLC, Rothschild Asset Management Inc. and Palouse Capital Management Inc..  View Insider Buying and Selling for Tyson Foods.



How do I buy Tyson Foods stock? 

Shares of Tyson Foods can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is Tyson Foods' stock price today?

One share of Tyson Foods stock can currently be purchased for approximately $63.36.


MarketBeat Community Rating for Tyson Foods (NYSE TSN)Community Ranking:  2.7 out of 5 ( )Outperform Votes:  409 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  335 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  744MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about Tyson Foods and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for Tyson Foods (NYSE:TSN) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: 1 Sell Rating, 4 Hold Ratings, 7 Buy RatingsConsensus Rating:Buy (Score: 2.50)Consensus Price Target: $67.70 (6.85% upside)

Analysts' Ratings History for Tyson Foods (NYSE:TSN)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


DateFirmActionRatingPrice TargetImpact on Share PriceDetails7/27/2017Jefferies Group LLCReiterated RatingBuy$75.00Low7/19/2017Credit Suisse GroupInitiated CoverageNeutral -> Neutral$65.00Low7/12/2017Pivotal ResearchReiterated RatingSell$40.00Low7/10/2017MizuhoReiterated RatingBuy$71.00Medium6/26/2017J P Morgan Chase & CoBoost Price TargetNeutral$62.00 -> $67.00Low6/15/2017BMO Capital MarketsReiterated RatingBuy$75.00Low6/13/2017Vertical ResearchUpgradeHold -> BuyLow6/6/2017Barclays PLCInitiated CoverageOverweight -> Overweight$70.00Medium5/9/2017Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)Reiterated RatingBuy$76.00Low5/9/2017Royal Bank Of CanadaReiterated RatingHold$68.00High3/16/2017ArgusDowngradeBuy -> HoldHigh12/1/2016KeyCorpInitiated CoverageOverweight$70.00N/A4/4/2016BB&T CorporationDowngradeBuy -> HoldN/A2/17/2016StephensUpgradeEqual Weight -> OverweightN/A(Data available from 7/28/2015 forward)


Earnings
Earnings History for Tyson Foods (NYSE:TSN)Earnings History by Quarter for Tyson Foods (NYSE TSN)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails8/7/2017$1.17N/A5/8/2017Q2 2017$1.06$1.01$9.07 billion$9.08 billionViewListen2/6/2017Q117$1.26$1.59$9.04 billion$9.18 billionViewN/A11/21/2016Q416$1.16$0.96$9.38 billion$9.16 billionViewN/A8/8/2016Q316$1.06$1.21$9.32 billion$9.40 billionViewN/A5/9/2016Q216$0.96$1.07$9.04 billion$9.17 billionViewN/A2/5/2016Q116$0.89$1.15$10.10 billion$9.15 billionViewN/A11/23/2015Q415$0.88$0.83$10.23 billion$10.50 billionViewListen8/3/2015Q315$0.92$0.80$10.31 billion$10.10 billionViewN/A5/4/2015Q215$0.72$0.75$10.11 billion$9.98 billionViewN/A1/30/2015Q115$0.73$0.77$10.29 billion$10.80 billionViewN/A11/17/2014Q414$0.76$0.87$10.15 billion$10.10 billionViewN/A7/28/2014Q314$0.78$0.75$9.47 billion$9.68 billionViewN/A5/5/2014Q214$0.63$0.60$8.85 billion$9.03 billionViewN/A1/31/2014Q114$0.64$0.72$8.76 billion$8.76 billionViewListen11/18/2013Q4$0.69$0.70$8.89 billion$8.89 billionViewListen8/5/2013Q3 2013$0.60$0.69$8.65 billion$8.73 billionViewListen5/6/2013Q2 2013$0.45$0.36$8.58 billion$8.42 billionViewListen2/1/2013Q1 2013$0.40$0.48$8.61 billion$8.40 billionViewListen11/19/2012Q412$0.44$0.55$8.49 million$8.37 billionViewN/A8/6/2012$0.55$0.50ViewN/A5/7/2012$0.40$0.44ViewN/A2/3/2012$0.34$0.42ViewN/A11/21/2011$0.31$0.26ViewN/A8/8/2011$0.40$0.46ViewN/A5/9/2011$0.43$0.42ViewN/A2/4/2011$0.62$0.78ViewN/A(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for Tyson Foods (NYSE:TSN)2017 EPS Consensus Estimate: $4.732018 EPS Consensus Estimate: $4.86QuarterNumber of EstimatesLow EstimateHigh EstimateAverage EstimateQ1 20172$1.22$1.38$1.30Q2 20172$1.00$1.07$1.04Q3 20172$1.19$1.20$1.20Q4 20172$1.20$1.20$1.20Q1 20181$1.34$1.34$1.34Q2 20181$1.11$1.11$1.11Q3 20181$1.22$1.22$1.22Q4 20181$1.19$1.19$1.19Q1 20191$1.25$1.25$1.25Q2 20191$1.26$1.26$1.26(Data provided by Zacks Investment Research)


Dividends
Current Dividend Information for Tyson Foods (NYSE:TSN)Next Dividend:9/15/2017Annual Dividend:$0.90Dividend Yield:1.42%Dividend Growth:44.20% (3 Year Average)Payout Ratio:18.79% (Trailing 12 Months of Earnings)  17.79% (Based on This Year's Estimates)18.18% (Based on Next Year's Estimates)Track Record:5 Years of Consecutive Dividend GrowthDividend History by Quarter for Tyson Foods (NYSE TSN)AnnouncedPeriodAmountYieldEx-Dividend DateRecord DatePayable Date5/12/2017quarterly$0.231.55%8/30/20179/1/20179/15/20172/13/2017quarterly$0.231.38%5/30/20176/1/20176/15/201711/21/2016quarterly$0.231.53%2/27/20173/1/20173/15/20178/8/2016quarterly$0.150.81%11/29/201612/1/201612/15/20165/9/2016quarterly$0.150.87%8/30/20169/1/20169/15/20162/10/2016quarterly$0.151%5/27/20166/1/20166/15/201611/24/2015quarterly$0.151.22%2/26/20163/1/20163/15/20168/4/2015quarterly$0.100.97%11/27/201512/1/201512/15/20155/5/2015quarterly$0.100.99%8/28/20159/1/20159/15/20152/2/2015quarterly$0.101.03%5/28/20156/1/20156/15/201511/18/2014quarterly$0.100.94%2/25/20152/27/20153/13/20157/31/2014quarterly$0.080.81%11/26/201412/1/201412/15/20145/5/2014quarterly$0.080.78%8/27/20148/29/20149/15/20142/3/2014quarterly$0.080.85%5/28/20145/30/20146/13/201411/18/2013$0.0811/26/201311/29/201312/13/201311/19/2013quarterly$0.080.97%2/26/20142/28/20143/14/20148/7/2013quarterly$0.050.65%11/26/201311/29/201312/13/20135/6/2013quarterly$0.050.81%8/28/20138/30/20139/13/20132/4/2013quarterly$0.050.87%5/29/20133/31/20136/14/2013(Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Insider Trades
Insider Trading and Institutional Ownership History for Tyson Foods (NYSE:TSN)Insider Ownership Percentage: 2.65%Institutional Ownership Percentage: 71.52%Insider Trades by Quarter for Tyson Foods (NYSE:TSN)Transaction DateInsider NameTitleBuy/SellNumber of SharesAverage Share PriceTotal TransactionDetails2/28/2017Noel W. WhiteCOOSell116,678$62.44$7,285,374.32  2/13/2017Kevin M. McnamaraDirectorBuy350$65.27$22,844.50  8/26/2016Noel W. WhiteInsiderSell74,934$75.44$5,653,020.96  8/25/2016Donnie KingInsiderSell146,641$75.75$11,108,055.75  8/18/2016Dennis LeatherbyCFOSell40,000$74.77$2,990,800.00  8/18/2016Donald SmithCEOSell61,994$74.58$4,623,512.52  8/17/2016John H. TysonChairmanSell282,478$74.22$20,965,517.16  8/15/2016Donald SmithCEOSell38,006$75.20$2,858,051.20  8/12/2016Bebber David L. VanEVPSell70,000$75.00$5,250,000.00  8/12/2016Dennis LeatherbyCFOSell53,333$74.76$3,987,175.08  8/12/2016Robert C. ThurberDirectorSell4,500$74.93$337,185.00  8/11/2016Curt CalawaySVPSell21,200$74.79$1,585,548.00  8/10/2016Noel W. WhiteInsiderSell74,500$74.56$5,554,720.00  4/20/2016Howell P CarperEVPSell64,763$63.77$4,129,936.51  3/24/2016Bebber David L VanEVPSell75,467$66.96$5,053,270.32  2/26/2016Noel W. WhiteInsiderSell78,453$66.02$5,179,467.06  2/18/2016Curt CalawayCAOSell13,200$62.47$824,604.00  2/8/2016Robert C. ThurberDirectorSell4,500$59.39$267,255.00  2/8/2016Stephen R. StoufferinsiderSell103,381$59.70$6,171,845.70  12/11/2015Noel W WhiteInsiderSell12,500$52.48$656,000.00  12/9/2015Donnie KinginsiderSell309,860$52.69$16,326,523.40  12/9/2015Jim D. KeverDirectorSell5,000$52.65$263,250.00  12/4/2015Howell P CarperEVPSell108,000$51.93$5,608,440.00  12/2/2015Dennis LeatherbyCFOSell110,966$50.71$5,627,085.86  11/25/2015Noel W. WhiteinsiderSell39,227$50.07$1,964,095.89  6/18/2015Howell P CarperEVPSell87,333$42.41$3,703,792.53  6/3/2015Howell P CarperEVPSell1,700$42.40$72,080.00  6/2/2015Donald SmithCEOSell10,000$41.78$417,800.00  5/27/2015Dennis LeatherbyCFOSell8,000$42.71$341,680.00  5/22/2015Stephen R StoufferInsiderSell7,040$43.09$303,353.60  5/19/2015Donnie KingInsiderSell70,000$42.54$2,977,800.00  3/20/2015Bebber David L VanEVPSell108,000$40.23$4,344,840.00  2/2/2015Robert C ThurberDirectorBuy2,250$38.96$87,660.00  11/18/2014Donnie KingInsiderSell40,000$42.57$1,702,800.00  9/30/2014Bebber David L VanEVPSell4,453$39.37$175,314.61  5/27/2014Ken KimbroEVPSell2,488$41.54$103,351.52  5/22/2014James V LochnerCOOSell376,085$39.06$14,689,880.10  3/3/2014John TysonChairmanSell336,895$38.56$12,990,671.20  2/18/2014Ken KimbroEVPSell20,025$38.42$769,360.50  2/6/2014Curt CalawayCAOSell10,485$35.68$374,104.80  12/2/2013Ken KimbroEVPSell45,167$32.00$1,445,344.00  9/12/2013Noel WhiteVPSell75,000$30.20$2,265,000.00  9/11/2013Donnie KingVPSell14,295$30.00$428,850.00  9/11/2013James V LochnerCOOSell880,001$30.02$26,417,630.02  8/20/2013Donnie KingVPSell25,705$32.02$823,074.10  8/14/2013Donald SmithCEOSell5,780$31.91$184,439.80  8/8/2013Ken KimbroEVPSell10,000$30.77$307,700.00  5/29/2013James V LochnerCOOSell15,000$25.27$379,050.00  5/16/2013Ken KimbroEVPSell13,000$24.96$324,480.00  5/13/2013Kevin M McnamaraDirectorBuy3,000$24.55$73,650.00  5/8/2013John H TysonChairmanSell742,114$24.77$18,382,163.78  5/7/2013Robert C ThurberDirectorBuy4,000$24.37$97,480.00  2/15/2013Ken KimbroCEOSell16,800$24.15$405,720.00  2/6/2013Jim D KeverDirectorBuy10,000$23.37$233,700.00  2/5/2013Dennis LeatherbyCFOSell14,000$22.97$321,580.00  2/4/2013Curt CalawayCAOSell14,800$22.83$337,884.00  2/4/2013Ken KimbroEVPSell65,600$22.93$1,504,208.00  2/4/2013Noel W WhiteVPSell83,400$22.86$1,906,524.00  10/2/2012Bebber David L VanVPSell2,036$16.54$33,675.44  8/27/2012Kathleen M BaderDirectorBuy4,000$15.00$60,000.00  8/7/2012Gaurdie E Jr. BanisterDirectorBuy8,450$14.71$124,299.50  (Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Headlines
Headline Trends for Tyson Foods (NYSE:TSN)


Latest Headlines for Tyson Foods (NYSE:TSN)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineTyson Foods' (NYSE:TSN) Buy Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLCwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 27 at 7:14 PMETFs with exposure to Tyson Foods, Inc. : July 25, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 26 at 9:13 AMTyson Foods 3rd Quarter Earnings Call Scheduled for August 7 - GlobeNewswire (press release)globenewswire.com - July 25 at 7:50 AMTyson Foods 3rd Quarter Earnings Call Scheduled for August 7feeds.benzinga.com - July 24 at 5:52 PMCredit Suisse Group Begins Coverage on Tyson Foods, Inc. (NYSE:TSN)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 24 at 12:28 AMTyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $9.47 Billionwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 23 at 11:25 AM$1.22 Earnings Per Share Expected for Tyson Foods, Inc. (NYSE:TSN) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 21 at 8:08 AMCritical Survey: Tyson Foods (TSN) versus Pilgrim's Pride Corporation (PPC)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 20 at 12:40 PMTyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Given Consensus Rating of "Buy" by Brokerageswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 18 at 3:11 PMExpectations for Apple Are Too High, Deutsche Bank Warns - TheStreet.comwww.thestreet.com - July 18 at 9:17 AMMan Involved in Minnesota Tesla Crash Denies Autopilot System Was to Blamefinance.yahoo.com - July 18 at 9:17 AMChina's Data Looks Too Good to Be True: Market Reconfinance.yahoo.com - July 17 at 8:31 AMLooking for Value? Why It Might Be Time to Try Tyson Foods (TSN) - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - July 14 at 9:26 PMETFs with exposure to Tyson Foods, Inc. : July 14, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 14 at 9:25 PMLooking for Value? Why It Might Be Time to Try Tyson Foods (TSN)finance.yahoo.com - July 14 at 9:23 AMBidaskClub Lowers Tyson Foods, Inc. (NYSE:TSN) to Sellwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 12 at 10:56 PMPivotal Research Reaffirms "Sell" Rating for Tyson Foods, Inc. (NYSE:TSN)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 12 at 11:14 AMTyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Earns "Buy" Rating from Mizuhowww.americanbankingnews.com - July 10 at 9:02 PMTyson Foods, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bearish Manner : TSN-US : July 7, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 9 at 12:56 AMTyson: Watch Out - Seeking Alphaseekingalpha.com - July 8 at 2:55 PMBidaskClub Lowers Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) to Holdwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 29 at 3:35 PM$9.47 Billion in Sales Expected for Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 29 at 1:18 PMChinese ready to tuck into U.S. beef imports after 14-year waitfinance.yahoo.com - June 29 at 7:33 AM$1.22 Earnings Per Share Expected for Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 27 at 9:50 AMTyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Price Target Raised to $67.00www.americanbankingnews.com - June 26 at 10:27 AMLobbyist wounded in GOP baseball shooting leaves hospitalmarketbeat.com - June 23 at 8:59 PMTyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Given Consensus Rating of "Hold" by Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - June 23 at 11:32 AMTyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Stock Rating Lowered by BidaskClubwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 22 at 4:46 PMTyson Foods Rolls Out High-Tech, High-Touch Animal Welfare Programfinance.yahoo.com - June 22 at 2:19 PMTyson Convenience Releases Insights from National Survey to Help Retailers Attract Customers Traveling During the Busy Summer Seasonfinance.yahoo.com - June 22 at 2:19 PMTyson adopting video checks, animal rights groups want moremarketbeat.com - June 21 at 6:22 PMThe Latest: Animal rights group says Tyson effort not enoughmarketbeat.com - June 21 at 5:53 PMTyson adopting video, welfare checks in poultry operationsmarketbeat.com - June 21 at 1:24 AMBMO Capital Markets Reaffirms Buy Rating for Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN)www.americanbankingnews.com - June 18 at 12:52 AMTyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Upgraded to Buy by BidaskClubwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 16 at 3:06 PMETFs with exposure to Tyson Foods, Inc. : June 15, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 15 at 8:39 PMScalise has more surgery as authorities track shooter's pathfinance.yahoo.com - June 15 at 8:39 PMThe Latest: Trump sits by wounded Scalise's bedsidefinance.yahoo.com - June 15 at 3:36 PMTrump says Scalise 'in some trouble' as House gavels back infinance.yahoo.com - June 15 at 3:36 PMTyson Foods, Inc. – Value Analysis (NYSE:TSN) : June 14, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 15 at 2:43 AMHouse Majority Whip Scalise shot at congressional baseball practicefinance.yahoo.com - June 15 at 2:43 AMU.S. beef speeds to China by air as trade deal ends 14-year banfinance.yahoo.com - June 15 at 2:43 AMThe Latest: Trump sits by wounded Scalise's bedsidefinance.yahoo.com - June 15 at 2:43 AMRifle-wielding attacker wounds GOP leader, killed by policefinance.yahoo.com - June 15 at 2:43 AMCorporate News Blog - Tyson Foods set to Recall More than 2.4 Million Pounds of Chicken Productsfinance.yahoo.com - June 14 at 9:04 AMTyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Upgraded to Buy by Vertical Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 13 at 11:34 AMTyson Foods (TSN) Appoints Scott Spradley as Chief Technology Officer - StreetInsider.comwww.streetinsider.com - June 13 at 9:23 AMTyson Foods, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bullish Manner : TSN-US : June 13, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 13 at 9:23 AMTyson Foods (TSN) Appoints Scott Spradley as Chief Technology Officerwww.streetinsider.com - June 12 at 7:48 PMTyson Recalls 2.5 Million Pounds of Chickenfinance.yahoo.com - June 12 at 7:48 PM


Social





Chart
Tyson Foods (TSN) Chart for Friday, July, 28, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/28/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff
























































Building permits in the United States




























































Building Permits
in The United States







Search for an address or city












Sorry, we couldn't find the "{{propertySearch.bad_query}}" you're looking for.
Please make sure your search is spelled correctly, and try adding a city, state or zipcode.



























Reset filters








Auto Search


Refresh Map





Select a metro area to filter projects.







Only showing 75 properties. Zoom in or use filters to narrow your search.







Loading...
No properties match your search.

Nearby properties
in 
with permit activity












































































Fifth Third Bancorp’s (FITB) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC - Watch List News



















































Home
About
Staff
Privacy Policy
Contact
























Headlines
Business
US News
Health
World
Investing
Technology




















Fifth Third Bancorp - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fifth Third Bancorp with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow Watchlist News

 











Latest News



Suncor Energy  Inc. (SU) Upgraded to “Sell” by BidaskClub					

BidaskClub Downgrades Shutterstock, Inc. (NYSE:SSTK) to Hold					

Stericycle, Inc. (NASDAQ:SRCL) Upgraded at BidaskClub					

Student Transportation Inc (STB) Downgraded to Hold at BidaskClub					

Sterling Construction Company Inc (NASDAQ:STRL) Downgraded by BidaskClub					

Videocon d2h Limited (VDTH) Downgraded by BidaskClub					

Tennant Company (NYSE:TNC) Downgraded by BidaskClub					

BidaskClub Downgrades Torchmark Corporation (TMK) to Hold					

Taylor Morrison Home Corp (NASDAQ:TMHC) Downgraded by BidaskClub					

Southern Company (The) (SO) Upgraded by BidaskClub to Sell					

Tucows Inc. (NASDAQ:TCX) Rating Lowered to Hold at BidaskClub					

Sanofi (NYSE:SNY) Stock Rating Lowered by BidaskClub					

Gentherm Inc (THRM) Downgraded to “Buy” at BidaskClub					

Sempra Energy (SRE) Rating Increased to Hold at BidaskClub					

SJW Corporation (SJW) Upgraded by BidaskClub to Hold					

BidaskClub Lowers Six Flags Entertainment Corporation New (NYSE:SIX) to Sell					

QUALCOMM Incorporated (NASDAQ:QCOM) Downgraded by BidaskClub to “Strong Sell”					

Pretium Resources, Inc. (PVG) Rating Increased to Buy at BidaskClub					

QCR Holdings, Inc. (QCRH) Cut to “Hold” at BidaskClub					

Sunstone Hotel Investors, Inc. (NYSE:SHO) Stock Rating Lowered by BidaskClub					



Archives

July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
March 2016
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014




 




						Fifth Third Bancorp’s (FITB) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC					

						 July 19th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Nicole Kennedy 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 






Tweet










Jefferies Group LLC reiterated their hold rating on shares of Fifth Third Bancorp (NASDAQ:FITB)  in a report published on Friday. They currently have a $28.00 price objective on the financial services provider’s stock.
A number of other research firms have also commented on FITB. Deutsche Bank AG  restated a hold rating on shares of Fifth Third Bancorp in a research note on Monday, July 3rd. Morgan Stanley  restated an equal weight rating and set a $28.00 price objective (up previously from $26.00) on shares of Fifth Third Bancorp in a research note on Thursday, July 6th. Hilliard Lyons upgraded Fifth Third Bancorp from an underperform rating to a neutral rating and set a $27.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Monday, March 20th. Instinet raised their price objective on Fifth Third Bancorp from $27.00 to $28.00 and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Friday, June 30th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets  restated a hold rating and set a $28.00 price objective on shares of Fifth Third Bancorp in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have assigned  a hold rating and four have assigned  a buy rating to the company’s stock. Fifth Third Bancorp  has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $26.24.
Shares of Fifth Third Bancorp (NASDAQ FITB) traded down 1.30% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $25.82. The company had a trading volume of 5,344,245 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $19.37 billion, a P/E ratio of 13.50 and a beta of 1.36. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $24.66 and its 200-day moving average is $25.83. Fifth Third Bancorp has a 12-month low of $18.16 and a 12-month high of $28.97. 




Fifth Third Bancorp (NASDAQ:FITB) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The financial services provider reported $0.38 EPS for the quarter, hitting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.38. Fifth Third Bancorp had a return on equity of 10.12% and a net margin of 22.64%. The firm had revenue of $1.46 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.49 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.40 EPS.  On average, analysts expect that  Fifth Third Bancorp will post $1.79 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was first  posted by Watch List News and is owned by of Watch List News. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be read at https://www.watchlistnews.com/fifth-third-bancorps-fitb-hold-rating-reaffirmed-at-jefferies-group-llc/1450360.html. 
Fifth Third Bancorp declared that its board has authorized a stock buyback program on Wednesday, June 28th that allows the company to repurchase $1.16 billion in    shares. This repurchase authorization allows the financial services provider to purchase up to 67% of its shares through open market purchases. Shares repurchase programs are often an indication that the company’s management believes its stock is undervalued. 
The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, July 17th. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 30th were given a $0.14 dividend. This represents a $0.56 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.17%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Wednesday, June 28th. Fifth Third Bancorp’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 29.17%. 
In other news, EVP Frank R. Forrest sold 13,321 shares of Fifth Third Bancorp stock in a transaction dated Thursday, April 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $24.63, for a total value of $328,096.23. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 71,793 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,768,261.59. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, EVP James C. Leonard sold 15,000 shares of Fifth Third Bancorp stock in a transaction dated Thursday, May 4th. The stock was sold at an average price of $24.88, for a total value of $373,200.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 75,927 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,889,063.76. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 109,315 shares of company stock valued at $2,716,947. Corporate insiders own  0.38% of the company’s stock. 
A number of hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of FITB. Assetmark Inc. raised its stake in shares of  Fifth Third Bancorp by 0.7% in the first quarter. Assetmark Inc. now owns 4,770 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $121,000 after buying an additional 32 shares during the last quarter.  Quadrant Capital Group LLC raised its stake in shares of  Fifth Third Bancorp by 7.1% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 5,581 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $138,000 after buying an additional 370 shares during the last quarter.  YorkBridge Wealth Partners LLC raised its stake in shares of  Fifth Third Bancorp by 5.4% in the first quarter. YorkBridge Wealth Partners LLC now owns 5,816 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $142,000 after buying an additional 298 shares during the last quarter.  Sterling Investment Advisors Ltd. raised its stake in shares of  Fifth Third Bancorp by 20.8% in the first quarter. Sterling Investment Advisors Ltd. now owns 5,800 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $147,000 after buying an additional 1,000 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Ullmann Financial Group Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of  Fifth Third Bancorp during the first quarter worth approximately $167,000. 80.47% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 
About Fifth Third Bancorp
Fifth Third Bancorp is a bank holding company and a financial holding company. The Company conducts its principal lending, deposit gathering, transaction processing and service advisory activities through its banking and non-banking subsidiaries from banking centers located throughout the Midwestern and Southeastern regions of the United States.



Receive News & Ratings for Fifth Third Bancorp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fifth Third Bancorp and related companies with Analyst Ratings Network's FREE daily email newsletter.



 










Nicole Kennedy 























 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Sirius XM Making Big Investment In Pandora





Tax Reform Not Going Quite As Planned





Western Digital Files Lawsuit To Halt Toshiba Chip Business Sale





Sinclair Broadcast Group Announces Deal For Tribune Media





Starbucks Has A Hit With Its Unicorn Frappuccino











			© Watch List News, LLC 2008-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Staff 
			| Contact 
















































BangaloreWeekly - Financial News










































Skip to content






BangaloreWeekly













 















The Bank of New York Mellon Corp Has $1.18 Million Position in XBiotech Inc. (XBIT)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. State Street Corp raised its position in XBiotech by 6.9% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 285,898 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $2,893,000 after buying an additional 18,352 shares during the period. Teachers Advisors LLC raised its position in XBiotech by 6.8% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 27,619 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $280,000 after buying an additional 1,759 shares during the period. Finally, Capital Impact…





The Shore Bancshares Inc (SHBI) Position Increased by Bank of New York Mellon Corp

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






A number of other hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in the stock. First Quadrant L P CA increased its stake in shares of Shore Bancshares by 58.6% in the first quarter. First Quadrant L P CA now owns 6,575 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $110,000 after buying an additional 2,430 shares during the last quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of Shore Bancshares by 11.4% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 15,531 shares of the bank’s stock valued…





The Global Medical REIT Inc (GMRE) Shares Bought by Bank of New York Mellon Corp

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






A number of other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of GMRE. Teachers Advisors LLC boosted its position in Global Medical REIT by 37.5% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 22,070 shares of the company’s stock valued at $197,000 after buying an additional 6,018 shares during the last quarter. Goodwin Daniel L boosted its position in Global Medical REIT by 19.3% in the first quarter. Goodwin Daniel L now owns 61,754 shares of the company’s stock valued at $560,000 after buying an additional 10,000 shares…





The UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Acquires 11,800 Shares of Osisko Gold Royalties Ltd (OR)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






A number of other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of OR. FMR LLC increased its position in Osisko Gold Royalties by 6.9% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 1,071,793 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $10,449,000 after buying an additional 68,900 shares during the period. Norges Bank acquired a new position in Osisko Gold Royalties during the fourth quarter valued at $5,290,000. Russell Investments Group Ltd. increased its position in Osisko Gold Royalties by 14.1% in the first quarter. Russell Investments Group…





The United Technologies Corporation (NYSE:UTX) Position Maintained by Tesco Pension Investment Ltd

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Several other large investors have also made changes to their positions in the stock. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in shares of United Technologies Corporation during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $740,872,000. Putnam Investments LLC raised its stake in shares of United Technologies Corporation by 248.3% in the fourth quarter. Putnam Investments LLC now owns 1,385,091 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $151,834,000 after buying an additional 987,378 shares during the last quarter. American Century Companies Inc. raised its stake in shares of United Technologies Corporation by…





The UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Purchases 12,124 Shares of Callaway Golf Company (NYSE:ELY)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






A number of other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of ELY. State of Alaska Department of Revenue boosted its position in Callaway Golf by 2.6% in the first quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue now owns 10,440 shares of the company’s stock valued at $115,000 after buying an additional 260 shares in the last quarter. First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. purchased a new position in Callaway Golf during the first quarter valued at about $169,000. Suntrust Banks Inc. boosted its position in Callaway Golf…





The Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) Shares Bought by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc.

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Several other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of SN. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new stake in shares of Sanchez Energy Corporation during the fourth quarter worth approximately $1,310,000. Guggenheim Capital LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Sanchez Energy Corporation during the fourth quarter worth approximately $260,000. AQR Capital Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Sanchez Energy Corporation by 215.0% in the fourth quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 41,209 shares of the energy producer’s stock worth $372,000 after buying an additional…





The Mizuho Securities USA Inc. Invests $4.93 Million in Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Several other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Norges Bank bought a new stake in shares of Gilead Sciences during the fourth quarter worth $997,048,000. Parnassus Investments CA raised its stake in shares of Gilead Sciences by 37.4% in the first quarter. Parnassus Investments CA now owns 16,726,150 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $1,110,228,000 after buying an additional 4,556,901 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its stake in shares of Gilead Sciences by 9.8% in the first…





The Digirad Corporation (NASDAQ:DRAD) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Friday

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Digirad Corporation (NASDAQ:DRAD) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Friday, April 28th. The medical equipment provider reported ($0.01) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.05 by $0.06. Digirad Corporation had a return on equity of 8.66% and a net margin of 0.50%. The firm had revenue of $29.08 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $31.80 million. On average, analysts expect Digirad Corporation to post $0.12 EPS for the current fiscal year and $0.23 EPS for the next fiscal year….





The Infinera Corporation (NASDAQ:INFN) Short Interest Update

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






A number of equities research analysts have recently issued reports on INFN shares. BidaskClub upgraded Infinera Corporation from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Wednesday, July 12th. Craig Hallum began coverage on Infinera Corporation in a research report on Tuesday, July 18th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $15.00 price objective for the company. ValuEngine upgraded Infinera Corporation from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, June 2nd. TheStreet lowered Infinera Corporation from a “c-”…





The Organovo Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:ONVO) Short Interest Down 7.2% in July

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Several large investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of Organovo Holdings by 32.8% in the first quarter. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. now owns 385,659 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,227,000 after buying an additional 95,177 shares during the period. KCG Holdings Inc. raised its stake in shares of Organovo Holdings by 139.3% in the first quarter. KCG Holdings Inc. now owns 144,501 shares of the company’s stock worth $460,000 after buying an additional 84,126 shares…





The Sanmina Corporation (NASDAQ:SANM) Shares Gap Down  Following Analyst Downgrade

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Several other research analysts also recently commented on the stock. Needham & Company LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $45.00 target price on shares of Sanmina Corporation in a report on Tuesday, April 25th. Bank of America Corporation reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $48.00 target price on shares of Sanmina Corporation in a report on Thursday, June 15th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the stock. Sanmina Corporation has an average rating of…





The Traders Purchase High Volume of Transocean Call Options (RIG)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Transocean (RIG) opened at 8.67 on Friday. The company’s 50-day moving average is $8.39 and its 200-day moving average is $11.39. Transocean has a 12 month low of $7.67 and a 12 month high of $16.66. The stock has a market capitalization of $3.39 billion, a P/E ratio of 5.21 and a beta of 1.67. Transocean Ltd. (NYSE:RIG) was the recipient of some unusual options trading activity on Tuesday. Traders purchased 47,393 call options on the company. This is an increase of 683% compared to the average daily volume of…





The Astec Industries, Inc. (ASTE)  Shares Down 0.3%  After Earnings Miss

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






The industrial products company reported $0.62 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.80 by $0.18. Astec Industries had a return on equity of 7.40% and a net margin of 4.08%. The firm had revenue of $301.90 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $314.31 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.79 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 2.5% compared to the same quarter last year. Astec Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ:ASTE) shares traded down…





The Vanguard Group Inc. Acquires 6,211,479 Shares of Whiting Petroleum Corporation (NYSE:WLL)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in WLL. Nationwide Fund Advisors boosted its position in shares of Whiting Petroleum Corporation by 14.7% in the first quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 44,517 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock worth $421,000 after buying an additional 5,717 shares during the period. Cypress Capital Management LLC WY boosted its position in shares of Whiting Petroleum Corporation by 3,660.0% in the first quarter. Cypress Capital Management LLC WY now owns 75,200 shares…





The Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) Shares Bought by Vanguard Group Inc.

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in MS. Kentucky Retirement Systems acquired a new position in shares of Morgan Stanley during the fourth quarter worth $4,421,000. M Holdings Securities Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Morgan Stanley during the fourth quarter worth $214,000. USA Financial Portformulas Corp acquired a new position in shares of Morgan Stanley during the fourth quarter worth $3,739,000. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. purchased a new position in Morgan Stanley during the fourth quarter valued…





The The Charles Schwab Corporation (NYSE:SCHW) Shares Bought by Meiji Yasuda Asset Management Co Ltd.

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund purchased a new position in The Charles Schwab Corporation during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $1,542,000. Kentucky Retirement Systems purchased a new position in The Charles Schwab Corporation during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $3,455,000. Teachers Advisors LLC boosted its position in The Charles Schwab Corporation by 9.1% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 1,806,057 shares of the financial services provider’s stock…





The Bank of New York Mellon Corp Buys 19,992 Shares of The Trade Desk Inc. (NASDAQ:TTD)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






A number of other hedge funds also recently bought and sold shares of TTD. Whittier Trust Co. acquired a new stake in shares of The Trade Desk during the first quarter worth $103,000. Nationwide Fund Advisors increased its stake in shares of The Trade Desk by 181.5% in the first quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 2,829 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $105,000 after buying an additional 1,824 shares during the last quarter. Strs Ohio increased its stake in shares of The Trade Desk by 100.0% in the…





The Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (NYSE:BMY) Stake Boosted by LS Investment Advisors LLC

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Sciencast Management LP acquired a new position in shares of Bristol-Myers Squibb during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $480,000. Seven Eight Capital LP acquired a new position in shares of Bristol-Myers Squibb during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $1,575,000. Ancora Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Bristol-Myers Squibb by 18.6% in the fourth quarter. Ancora Advisors LLC now owns 102,513 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at…





The International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) Stake Decreased by Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Several other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Capital Investment Advisory Services LLC raised its position in shares of International Business Machines Corporation by 4.6% in the first quarter. Capital Investment Advisory Services LLC now owns 3,772 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $657,000 after buying an additional 165 shares in the last quarter. Rhumbline Advisers raised its position in shares of International Business Machines Corporation by 1.1% in the first quarter. Rhumbline Advisers now owns 1,514,893 shares of the technology company’s stock…





The Schlumberger N.V. (NYSE:SLB) Shares Bought by Girard Partners LTD.

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Dodge & Cox bought a new position in Schlumberger N.V. during the fourth quarter worth about $3,954,205,000. Norges Bank bought a new position in Schlumberger N.V. during the fourth quarter worth about $1,178,888,000. Franklin Resources Inc. boosted its position in Schlumberger N.V. by 2.2% in the fourth quarter. Franklin Resources Inc. now owns 10,661,161 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $895,009,000 after buying an additional 233,138 shares during the period. American Century Companies…





The Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. Has $938,000 Stake in Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Whittier Trust Co. boosted its position in shares of Abbott Laboratories by 1.7% in the first quarter. Whittier Trust Co. now owns 401,048 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock worth $17,807,000 after buying an additional 6,751 shares in the last quarter. Marshwinds Advisory Co. boosted its position in shares of Abbott Laboratories by 118.2% in the first quarter. Marshwinds Advisory Co. now owns 66,576 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock worth $2,957,000 after buying an additional 36,069…





The Exact Sciences Corporation (EXAS) Reaches New 52-Week High on Better-Than-Expected Earnings

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






The medical research company reported ($0.27) earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.37) by $0.10. Exact Sciences Corporation had a negative return on equity of 41.91% and a negative net margin of 83.08%. The company had revenue of $57.65 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $47.73 million. Exact Sciences Corporation (NASDAQ:EXAS)’s share price reached a new 52-week high on Wednesday after the company announced better than expected quarterly earnings. The stock traded as high as $40.87 and last traded at $40.94,…





The Bank of New York Mellon Corp Boosts Position in Eros International PLC (NYSE:EROS)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Separately, State Street Corp raised its stake in Eros International PLC by 3.8% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 471,850 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,157,000 after buying an additional 17,405 shares during the period. 66.89% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its stake in shares of Eros International PLC (NYSE:EROS) by 3.4% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 119,483 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional…





The Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Decreases Stake in Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMY)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Several other large investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. American National Bank boosted its stake in Bristol-Myers Squibb by 36.0% in the first quarter. American National Bank now owns 1,919 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $104,000 after buying an additional 508 shares during the last quarter. Welch Investments LLC boosted its stake in Bristol-Myers Squibb by 3.9% in the first quarter. Welch Investments LLC now owns 2,109 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $115,000 after buying an additional 79 shares during the…





The Oracle Corporation (ORCL) Stake Maintained by Tesco Pension Investment Ltd

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Reilly Financial Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Oracle Corporation by 8.7% in the first quarter. Reilly Financial Advisors LLC now owns 2,503 shares of the enterprise software provider’s stock worth $112,000 after buying an additional 200 shares during the period. Gradient Investments LLC boosted its position in shares of Oracle Corporation by 79.9% in the first quarter. Gradient Investments LLC now owns 2,548 shares of the enterprise software provider’s stock…





The Bank of New York Mellon Corp Buys 9,575 Shares of Pacific Ethanol Inc (PEIX)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. DnB Asset Management AS raised its position in Pacific Ethanol by 28.8% in the first quarter. DnB Asset Management AS now owns 1,682,039 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $11,522,000 after buying an additional 375,901 shares during the period. Boston Partners raised its position in Pacific Ethanol by 141.7% in the first quarter. Boston Partners now owns 1,507,400 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $10,325,000 after buying an…





The Ray Gerald L & Associates Ltd. Continues to Hold Stake in Altria Group (MO)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Several other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in MO. Canada Pension Plan Investment Board raised its position in shares of Altria Group by 23.8% in the first quarter. Canada Pension Plan Investment Board now owns 3,799,398 shares of the company’s stock worth $271,353,000 after buying an additional 730,600 shares during the period. Putnam Investments LLC raised its position in shares of Altria Group by 186.6% in the fourth quarter. Putnam Investments LLC now owns 3,473,614 shares of the company’s stock worth $234,886,000 after buying an additional…





The Amgen Inc. (AMGN) Position Boosted by Dumont & Blake Investment Advisors LLC

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of AMGN. Ancora Advisors LLC increased its stake in Amgen by 48.3% in the fourth quarter. Ancora Advisors LLC now owns 7,239 shares of the medical research company’s stock valued at $1,058,000 after buying an additional 2,359 shares during the period. Focused Wealth Management Inc increased its stake in Amgen by 248.0% in the fourth quarter. Focused Wealth Management Inc now owns 870 shares of the medical research company’s stock valued at $127,000 after buying…





The Orchid Island Capital, Inc. (ORC) Position Boosted by Bank of New York Mellon Corp

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Several other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC boosted its stake in Orchid Island Capital by 1.8% in the first quarter. Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC now owns 11,398 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $114,000 after buying an additional 205 shares during the last quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC boosted its stake in Orchid Island Capital by 44.3% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 43,027 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock…





The Security Asset Management Sells 180 Shares of Philip Morris International Inc (PM)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






A number of other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in PM. Migdal Insurance & Financial Holdings Ltd. acquired a new stake in Philip Morris International during the fourth quarter valued at about $106,000. Gradient Investments LLC increased its stake in Philip Morris International by 76.1% in the first quarter. Gradient Investments LLC now owns 986 shares of the company’s stock valued at $111,000 after buying an additional 426 shares in the last quarter. Welch Investments LLC acquired a new stake in Philip Morris International during…





The Bank of New York Mellon Corp Raises Stake in NeoPhotonics Corporation (NYSE:NPTN)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Several other hedge funds have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Fox Run Management L.L.C. bought a new position in NeoPhotonics Corporation during the first quarter worth $278,000. Teachers Advisors LLC boosted its position in NeoPhotonics Corporation by 1.7% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 52,939 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock worth $572,000 after buying an additional 874 shares in the last quarter. Pier 88 Investment Partners LLC boosted its position in NeoPhotonics Corporation by 64.2% in the first quarter. Pier 88 Investment Partners…





The UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Reduces Stake in The Andersons, Inc. (NASDAQ:ANDE)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. State of Alaska Department of Revenue increased its stake in shares of The Andersons by 1.8% in the first quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue now owns 2,890 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $109,000 after buying an additional 50 shares during the period. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System increased its stake in shares of The Andersons by 1.9% in the first quarter. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System now…





The UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Boosts Stake in Amicus Therapeutics, Inc. (FOLD)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Several other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of FOLD. Princeton Alpha Management LP bought a new position in shares of Amicus Therapeutics during the first quarter worth approximately $106,000. Creative Planning raised its position in shares of Amicus Therapeutics by 56.2% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 16,400 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $117,000 after buying an additional 5,900 shares during the period. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. bought a new position in shares of Amicus Therapeutics during the first quarter worth approximately $136,000. Berson…





The Extreme Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ:EXTR) Shares Bought by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc.

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Hennessy Advisors Inc. bought a new position in shares of Extreme Networks during the first quarter worth about $5,159,000. James Investment Research Inc. bought a new position in shares of Extreme Networks during the first quarter worth about $3,169,000. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its position in shares of Extreme Networks by 75.7% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 761,018 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $5,716,000 after…





The UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $336,000 Stake in Brooks Automation, Inc. (NASDAQ:BRKS)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. First Mercantile Trust Co. raised its position in Brooks Automation by 26.2% in the first quarter. First Mercantile Trust Co. now owns 7,065 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock valued at $158,000 after buying an additional 1,465 shares in the last quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue raised its position in Brooks Automation by 3.2% in the first quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue now owns 7,670…





The UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Increases Position in Etsy, Inc. (ETSY)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Several other hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in ETSY. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its stake in shares of Etsy by 70.6% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 1,533,634 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock worth $16,303,000 after buying an additional 634,855 shares during the period. State Street Corp raised its stake in shares of Etsy by 33.7% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 2,226,805 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock worth $26,228,000 after buying an additional…





The LLBH Private Wealth Management LLC Boosts Stake in Bank of America Corporation (BAC)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






A number of other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in BAC. Capital Management Corp VA raised its position in Bank of America Corporation by 0.3% in the first quarter. Capital Management Corp VA now owns 10,352 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $244,000 after buying an additional 33 shares during the last quarter. Welch Group LLC raised its position in Bank of America Corporation by 0.4% in the first quarter. Welch Group LLC now owns 10,035 shares of the financial services provider’s…





The Financial Select Sector SPDR Fund Sees Unusually High Options Volume (NYSE:XLF)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of XLF. Klingenstein Fields & Co. LLC boosted its position in Financial Select Sector SPDR Fund by 4.8% in the second quarter. Klingenstein Fields & Co. LLC now owns 17,922 shares of the exchange traded fund’s stock valued at $442,000 after buying an additional 822 shares in the last quarter. Moloney Securities Asset Management LLC boosted its position in Financial Select Sector SPDR Fund by 17.0% in the second quarter. Moloney Securities Asset Management LLC…





The Short Interest in DURECT Corporation (DRRX) Declines By 30.1%

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Several research firms have weighed in on DRRX. HC Wainwright restated a “buy” rating and issued a $3.00 price objective on shares of DURECT Corporation in a research report on Monday, May 22nd. Stifel Nicolaus upgraded shares of DURECT Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and raised their price objective for the company from $1.25 to $3.00 in a research report on Wednesday, July 12th. DURECT Corporation (NASDAQ:DRRX) was the recipient of a large drop in short interest in July. As of July 14th, there was short…





The Enterprise Products Partners L.P. Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (NYSE:EPD)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






A number of institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors LP raised its position in shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 3.3% in the first quarter. Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors LP now owns 32,686,057 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock worth $902,446,000 after buying an additional 1,044,310 shares during the period. Fayez Sarofim & Co raised its position in shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 0.6% in the first quarter. Fayez Sarofim & Co now owns 19,083,792 shares of…





The Investors Purchase Large Volume of Call Options on iShares FTSE/Xinhua China 25 Index (NYSE:FXI)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can raised its stake in iShares FTSE/Xinhua China 25 Index by 0.6% in the second quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can now owns 158,988 shares of the exchange traded fund’s stock worth $6,302,000 after buying an additional 900 shares during the last quarter. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC raised its stake in iShares FTSE/Xinhua China 25 Index by 14.9% in the second quarter. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC now owns 8,541 shares of…





The AK Steel Holding Corporation (AKS) Shares Gap Up  on Strong Earnings

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






The basic materials company reported $0.19 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.13 by $0.06. The business had revenue of $1.56 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.55 billion. AK Steel Holding Corporation had a return on equity of 735.25% and a net margin of 1.88%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 4.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.08 EPS. AK Steel Holding Corporation (NYSE:AKS)’s share…





The Legg Mason, Inc. (NYSE:LM) Shares Bought by Vanguard Group Inc.

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in LM. Puplava Financial Services Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Legg Mason during the first quarter worth $3,570,000. Raymond James Trust N.A. boosted its position in shares of Legg Mason by 2.0% in the first quarter. Raymond James Trust N.A. now owns 13,752 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $497,000 after buying an additional 271 shares during the period. Highbridge Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of Legg…





The Meiji Yasuda Asset Management Co Ltd. Has $361,000 Stake in Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in APD. Teachers Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Air Products and Chemicals by 14.9% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 362,756 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $52,172,000 after buying an additional 46,979 shares during the period. Pegasus Partners Ltd. boosted its position in shares of Air Products and Chemicals by 3.5% in the fourth quarter. Pegasus Partners Ltd. now owns 5,809 shares of the basic materials…





The Vanguard Group Inc. Boosts Position in Genpact Limited (NYSE:G)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC purchased a new position in Genpact Limited during the first quarter valued at approximately $404,000. First Mercantile Trust Co. boosted its position in shares of Genpact Limited by 8.6% in the first quarter. First Mercantile Trust Co. now owns 19,697 shares of the business services provider’s stock valued at $488,000 after buying an additional 1,557 shares during the last quarter. First Quadrant L P CA boosted its position in…





The Apollo Global Management, LLC (APO) Reaches New 52-Week High Following Insider Buying Activity

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Specifically, major shareholder Tiger Global Management Llc bought 56,200 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, July 26th. The stock was acquired at an average price of $27.96 per share, with a total value of $1,571,352.00. The acquisition was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, CFO Martin Kelly sold 10,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $26.77, for a total transaction of…





The First Bancorp (FBNC) Reaches New 12-Month High After Better-Than-Expected Earnings

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






The financial services provider reported $0.45 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.43 by $0.02. First Bancorp had a net margin of 17.52% and a return on equity of 8.23%. The firm had revenue of $51.79 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $49.49 million. First Bancorp (NASDAQ:FBNC)’s share price reached a new 52-week high on Wednesday after the company announced better than expected quarterly earnings. The company traded as high as $32.52 and last traded at $32.56, with a…





The Houston Wire & Cable Company (NASDAQ:HWCC) Shares Sold by Bank of New York Mellon Corp

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Russell Investments Group Ltd. raised its position in Houston Wire & Cable by 11.0% in the first quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. now owns 18,872 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $127,000 after buying an additional 1,872 shares in the last quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC raised its position in Houston Wire & Cable by 4.9% in the first quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 90,493 shares of the industrial products…





The JAKKS Pacific, Inc. (NASDAQ:JAKK) Shares Bought by Bank of New York Mellon Corp

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






A number of other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in JAKK. State Street Corp increased its stake in JAKKS Pacific by 2.4% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 287,571 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,480,000 after buying an additional 6,662 shares in the last quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC increased its stake in JAKKS Pacific by 7.6% in the fourth quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 109,063 shares of the company’s stock valued at $562,000 after buying an additional…





The Visa Inc. (NYSE:V) Shares Sold by Boston Partners

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






A number of other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of V. Intact Investment Management Inc. raised its position in Visa by 242.6% in the fourth quarter. Intact Investment Management Inc. now owns 20,900 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock valued at $1,634,000 after buying an additional 14,800 shares in the last quarter. Roundview Capital LLC raised its position in Visa by 1.3% in the fourth quarter. Roundview Capital LLC now owns 9,109 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock valued at $711,000 after buying an additional 120 shares in…





The Bank of New York Mellon Corp Buys 2,340 Shares of Northrim BanCorp Inc (NRIM)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Several other large investors also recently modified their holdings of NRIM. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its stake in shares of Northrim BanCorp by 2.3% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 479,106 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $15,140,000 after buying an additional 10,819 shares during the period. Renaissance Technologies LLC boosted its stake in shares of Northrim BanCorp by 25.8% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 117,600 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $3,716,000 after buying…





The Dominion Midstream Partners, LP (DM) Position Increased by Bank of New York Mellon Corp

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Several other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in DM. Advisory Services Network LLC acquired a new position in shares of Dominion Midstream Partners, during the first quarter worth about $187,000. Hollencrest Securities LLC acquired a new position in shares of Dominion Midstream Partners, during the first quarter worth about $300,000. Linscomb & Williams Inc. raised its position in shares of Dominion Midstream Partners, by 26.8% in the first quarter. Linscomb & Williams Inc. now owns 13,144 shares of the pipeline company’s stock worth $420,000 after buying…





The Bank of New York Mellon Corp Increases Position in The Rubicon Project, Inc. (NYSE:RUBI)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Several other hedge funds have also recently modified their holdings of RUBI. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in shares of The Rubicon Project during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $7,260,000. LSV Asset Management increased its stake in shares of The Rubicon Project by 59.9% in the first quarter. LSV Asset Management now owns 735,924 shares of the software maker’s stock valued at $4,334,000 after buying an additional 275,724 shares in the last quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC increased its stake in shares of The Rubicon Project by 180.3%…





The Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Raises Stake in United Technologies Corporation (UTX)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






A number of other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in United Technologies Corporation during the fourth quarter valued at $740,872,000. Putnam Investments LLC boosted its stake in United Technologies Corporation by 248.3% in the fourth quarter. Putnam Investments LLC now owns 1,385,091 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $151,834,000 after buying an additional 987,378 shares during the last quarter. American Century Companies Inc. boosted its stake in United Technologies Corporation by 15.8% in the…





The Tesco Pension Investment Ltd Has $100,783,000 Position in United Technologies Corporation (UTX)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc. boosted its stake in shares of United Technologies Corporation by 14.3% in the first quarter. Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc. now owns 999 shares of the conglomerate’s stock worth $112,000 after buying an additional 125 shares during the period. Tortoise Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of United Technologies Corporation by 2.7% in the fourth quarter. Tortoise Investment Management LLC now owns 1,031 shares of the conglomerate’s stock worth $113,000…





The UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Acquires 12,124 Shares of Callaway Golf Company (ELY)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






A number of other hedge funds have also added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in Callaway Golf during the fourth quarter valued at $12,313,000. Monarch Partners Asset Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of Callaway Golf during the first quarter valued at about $4,209,000. Thomson Horstmann & Bryant Inc. increased its position in shares of Callaway Golf by 42.3% in the first quarter. Thomson Horstmann & Bryant Inc. now owns 1,221,384 shares of the company’s stock valued at $13,520,000…





The UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $336,000 Stake in Scientific Games Corp (NASDAQ:SGMS)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






A number of other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in SGMS. Comerica Bank increased its stake in shares of Scientific Games Corp by 4.7% in the first quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 48,367 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $1,108,000 after buying an additional 2,153 shares during the last quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA raised its position in shares of Scientific Games Corp by 1,714.7% in the first quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA now owns 210,690 shares of the technology company’s stock worth…





The Kite Pharma, Inc. (NASDAQ:KITE) Upgraded to Strong-Buy by Vetr Inc.

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Several other research firms have also recently issued reports on KITE. Canaccord Genuity set a $115.00 target price on Kite Pharma and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, July 10th. Jefferies Group LLC boosted their target price on Kite Pharma from $101.00 to $121.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, July 10th. Maxim Group cut Kite Pharma from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $88.00 target price on the stock. in a research…





The Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd (NYSE:RDY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






According to Zacks, “Dr. Reddy’s enjoys a strong position in the generics market. The company is also working with Merck Serono to develop and commercialize a portfolio of biosimilar compounds in oncology, primarily focused on MAbs. Dr. Reddy’s efforts to create a strong position in the biosimilar market are laudable. However, Dr. Reddy’s top-line is under pressure due to continuous price increases, plus supply constraints impacting the North America Generics business. Sales are declining in North America mainly due to stiff competition for valganciclovir, decitabine and azacitidine, coupled with discontinuation…





The Sunrun Inc. (NASDAQ:RUN) Upgraded by ValuEngine to Strong-Buy

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






A number of other brokerages have also recently issued reports on RUN. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) set a $10.00 target price on shares of Sunrun and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, June 20th. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a $10.00 target price on shares of Sunrun in a report on Monday, March 13th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Sunrun from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Saturday, March 11th. Barclays PLC reaffirmed an…





The Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Hold Rating for Goldcorp Inc. (NYSE:GG)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Several other equities analysts also recently issued reports on GG. BidaskClub downgraded Goldcorp from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research report on Saturday, June 17th. Royal Bank Of Canada raised Goldcorp from an “underperform” rating to a “sector perform” rating and upped their target price for the company from $15.00 to $17.00 in a research report on Thursday, March 16th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Raymond James Financial, Inc. reissued a “market perform” rating and issued a $17.00 target price on…





The PICTET BANK & TRUST Ltd Sells 1,990 Shares of EOG Resources, Inc. (NYSE:EOG)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






A number of other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC boosted its stake in EOG Resources by 60.0% in the first quarter. Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC now owns 1,069 shares of the energy exploration company’s stock worth $104,000 after buying an additional 401 shares during the period. Advantage Investment Management LLC boosted its position in EOG Resources by 16.6% in the first quarter. Advantage Investment Management LLC now owns 1,080 shares of the energy exploration company’s…





The Mission Wealth Management LLC Maintains Stake in Baxter International Inc. (NYSE:BAX)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Several other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. bought a new position in Baxter International during the first quarter valued at approximately $365,000. Hermes Investment Management Ltd. boosted its position in Baxter International by 4,510.9% in the first quarter. Hermes Investment Management Ltd. now owns 882,074 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock valued at $45,744,000 after buying an additional 862,944 shares during the last quarter. Sivik Global Healthcare LLC bought a new position in Baxter…





The Nokia Corporation (NYSE:NOK) Rating Lowered to Buy at Vetr Inc.

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Other analysts have also recently issued research reports about the stock. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Nokia Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, July 17th. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Nokia Corporation in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. BMO Capital Markets reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of Nokia Corporation in a research note on Friday, June 16th. Canaccord Genuity reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $6.00 price objective on shares…





The Kronos Worldwide Inc (KRO) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.42 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Kronos Worldwide (NYSE:KRO) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Monday, May 8th. The specialty chemicals company reported $0.32 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.24 by $0.08. Kronos Worldwide had a return on equity of 18.70% and a net margin of 5.93%. The firm had revenue of $369.80 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $350 million. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted ($0.03) earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 16.1% on…





The Brokers Set Expectations for Equitable Group Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (TSE:EQB)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






A number of other research analysts have also recently issued reports on the company. TD Securities cut their price target on Equitable Group from C$80.00 to C$68.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a report on Thursday, April 27th. Royal Bank Of Canada cut their price target on Equitable Group from C$70.00 to C$53.00 and set a “sector perform” rating for the company in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Finally, Scotiabank cut their price target on Equitable Group from C$71.00 to C$61.00 and set a “sector…





The Cineworld Group plc (CINE) Receives GBX 758.89 Consensus PT from Brokerages

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






A number of research firms have recently weighed in on CINE. Numis Securities Ltd reissued a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 750 ($9.77) price target on shares of Cineworld Group plc in a report on Thursday, May 18th. Investec lifted their price objective on Cineworld Group plc from GBX 725 ($9.45) to GBX 825 ($10.75) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, May 18th. Peel Hunt lifted their price objective on Cineworld Group plc from GBX 675 ($8.79) to GBX 775 ($10.10) and…





The Novartis AG (NYSE:NVS) Shares Bought by Hartland & Co. LLC

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Howe & Rusling Inc. boosted its stake in Novartis AG by 192.2% in the first quarter. Howe & Rusling Inc. now owns 1,341 shares of the company’s stock worth $100,000 after buying an additional 882 shares during the last quarter. TCI Wealth Advisors Inc. boosted its stake in Novartis AG by 20.0% in the first quarter. TCI Wealth Advisors Inc. now owns 1,381 shares of the company’s stock worth $103,000 after buying an additional 230 shares during the last…





The Lannett Co Inc (LCI) Receives $28.60 Consensus PT from Analysts

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Several research analysts have weighed in on LCI shares. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Lannett Co from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 5th. BMO Capital Markets assumed coverage on Lannett Co in a report on Monday, May 1st. They issued a “market perform” rating and a $29.00 price target for the company. Robert W. Baird reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $18.00 price target on shares of Lannett Co in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Roth Capital set a $27.00…





The Zacks: Xcel Brands, Inc (XELB) Receives Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” from Brokerages

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Brokers have set a 12 month consensus price target of $6.80 for the company and are expecting that the company will post $0.09 earnings per share for the current quarter, according to Zacks. Zacks has also given Xcel Brands an industry rank of 232 out of 265 based on the ratings given to its competitors. Shares of Xcel Brands, Inc (NASDAQ:XELB) have earned a consensus broker rating score of 1.00 (Strong Buy) from the one analysts that cover the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports. One equities research analyst has rated…





The Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Xtreme Drilling Corp’s Q4 2017 Earnings (TSE:XDC)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Separately, Seaport Global Securities lowered Xtreme Drilling Corp from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, June 21st. Xtreme Drilling Corp (TSE:XDC) – Equities research analysts at National Bank Financial cut their Q4 2017 EPS estimates for shares of Xtreme Drilling Corp in a note issued to investors on Thursday. National Bank Financial analyst G. Colman now forecasts that the company will earn ($0.01) per share for the quarter, down from their previous estimate of $0.01. Xtreme Drilling Corp (XDC) opened at 2.22 on…





The Hersha Hospitality Trust (NYSE:HT) Position Raised by Legal & General Group Plc

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






A number of other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in HT. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can increased its stake in shares of Hersha Hospitality Trust by 322.5% in the first quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can now owns 105,308 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $1,979,000 after buying an additional 80,382 shares in the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its stake in shares of Hersha Hospitality Trust by 19.5% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN…





The CNX Coal Resources LP (NYSE:CNXC) Lowered to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






According to Zacks, “CNX Coal Resources LP is engaged in production of thermal coal. It manages and develops CONSOL Energy’s active thermal coal operations primarily in Pennsylvania. The company sells its coal to electric utilities. CNX Coal Resources LP is based in CANONSBURG, United States. “ CNX Coal Resources LP (NYSE:CNXC) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research note issued on Tuesday, July 4th. Separately, Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $20.00 target price on…





The California Public Employees Retirement System Purchases 800 Shares of Aaron’s,  Inc. (AAN)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Several other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in AAN. Teachers Advisors LLC boosted its position in Aaron’s, by 14.5% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 453,416 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,505,000 after buying an additional 57,440 shares during the period. Hancock Holding Co. boosted its position in Aaron’s, by 18.9% in the first quarter. Hancock Holding Co. now owns 314,600 shares of the company’s stock worth $9,356,000 after buying an additional 50,000 shares during the period. Guggenheim Capital LLC boosted…





The PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Reduces Stake in Regal Beloit Corporation (NYSE:RBC)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in RBC. Nisa Investment Advisors LLC increased its position in Regal Beloit Corporation by 119.0% in the first quarter. Nisa Investment Advisors LLC now owns 4,600 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $348,000 after buying an additional 2,500 shares in the last quarter. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System increased its position in Regal Beloit Corporation by 1.8% in the first quarter. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System now owns 11,300 shares of the…





The South State Corp Has $7.20 Million Stake in The Kraft Heinz Company (KHC)

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






A number of other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC raised its stake in shares of The Kraft Heinz by 76.0% in the first quarter. Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC now owns 120,557 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,948,000 after buying an additional 52,066 shares during the period. Family Legacy Inc. purchased a new position in The Kraft Heinz during the first quarter valued at approximately $458,000. Compton Capital Management Inc. RI purchased a…





The Pfizer, Inc. (NYSE:PFE) Earns “Hold” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Several other equities analysts also recently issued reports on PFE. Sanford C. Bernstein reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $35.00 target price on shares of Pfizer in a research report on Monday, April 24th. Societe Generale reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a $36.00 target price on shares of Pfizer in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. BidaskClub lowered shares of Pfizer from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a report on Thursday, July 13th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Pfizer from a “sell”…





The EOG Resources, Inc. (NYSE:EOG) Stake Held by Golub Group LLC

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Several other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC raised its stake in EOG Resources by 60.0% in the first quarter. Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC now owns 1,069 shares of the energy exploration company’s stock valued at $104,000 after buying an additional 401 shares during the period. Advantage Investment Management LLC raised its stake in EOG Resources by 16.6% in the first quarter. Advantage Investment Management LLC now owns 1,080 shares of the energy exploration company’s stock valued…





The EOG Resources, Inc. (NYSE:EOG) Shares Sold by Cypress Asset Management Inc. TX

July 28, 2017 Ivanka Thompson 






Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the stock. Clough Capital Partners L P boosted its position in shares of EOG Resources by 10.6% in the fourth quarter. Clough Capital Partners L P now owns 306,889 shares of the energy exploration company’s stock worth $31,026,000 after buying an additional 29,289 shares in the last quarter. Boothbay Fund Management LLC bought a new stake in EOG Resources during the fourth quarter worth about $210,000. Cigna Investments Inc. New bought a new stake in…








 

  Recent Posts 

The Bank of New York Mellon Corp Has $1.18 Million Position in XBiotech Inc. (XBIT)


The Shore Bancshares Inc (SHBI) Position Increased by Bank of New York Mellon Corp


The Global Medical REIT Inc (GMRE) Shares Bought by Bank of New York Mellon Corp


The UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Acquires 11,800 Shares of Osisko Gold Royalties Ltd (OR)


The United Technologies Corporation (NYSE:UTX) Position Maintained by Tesco Pension Investment Ltd


 











