



What it's like to travel with Remote Year - Business Insider




































 





 




































































































Careers























BI Intelligence
Events


 


















                                Trending                            



                                Tech Insider                            



                                Finance                            



                                Politics                            



                                Strategy                            



                                Life                            



                                Sports                            



                                Video                            



                                All                            






















 








×








From





To





 











          You have successfully emailed the post.
        






This 32-year-old left his life and career behind to work remotely while traveling the world — and help others do the same












Business Insider
 






Dec. 23, 2016, 12:00 PM



49,871















facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print





 






What life is like as a digital nomad, according to Charles Du.Charles Du / Mike Chino
Charles Du left his career as an award-winning product manager in Los Angeles to travel the world.
But that doesn't mean he stopped working.
Now, the 32-year-old, who has designed apps for NASA and Ticketmaster, teaches other people how to follow in his footsteps. He's become a "digital nomad" who works everywhere from Portugal to Peru.
Through trial and error, Du has figured out how to make this unique lifestyle work for him. Here's how he does it: 

 View As:
                                One Page
Slides










Before committing to life as a digital nomad, Du experimented with working remotely.
Du jumping into Lake Titicaca from an ancient boat made of straw.Mike Chino
First, he went to Costa Rica and Colombia, and then he made a separate trip to Chile.
"The first experiment failed," Du says. "I joined a surf camp in Costa Rica and did all this adventurous stuff in Colombia. I did a lot of playing but didn't get a lot of work done."
The second time around was much more successful after he found a coworking space in Chile. "Being surrounded by a community of people working helped him be more productive," he says. It gave him the confidence to take a longer trip.





Once he figured out how to work and travel at the same time, he signed up for a yearlong program to help him do it.
Du exploring an abandoned train yard in Cordoba, Argentina.Mike Chino
That yearlong program is Remote Year, which invites 75 professionals to work in 12 countries around the world. Du plans to continue traveling after it ends.
"I felt like I was plateauing," Du says. "But when I travel, I have these growth spurts. I wanted to travel for long periods in a sustainable way, and the answer was to create my own online business."





Du's passion for technology helps him adapt on the road.
Taking a break while hiking at Mount Fitz Roy in El Chaltén, Argentina.Matt Levin
Du considers himself a digital nomad. "I've always been an early adapter," he says.
He relies on video chatting, Slack, WhatsApp, and other tools to schedule meetings, stay organized, and keep in touch with clients.
"These tools help me communicate in ways there weren't possible just a few years ago."





No matter where he is, he tries to follow the same routine to stay grounded.
Du making a furry friend during a road trip from Bolivia to Peru.Max Steinman
Remote Year members pack up every month and move to a new city. Although housing and a workspace are provided, members have to establish new routines. 
Regardless of where Du is — Hungary, Portugal, Peru — he tries to stick to the same schedule: waking up when the sun rises, making his favorite "Nomad Charles" breakfast (two medium-boiled eggs and salad), meditating, and then working for a few hours. After lunch, he naps and then works some more before exercising.





Du has made friends from all over the world.
Hiking Rainbow Mountain in Peru.Charles Du"One of the coolest things about Remote Year is getting to meet interesting people who think differently," he says, referring to the time he gave a talk in London and befriended two attendees. "Within 48 hours, I went from a stranger to a friend to a wedding guest."





He does miss home from time to time.
Meditating at Mount Fitz Roy in Patagonia.Matt Levin
"When you're traveling for long periods, it can get lonely," says Du. "For the first few months of Remote Year, I think I had homesickness but didn't recognize it."
To help alleviate this, he calls his parents every week and posts his travel schedule so that friends can visit and stay with him when they travel.





"Nomad Charles" is dedicated to growing his business of helping people work from anywhere.
Enjoying the view in Coroico, Bolivia.Charles Du / Adam Mann
By creating online video courses — for aspiring product managers (Product Charles) and people who want to work remotely (Nomad Charles) — offering career coaching, and leading in-person workshops, Du hopes to empower other people to land the career of their dreams, at home or abroad.
"I think we're going to see more people who want to become digital nomads," Du says. "Many people's careers are evolving into location-independent roles."







SEE ALSO: A woman who quit her job as an investment banker now earns just as much traveling the world on her own






            More:

                                                        Features
Travel
Digital Nomad
Remote Year











facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print














×





                    Recommended For You
        
        
Powered by Sailthru





























This 32-year-old left his life and career behind to work remotely while traveling the world — and help others do the same
This 32-year-old left his life and career behind to work remotely while traveling the world — and help others do the same

Charles Du left his career as an award-winning...

 
















Recommended For You







 














Disclaimer




























Featured






Apple is lagging the market as iPhone 8 woes mount


More "The Bottom Line" » 






Here's how much you need to save for college every year depending on when you start


More "Year by Year" » 




 





Careers Emails & Alerts
            
Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day.
Sign-Up







Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital


 
 
Read Business Insider On The Go
Available on iOS or Android
  







Find A Job




Tech Jobs


C-Level Jobs




Media Jobs


Design Jobs




Finance Jobs


Sales Jobs




See All Jobs »





Thanks to our partners






























Follow us on:












Also check out:






* Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our
                                                                Terms of Service                                and
                                                                                                Privacy Policy.

Disclaimer
Commerce Policy
Made in NYC




Stock quotes by finanzen.net



International Editions:
UKDEAUSINMYSGPLSENLFRITJP 



































The Wal-Mart You Don’t Know











Fast CompanyNewsletterSubscribefast companyhomepagetechnologyleadershipentertainmentideasvideonewsco.Designhomepagecitiesgraphicsinnovation by designinteractiveproductspacescollectionsThe Most Innovative CompaniesThe top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more.Most Creative PeopleMeet this year's inspiring leaders.Innovation By DesignA showcase for ingenious design solutions.Future of PhilanthropyInside The Changing World Of GivingWorld Changing IdeasNew workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system.Work SmartThe apps, tips, tactics, and brain hacks to help you work smarter instead of harder.FastCo.Works StudioAn award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers who tell brand stories through Fast Company’s distinctive lens.Current IssueCurrent IssueSUBSCRIBEFollow us:advertisementadvertisement12.01.03 The Wal-Mart You Don’t KnowThe giant retailer’s low prices often come with a high cost. Wal-Mart’s relentless pressure can crush the companies it does business with and force them to send jobs overseas. Are we shopping our way straight to the unemployment line?
By Charles Fishmanlong ReadA gallon-sized jar of whole pickles is something to behold. The jar is the size of a small aquarium. The fat green pickles, floating in swampy juice, look reptilian, their shapes exaggerated by the glass. It weighs 12 pounds, too big to carry with one hand. The gallon jar of pickles is a display of abundance and excess; it is entrancing, and also vaguely unsettling. This is the product that Wal-Mart fell in love with: Vlasic’s gallon jar of pickles.advertisementWal-Mart priced it at $2.97–a year’s supply of pickles for less than $3! “They were using it as a ‘statement’ item,” says Pat Hunn, who calls himself the “mad scientist” of Vlasic’s gallon jar. “Wal-Mart was putting it before consumers, saying, This represents what Wal-Mart’s about. You can buy a stinkin’ gallon of pickles for $2.97. And it’s the nation’s number-one brand.”Therein lies the basic conundrum of doing business with the world’s largest retailer. By selling a gallon of kosher dills for less than most grocers sell a quart, Wal-Mart may have provided a ser-vice for its customers. But what did it do for Vlasic? The pickle maker had spent decades convincing customers that they should pay a premium for its brand. Now Wal-Mart was practically giving them away. And the fevered buying spree that resulted distorted every aspect of Vlasic’s operations, from farm field to factory to financial statement.Indeed, as Vlasic discovered, the real story of Wal-Mart, the story that never gets told, is the story of the pressure the biggest retailer relentlessly applies to its suppliers in the name of bringing us “every day low prices.” It’s the story of what that pressure does to the companies Wal-Mart does business with, to U.S. manufacturing, and to the economy as a whole. That story can be found floating in a gallon jar of pickles at Wal-Mart.Wal-Mart is not just the world’s largest retailer. It’s the world’s largest company–bigger than ExxonMobil, General Motors, and General Electric. The scale can be hard to absorb. Wal-Mart sold $244.5 billion worth of goods last year. It sells in three months whatnumber-two retailer Home Depot sells in a year. And in its own category of general merchandise and groceries, Wal-Mart no longer has any real rivals. It does more business than Target, Sears, Kmart, J.C. Penney, Safeway, and Kroger combined. “Clearly,” says Edward Fox, head of Southern Methodist University’s J.C. Penney Center for Retailing Excellence, “Wal-Mart is more powerful than any retailer has ever been.” It is, in fact, so big and so furtively powerful as to have become an entirely different order of corporate being.Wal-Mart wields its power for just one purpose: to bring the lowest possible prices to its customers. At Wal-Mart, that goal is never reached. The retailer has a clear policy for suppliers: On basic products that don’t change, the price Wal-Mart will pay, and will charge shoppers, must drop year after year. But what almost no one outside the world of Wal-Mart and its 21,000 suppliers knows is the high cost of those low prices. Wal-Mart has the power to squeeze profit-killing concessions from vendors. To survive in the face of its pricing demands, makers of everything from bras to bicycles to blue jeans have had to lay off employees and close U.S. plants in favor of outsourcing products from overseas.advertisementOf course, U.S. companies have been moving jobs offshore for decades, long before Wal-Mart was a retailing power. But there is no question that the chain is helping accelerate the loss of American jobs to low-wage countries such as China. Wal-Mart, which in the late 1980s and early 1990s trumpeted its claim to “Buy American,” has doubled its imports from China in the past five years alone, buying some $12 billion in merchandise in 2002. That’s nearly 10% of all Chinese exports to the United States.One way to think of Wal-Mart is as a vast pipeline that gives non-U.S. companies direct access to the American market. “One of the things that limits or slows the growth of imports is the cost of establishing connections and networks,” says Paul Krugman, the Princeton University economist. “Wal-Mart is so big and so centralized that it can all at once hook Chinese and other suppliers into its digital system. So–wham!–you have a large switch to overseas sourcing in a period quicker than under the old rules of retailing.”Steve Dobbins has been bearing the brunt of that switch. He’s president and CEO of Carolina Mills, a 75-year-old North Carolina company that supplies thread, yarn, and textile finishing to apparel makers–half of which supply Wal-Mart. Carolina Mills grew steadily until 2000. But in the past three years, as its customers have gone either overseas or out of business, it has shrunk from 17 factories to 7, and from 2,600 employees to 1,200. Dobbins’s customers have begun to face imported clothing sold so cheaply to Wal-Mart that they could not compete even if they paid their workers nothing.“People ask, ‘How can it be bad for things to come into the U.S. cheaply? How can it be bad to have a bargain at Wal-Mart?’ Sure, it’s held inflation down, and it’s great to have bargains,” says Dobbins. “But you can’t buy anything if you’re not employed. We are shopping ourselves out of jobs.”The gallon jar of pickles at Wal-Mart became a devastating success, giving Vlasic strong sales and growth numbers–but slashing its profits by millions of dollars.There is no question that Wal-Mart’s relentless drive to squeeze out costs has benefited consumers. The giant retailer is at least partly responsible for the low rate of U.S. inflation, and a McKinsey & Co. study concluded that about 12% of the economy’s productivity gains in the second half of the 1990s could be traced to Wal-Mart alone.There is also no question that doing business with Wal-Mart can give a supplier a fast, heady jolt of sales and market share. But that fix can come with long-term consequences for the health of a brand and a business. Vlasic, for example, wasn’t looking to build its brand on a gallon of whole pickles. Pickle companies make money on “the cut,” slicing cucumbers into spears and hamburger chips. “Cucumbers in the jar, you don’t make a whole lot of money there,” says Steve Young, a former vice president of grocery marketing for pickles at Vlasic, who has since left the company.advertisementAt some point in the late 1990s, a Wal-Mart buyer saw Vlasic’s gallon jar and started talking to Pat Hunn about it. Hunn, who has also since left Vlasic, was then head of Vlasic’s Wal-Mart sales team, based in Dallas. The gallon intrigued the buyer. In sales tests, priced somewhere over $3, “the gallon sold like crazy,” says Hunn, “surprising us all.” The Wal-Mart buyer had a brainstorm: What would happen to the gallon if they offered it nationwide and got it below $3? Hunn was skeptical, but his job was to look for ways to sell pickles at Wal-Mart. Why not?And so Vlasic’s gallon jar of pickles went into every Wal-Mart, some 3,000 stores, at $2.97, a price so low that Vlasic and Wal-Mart were making only a penny or two on a jar, if that. It was showcased on big pallets near the front of stores. It was an abundance of abundance. “It was selling 80 jars a week, on average, in every store,” says Young. Doesn’t sound like much, until you do the math: That’s 240,000 gallons of pickles, just in gallon jars, just at Wal-Mart, every week. Whole fields of cucumbers were heading out the door.For Vlasic, the gallon jar of pickles became what might be called a devastating success. “Quickly, it started cannibalizing our non-Wal-Mart business,” says Young. “We saw consumers who used to buy the spears and the chips in supermarkets buying the Wal-Mart gallons. They’d eat a quarter of a jar and throw the thing away when they got moldy. A family can’t eat them fast enough.”The gallon jar reshaped Vlasic’s pickle business: It chewed up the profit margin of the business with Wal-Mart, and of pickles generally. Procurement had to scramble to find enough pickles to fill the gallons, but the volume gave Vlasic strong sales numbers, strong growth numbers, and a powerful place in the world of pickles at Wal-Mart. Which accounted for 30% of Vlasic’s business. But the company’s profits from pickles had shriveled 25% or more, Young says–millions of dollars.The gallon was hoisting Vlasic and hurting it at the same time.Young remembers begging Wal-Mart for relief. “They said, ‘No way,’ ” says Young. “We said we’ll increase the price”–even $3.49 would have helped tremendously–“and they said, ‘If you do that, all the other products of yours we buy, we’ll stop buying.’ It was a clear threat.” Hunn recalls things a little differently, if just as ominously: “They said, ‘We want the $2.97 gallon of pickles. If you don’t do it, we’ll see if someone else might.’ I knew our competitors were saying to Wal-Mart, ‘We’ll do the $2.97 gallons if you give us your other business.’ ” Wal-Mart’s business was so indispensable to Vlasic, and the gallon so central to the Wal-Mart relationship, that decisions about the future of the gallon were made at the CEO level.advertisementFinally, Wal-Mart let Vlasic up for air. “The Wal-Mart guy’s response was classic,” Young recalls. “He said, ‘Well, we’ve done to pickles what we did to orange juice. We’ve killed it. We can back off.’ ” Vlasic got to take it down to just over half a gallon of pickles, for $2.79. Not long after that, in January 2001, Vlasic filed for bankruptcy–although the gallon jar of pickles, everyone agrees, wasn’t a critical factor.By now, it is accepted wisdom that Wal-Mart makes the companies it does business with more efficient and focused, leaner and faster. Wal-Mart itself is known for continuous improvement in its ability to handle, move, and track merchandise. It expects the same of its suppliers. But the ability to operate at peak efficiency only gets you in the door at Wal-Mart. Then the real demands start. The public image Wal-Mart projects may be as cheery as its yellow smiley-face mascot, but there is nothing genial about the process by which Wal-Mart gets its suppliers to provide tires and contact lenses, guns and underarm deodorant at every day low prices. Wal-Mart is legendary for forcing its suppliers to redesign everything from their packaging to their computer systems. It is also legendary for quite straightforwardly telling them what it will pay for their goods.“We are one of Wal-Mart’s biggest suppliers, and they are our biggest customer, by far. We have a great relationship. That’s all I can say. Are we done now?”John Fitzgerald, a former vice president of Nabisco, remembers Wal-Mart’s reaction to his company’s plan to offer a 25-cent newspaper coupon for a large bag of Lifesavers in advance of Halloween. Wal-Mart told Nabisco to add up what it would spend on the promotion–for the newspaper ads, the coupons, and handling–and then just take that amount off the price instead. “That isn’t necessarily good for the manufacturer,” Fitzgerald says. “They need things that draw attention.”It also is not unheard of for Wal-Mart to demand to examine the private financial records of a supplier, and to insist that its margins are too high and must be cut. And the smaller the supplier, one academic study shows, the greater the likelihood that it will be forced into damaging concessions. Melissa Berryhill, a Wal-Mart spokeswoman, disagrees: “The fact is Wal-Mart, perhaps like no other retailer, seeks to establish collaborative and mutually beneficial relationships with our suppliers.”For many suppliers, though, the only thing worse than doing business with Wal-Mart may be not doing business with Wal-Mart. Last year, 7.5 cents of every dollar spent in any store in the United States (other than auto-parts stores) went to the retailer. That means a contract with Wal-Mart can be critical even for the largest consumer-goods companies. Dial Corp., for example, does 28% of its business with Wal-Mart. If Dial lost that one account, it would have to double its sales to its next nine customers just to stay even. “Wal-Mart is the essential retailer, in a way no other retailer is,” says Gib Carey, a partner at Bain & Co., who is leading a yearlong study of how to do business with Wal-Mart. “Our clients cannot grow without finding a way to be successful with Wal-Mart.”Many companies and their executives frankly admit that supplying Wal-Mart is like getting into the company version of basic training with an implacable Army drill sergeant. The process may be unpleasant. But there can be some positive results.advertisement“Everyone from the forklift driver on up to me, the CEO, knew we had to deliver [to Wal-Mart] on time. Not 10 minutes late. And not 45 minutes early, either,” says Robin Prever, who was CEO of Saratoga Beverage Group from 1992 to 2000, and made private-label water sold at Wal-Mart. “The message came through clearly: You have this 30-second delivery window. Either you’re there, or you’re out. With a customer like that, it changes your organization. For the better. It wakes everybody up. And all our customers benefited. We changed our whole approach to doing business.”But you won’t hear evenhanded stories like that from Wal-Mart, or from its current suppliers. Despite being a publicly traded company, Wal-Mart is intensely private. It declined to talk in detail about its relationships with its suppliers for this story. More strikingly, dozens of companies contacted declined to talk about even the basics of their business with Wal-Mart.Here, for example, is an executive at Dial: “We are one of Wal-Mart’s biggest suppliers, and they are our biggest customer by far. We have a great relationship. That’s all I can say. Are we done now?” Goaded a bit, the executive responds with an almost hysterical edge: “Are you meshuga? Why in the world would we talk about Wal-Mart? Ask me about anything else, we’ll talk. But not Wal-Mart.”No one wants to end up in what is known among Wal-Mart vendors as the “penalty box”–punished, or even excluded from the store shelves, for saying something that makes Wal-Mart unhappy. (The penalty box is normally reserved for vendors who don’t meet performance benchmarks, not for those who talk to the press.)“You won’t hear anything negative from most people,” says Paul Kelly, founder of Silvermine Consulting Group, a company that helps businesses work more effectively with retailers. “It would be committing suicide. If Wal-Mart takes something the wrong way, it’s like Saddam Hussein. You just don’t want to piss them off.”As a result, this story was reported in an unusual way: by speaking with dozens of people who have spent years selling to Wal-Mart, or consulting to companies that sell to Wal-Mart, but who no longer work for companies that do business with Wal-Mart. Unless otherwise noted, the companies involved in the events they described refused even to confirm or deny the basics of the events.advertisementTo a person, all those interviewed credit Wal-Mart with a fundamental integrity in its dealings that’s unusual in the world of consumer goods, retailing, and groceries. Wal-Mart does not cheat suppliers, it keeps its word, it pays its bills briskly. “They are tough people but very honest; they treat you honestly,” says Peter Campanella, who ran the business that sold Corning kitchenware products, both at Corning and then at World Kitchen. “It was a joke to do business with most of their competitors. A fiasco.”But Wal-Mart also clearly does not hesitate to use its power, magnifying the Darwinian forces already at work in modern global capitalism.Caught in the Wal-Mart squeeze, Huffy didn’t just relinquish profits to keep its commitment to the retailer. It handed those profits to the competition.What does the squeeze look like at Wal-Mart? It is usually thoroughly rational, sometimes devastatingly so.John Mariotti is a veteran of the consumer-products world–he spent nine years as president of Huffy Bicycle Co., a division of Huffy Corp., and is now chairman of World Kitchen, the company that sells Oxo, Revere, Corning, and Ekco brand housewares.He could not be clearer on his opinion about Wal-Mart: It’s a great company, and a great company to do business with. “Wal-Mart has done more good for America by several thousand orders of magnitude than they’ve done bad,” Mariotti says. “They have raised the bar, and raised the bar for everybody.”Mariotti describes one episode from Huffy’s relationship with Wal-Mart. It’s a tale he tells to illustrate an admiring point he makes about the retailer. “They demand you do what you say you are going to do.” But it’s also a classic example of the damned-if-you-do, damned-if-you-don’t Wal-Mart squeeze. When Mariotti was at Huffy throughout the 1980s, the company sold a range of bikes to Wal-Mart, 20 or so models, in a spread of prices and profitability. It was a leading manufacturer of bikes in the United States, in places like Ponca City, Oklahoma; Celina, Ohio; and Farmington, Missouri.advertisementOne year, Huffy had committed to supply Wal-Mart with an entry-level, thin-margin bike–as many as Wal-Mart needed. Sales of the low-end bike took off. “I woke up May 1”–the heart of the bike production cycle for the summer–“and I needed 900,000 bikes,” he says. “My factories could only run 450,000.” As it happened, that same year, Huffy’s fancier, more-profitable bikes were doing well, too, at Wal-Mart and other places. Huffy found itself in a bind.With other retailers, perhaps, Mariotti might have sat down, renegotiated, tried to talk his way out of the corner. Not with Wal-Mart. “I made the deal up front with them,” he says. “I knew how high was up. I was duty-bound to supply my customer.” So he did something extraordinary. To free up production in order to make Wal-Mart’s cheap bikes, he gave the designs for four of his higher-end, higher-margin products to rival manufacturers. “I conceded business to my competitors, because I just ran out of capacity,” he says. Huffy didn’t just relinquish profits to keep Wal-Mart happy–it handed those profits to its competition. “Wal-Mart didn’t tell me what to do,” Mariotti says. “They didn’t have to.” The retailer, he adds, “is tough as nails. But they give you a chance to compete. If you can’t compete, that’s your problem.”In the years since Mariotti left Huffy, the bike maker’s relationship with Wal-Mart has been vital (though Huffy Corp. has lost money in three out of the last five years). It is the number-three seller of bikes in the United States. And Wal-Mart is the number-one retailer of bikes. But here’s one last statistic about bicycles: Roughly 98% are now imported from places such as China, Mexico, and Taiwan. Huffy made its last bike in the United States in 1999.As Mariotti says, Wal-Mart is tough as nails. But not every supplier agrees that the toughness is always accompanied by fairness. The Lovable Company was founded in 1926 by the grandfather of Frank Garson II, who was Lovable’s last president. It did business with Wal-Mart, Garson says, from the earliest days of founder Sam Walton’s first store in Bentonville, Arkansas. Lovable made bras and lingerie, supplying retailers that also included Sears and Victoria’s Secret. At one point, it was the sixth-largest maker of intimate apparel in the United States, with 700 employees in this country and another 2,000 at eight factories in Central America.Eventually Wal-Mart became Lovable’s biggest customer. “Wal-Mart has a big pencil,” says Garson. “They have such awesome purchasing power that they write their own ticket. If they don’t like your prices, they’ll go vertical and do it themselves–or they’ll find someone that will meet their terms.”In the summer of 1995, Garson asserts, Wal-Mart did just that. “They had awarded us a contract, and in their wisdom, they changed the terms so dramatically that they really reneged.” Garson, still worried about litigation, won’t provide details. “But when you lose a customer that size, they are irreplaceable.”advertisementLovable was already feeling intense cost pressure. Less than three years after Wal-Mart pulled its business, in its 72nd year, Lovable closed. “They leave a lot to be desired in the way they treat people,” says Garson. “Their actions to pulverize people are unnecessary. Wal-Mart chewed us up and spit us out.”Believe it or not, American business has been through this before. The Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Co., the grocery-store chain, stood astride the U.S. market in the 1920s and 1930s with a dominance that has likely never been duplicated. At its peak, A&P had five times the number of stores Wal-Mart has now (although much smaller ones), and at one point, it owned 80% of the supermarket business. Some of the antipredatory-pricing laws in use today were inspired by A&P’s attempts to muscle its suppliers.There is very little academic and statistical study of Wal-Mart’s impact on the health of its suppliers and virtually nothing in the last decade, when Wal-Mart’s size has increased by a factor of five. This while the retail industry has become much more concentrated. In large part, that’s because it’s nearly impossible to get meaningful data that would allow researchers to track the influence of Wal-Mart’s business on companies over time. You’d need cooperation from the vendor companies or Wal-Mart or both–and neither Wal-Mart nor its suppliers are interested in sharing such intimate detail.Bain & Co., the global management consulting firm, is in the midst of a project that asks, How does a company have a healthy relationship with Wal-Mart? How do you avoid being sucked into the vortex? How do you maintain some standing, some leverage of your own?This July, in a mating that had the relieved air of lovers who had too long resisted embracing, Levi Strauss rolled blue jeans into every Wal-Mart in the United States.Bain’s first insights are obvious, if not easy. “Year after year,” Carey, a partner at Bain & Co., says, “for any product that is the same as what you sold them last year, Wal-Mart will say, ‘Here’s the price you gave me last year. Here’s what I can get a competitor’s product for. Here’s what I can get a private-label version for. I want to see a better value that I can bring to my shopper this year. Or else I’m going to use that shelf space differently.’ “Carey has a friend in the umbrella business who learned that. One year, because of costs, he went to Wal-Mart and asked for a 5% price increase. “Wal-Mart said, ‘We were expecting a 5% decrease. We’re off by 10%. Go back and sharpen your pencil.’ ” The umbrella man scrimped and came back with a 2% increase. “They said, ‘We’ll go with a Chinese manufacturer’–and he was out entirely.”advertisementThe Wal-Mart squeeze means vendors have to be as relentless and as microscopic as Wal-Mart is at managing their own costs. They need, in fact, to turn themselves into shadow versions of Wal-Mart itself. “Wal-Mart won’t necessarily say you have to reconfigure your distribution system,” says Carey. “But companies recognize they are not going to maintain margins with growth in their Wal-Mart business without doing it.”The way to avoid being trapped in a spiral of growing business and shrinking profits, says Carey, is to innovate. “You need to bring Wal-Mart new products–products consumers need. Because with those, Wal-Mart doesn’t have benchmarks to drive you down in price. They don’t have historical data, you don’t have competitors, they haven’t bid the products out to private-label makers. That’s how you can have higher prices and higher margins.”Reasonable advice, but not universally useful. There has been an explosion of “innovation” in toothbrushes and toothpastes in the past five years, for instance; but a pickle is a pickle is a pickle.Bain’s other critical discovery is that consumers are often more loyal to product companies than to Wal-Mart. With strongly branded items people develop a preference for–things like toothpaste or laundry detergent–Wal-Mart rarely forces shoppers to switch to a second choice. It would simply punish itself by seeing sales fall, and it won’t put up with that for long.But as Wal-Mart has grown in market reach and clout, even manufacturers known for nurturing premium brands may find themselves overpowered. This July, in a mating that had the relieved air of lovers who had too long resisted embracing, Levi Strauss rolled blue jeans into every Wal-Mart doorway in the United States: 2,864 stores. Wal-Mart, seeking to expand its clothing business with more fashionable brands, promoted the clothes on its in-store TV network and with banners slipped over the security-tag detectors at exit doors.Levi’s launch into Wal-Mart came the same summer the clothes maker celebrated its 150th birthday. For a century and a half, one of the most recognizable names in American commerce had survived without Wal-Mart. But in October 2002, when Levi Strauss and Wal-Mart announced their engagement, Levi was shrinking rapidly. The pressure on Levi goes back 25 years–well before Wal-Mart was an influence. Between 1981 and 1990, Levi closed 58 U.S. manufacturing plants, sending 25% of its sewing overseas.advertisementSales for Levi peaked in 1996 at $7.1 billion. By last year, they had spiraled down six years in a row, to $4.1 billion; through the first six months of 2003, sales dropped another 3%. This one account–selling jeans to Wal-Mart–could almost instantly revive Levi.Last year, Wal-Mart sold more clothing than any other retailer in the country. It also sold more pairs of jeans than any other store. Wal-Mart’s own inexpensive house brand of jeans, Faded Glory, is estimated to do $3 billion in sales a year, a house brand nearly the size of Levi Strauss. Perhaps most revealing in terms of Levi’s strategic blunders: In 2002, half the jeans sold in the United States cost less than $20 a pair. That same year, Levi didn’t offer jeans for less than $30.For much of the last decade, Levi couldn’t have qualified to sell to Wal-Mart. Its computer systems were antiquated, and it was notorious for delivering clothes late to retailers. Levi admitted its on-time delivery rate was 65%. When it announced the deal with Wal-Mart last year, one fashion-industry analyst bluntly predicted Levi would simply fail to deliver the jeans.But Levi Strauss has taken to the Wal-Mart Way with the intensity of a near-death religious conversion–and Levi’s executives were happy to talk about their experience getting ready to sell at Wal-Mart. One hundred people at Levi’s headquarters are devoted to the new business; another 12 have set up in an office in Bentonville, near Wal-Mart’s headquarters, where the company has hired a respected veteran Wal-Mart sales account manager.Getting ready for Wal-Mart has been like putting Levi on the Atkins diet. It has helped everything–customer focus, inventory management, speed to market. It has even helped other retailers that buy Levis, because Wal-Mart has forced the company to replenish stores within two days instead of Levi’s previous five-day cycle.And so, Wal-Mart might rescue Levi Strauss. Except for one thing.advertisementLevi didn’t actually have any clothes it could sell at Wal-Mart. Everything was too expensive. It had to develop a fresh line for mass retailers: the Levi Strauss Signature brand, featuring Levi Strauss’s name on the back of the jeans.Two months after the launch, Levi basked in the honeymoon glow. Overall sales, after falling for the first six months of 2003, rose 6% in the third quarter; profits in the summer quarter nearly doubled. All, Levi’s CEO said, because of Signature.“They are all very rational people. And they had a good point. Everyone was willing to pay more for a Master Lock. But how much more can they justify?”But the low-end business isn’t a business Levi is known for, or one it had been particularly interested in. It’s also a business in which Levi will find itself competing with lean, experienced players such as VF and Faded Glory. Levi’s makeover might so improve its performance with its non-Wal-Mart suppliers that its established business will thrive, too. It is just as likely that any gains will be offset by the competitive pressures already dissolving Levi’s premium brands, and by the cannibalization of its own sales. “It’s hard to see how this relationship will boost Levi’s higher-end business,” says Paul Farris, a professor at the University of Virginia’s Darden Graduate School of Business Administration. “It’s easy to see how this will hurt the higher-end business.”If Levi clothing is a runaway hit at Wal-Mart, that may indeed rescue Levi as a business. But what will have been rescued? The Signature line–it includes clothing for girls, boys, men, and women–is an odd departure for a company whose brand has long been an American icon. Some of the jeans have the look, the fingertip feel, of pricier Levis. But much of the clothing has the look and feel it must have, given its price (around $23 for adult pants): cheap. Cheap and disappointing to find labeled with Levi Strauss’s name. And just five days before the cheery profit news, Levi had another announcement: It is closing its last two U.S. factories, both in San Antonio, and laying off more than 2,500 workers, or 21% of its workforce. A company that 22 years ago had 60 clothing plants in the United States–and that was known as one of the most socially reponsible corporations on the planet–will, by 2004, not make any clothes at all. It will just import them.In the end, of course, it is we as shoppers who have the power, and who have given that power to Wal-Mart. Part of Wal-Mart’s dominance, part of its insight, and part of its arrogance, is that it presumes to speak for American shoppers.If Wal-Mart doesn’t like the pricing on something, says Andrew Whitman, who helped service Wal-Mart for years when he worked at General Foods and Kraft, they simply say, “At that price we no longer think it’s a good value to our shopper. Therefore, we don’t think we should carry it.”advertisementWal-Mart has also lulled shoppers into ignoring the difference between the price of something and the cost. Its unending focus on price underscores something that Americans are only starting to realize about globalization: Ever-cheaper prices have consequences. Says Steve Dobbins, president of thread maker Carolina Mills: “We want clean air, clear water, good living conditions, the best health care in the world–yet we aren’t willing to pay for anything manufactured under those restrictions.”Randall Larrimore, a former CEO of MasterBrand Industries, the parent company of Master Lock, understands that contradiction too well. For years, he says, as manufacturing costs in the United States rose, Master Lock was able to pass them along. But at some point in the 1990s, Asian manufacturers started producing locks for much less. “When the difference is $1, retailers like Wal-Mart would prefer to have the brand-name padlock or faucet or hammer,” Larrimore says. “But as the spread becomes greater, when our padlock was $9, and the import was $6, then they can offer the consumer a real discount by carrying two lines. Ultimately, they may only carry one line.”In January 1997, Master Lock announced that, after 75 years making locks in Milwaukee, it would begin importing more products from Asia. Not too long after, Master Lock opened a factory of its own in Nogales, Mexico. Today, it makes just 10% to 15% of its locks in Milwaukee–its 300 employees there mostly make parts that are sent to Nogales, where there are now 800 factory workers.Larrimore did the first manufacturing layoffs at Master Lock. He negotiated with Master Lock’s unions himself. He went to Bentonville. “I loved dealing with Wal-Mart, with Home Depot,” he says. “They are all very rational people. There wasn’t a whole lot of room for negotiation. And they had a good point. Everyone was willing to pay more for a Master Lock. But how much more can they justify? If they can buy a lock that has arguably similar qual-ity, at a cheaper price, well, they can get their consumers a deal.”It’s Wal-Mart in the role of Adam Smith’s invisible hand. And the Milwaukee employees of Master Lock who shopped at Wal-Mart to save money helped that hand shove their own jobs right to Nogales. Not consciously, not directly, but inevitably. “Do we as consumers appreciate what we’re doing?” Larrimore asks. “I don’t think so. But even if we do, I think we say, Here’s a Master Lock for $9, here’s another lock for $6–let the other guy pay $9.”Charles Fishman (cnfish@mindspring.com) is a senior writer at Fast Company. Andrew Moesel provided research assistance for this story.advertisementRelated StoriesIdeasCRISPR Pioneer Jennifer Doudna On Gene Editing’s Potential For Good And EvilIdeasThe Ethics Of CRISPRMagazineThe CEO Of Flywheel Sports Wants You To Celebrate Your FailuresadvertisementVideoIdeasIdeasWhat Little Free Pantries Say About Hunger In AmericaIdeasThis Dam Has Been A Disaster–Can Turning It Into a Solar Plant Save It?IdeasAutomated Buses Are Here, Now We Have To Decide How They Will Reshape Our CitiesEntertainmentEntertainment“Stranger Things 2” Thriller, Gucci Goes Trekkie: The Top 5 Ads Of The WeekEntertainmentKesha Goes Back Into Old Home Movies In New Anti-Nostalgic Music VideoEntertainmentPanorama Is Around The Corner: This Week In MusicCo.DesignGraphicsThe Designer Of The Transgender Flag Is A Navy VeteranProductDesigners Are Forgetting One Major Element Of The Design ProcessProductOMG! Buzzfeed Is Making Appliances NowFast CompanyEntertainment“Stranger Things 2” Thriller, Gucci Goes Trekkie: The Top 5 Ads Of The WeekIdeasWhat Little Free Pantries Say About Hunger In AmericaEntertainmentKesha Goes Back Into Old Home Movies In New Anti-Nostalgic Music Video









AdvoCare - Wikipedia






















 






AdvoCare

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Advocare)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Advocare, the Medicare Advantage plan from Security Health Plan of Wisconsin.

AdvoCare International





Type

Private


Industry
Multi-level marketing


Founded
1993; 24 years ago (1993) in Carrollton, Texas


Founder
Charles E. Ragus


Headquarters
Plano, Texas, United States



Area served

United States



Key people

Brian Connolly (CEO)


Products
Weight loss, nutritional supplements, sports nutrition, personal care


Revenue
US$ 400 million (est.) (2013)[1]



Number of employees

247 (est.) (2013)[2]


Website
www.advocare.com


Coordinates: 33°00′38″N 96°40′37″W﻿ / ﻿33.01053°N 96.676928°W﻿ / 33.01053; -96.676928
AdvoCare International, L.P. is an American multi-level marketing company[3][4][5] that sells dietary supplements. The company, headquartered in Plano, Texas, was founded in 1993 by Charles Ragus and employed roughly 250 people in 2013. AdvoCare distributes its products in the United States through a network of approximately 60,000 independent distributors,[6]



Contents


1 History
2 Products
3 Business
4 Sponsorships and Endorsements
5 Controversy
6 See also
7 References
8 External links



History[edit]
Charles Ragus founded AdvoCare in 1993 as a multi-level marketing (MLM) company that distributes dietary supplement products.[7][8] The name AdvoCare is short for "Advocates Who Care".[9] Before founding AdvoCare, Ragus worked as a regional vice president for Fidelity Union Insurance, and as a multi-level marketing (MLM) distributor for Herbalife. He had initially founded the MLM company Omnitrition International in 1989. Ragus briefly played defensive end for the National Football League's Kansas City Chiefs in the 1960s.[9][10][11] He died in 2001 at the age 58.[12][13]
In May 2007, Richard H. Wright became president and CEO of AdvoCare. Wright had previously served as Chief of Staff for US Representative Jim McCrery.[7][14]
Products[edit]
AdvoCare sells several lines of dietary supplements under the brand names Trim, Active, Well, Performance Elite, Fit, and 24 Day Challenge.[15]
Business[edit]
AdvoCare is a multilevel marketing company.[3][4][5] In addition to revenue from product sales, AdvoCare distributors can potentially earn additional commissions from sales by their 'downline' distributors. According to the company's 2013 Income disclosure statement, the average annual income, not including expenses, for AdvoCare distributors who were 'active' in 2013 (defined as earning a payment during the year) was $1,704.08.[16]
In a 2010 court case Advocare said that it had around 60,000 active distributors, and had sold approximately 350,000 distributorships since 2003.[6]
AdvoCare is a member of the U.S. Direct Selling Association (DSA), and participated in the 2010 DSA Code of Ethics Communication Initiative.[17] AdvoCare President Richard Wright served on the DSA Board of Directors in 2011.[18]
Sponsorships and Endorsements[edit]




Trevor Bayne's AdvoCare-branded Ford Mustang in NASCAR competition.


Among AdvoCare's contracted celebrity endorsers are NFL quarterbacks Andy Dalton, Philip Rivers and Alex Smith; Major League Baseball pitcher Doug Fister; CrossFit champion Rich Froning; and, previously, Carli Lloyd, Sam Bradford, and Wes Welker.[9] However, their most important spokesman is New Orleans Saints quarterback Drew Brees.[9] Celebrity endorsers are said to be central to "the Bulletproof Shield," a key sales and recruitment technique used by the company: distributors place themselves at the center of a chart illustrating the company's endorsements and members of its scientific and medical advisory board, and deflects questions about the company by replying, "Well, I don't know about (X), but what I do know is" that particular athletes or doctors have endorsed AdvoCare.[9]
From 2009 until 2013, AdvoCare was the title sponsor of the Independence Bowl in Shreveport, Louisiana. The 2013 game was known as the AdvoCare V100 Bowl.[19][20][21] In 2012, AdvoCare partnered with the Major League Soccer team FC Dallas and became its jersey sponsor.[22]
In 2014, AdvoCare secured the naming rights of a professional sports practice facility located at The Greenbrier in West Virginia.[23] The facility was named the AdvoCare Sports Performance Center and hosted the 2014 training camp for the New Orleans Saints.[24][25][26] AdvoCare also became the title sponsor of the 2014 Texas Bowl.[27] In 2016, AdvoCare will be sponsoring the Texas Kickoff and Cowboys Classic games.[28][29]
Since 2011,[30][31] AdvoCare has sponsored several NASCAR racing teams, as well as races at Atlanta Motor Speedway and Phoenix International Raceway.[30][31] The company has sponsored driver Trevor Bayne and Roush Fenway Racing in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series and Xfinity Series since 2014.[9][32]
Controversy[edit]
In July 2008, Olympic swimmer Jessica Hardy tested positive for the banned breathing enhancer, clenbuterol. Hardy said she had never heard of the substance, attributing the positive result to either a tainted supplement or sabotage.[33][34] At the time, Hardy had been taking the supplement Arginine Extreme, which she had received for free from AdvoCare in exchange for making product testimonials,[35][36] and she claimed in a subsequent lawsuit that the company's product was tainted.[37] AdvoCare sued Hardy for making false claims.[38] An arbitration hearing reduced Hardy's suspension after a scientific expert testified that the AdvoCare product was tainted. AdvoCare disputed the panel's findings, saying that two independent laboratories had not found any evidence of Clenbuterol in the supplements.[39]
In 2009, a Dallas County jury awarded $1.9 million in damages against AdvoCare after finding that the company had engaged in deceptive trade practices and unfairly canceled agreements with two of its distributors.[40] According to the lawsuit, litigants Bruce and Teresa Badgett of Arlington, Texas, had been active and profitable marketers of AdvoCare products for more than a dozen years before their distributorship was canceled by the company in 2006 "based upon vague and trumped-up charges." The jury found that AdvoCare engaged in false, misleading or deceptive practices that damaged the Badgetts and that the termination provisions of the distributor contract with AdvoCare were unconscionable, according to court documents. AdvoCare disputed the ruling[40] and on April 30, 2010, filed to appeal the decision on the basis that the plaintiffs were not customers and therefore did not fit the statutory definition necessary to be covered under the Texas Deceptive Trade Practices Act.[41] The appeal was dismissed on March 13, 2012 and the company was ordered to reimburse the Badgett's for court costs related to their defense in the appeal case.[42]
AdvoCare ceased offering KickStart Spark, targeted to youth age 4-11, after pediatricians had expressed concerns about the product containing 60 mg of caffeine.[43] AdvoCare was also the subject of criticism for its marketing at youth athletic events. In 2005, the company paid $5,000 to sponsor a high school wrestling tournament in Sacramento but after negative publicity, AdvoCare officials said they would not sponsor any more school events.[43]
Wendy Miller of the Beaumont Weight Control Center said AdvoCare's Herbal Cleanse is probably safe for many users, but she suggested that the same results could be achieved without the products.[44]
In March 2016, Advocare was the subject of a critical exposée in ESPN The Magazine. The exposée argues that the company and a small number of distributors at the top of a distribution network makes most of its money from the signing-up of new distributors rather than sales of the product, while exaggerating the likelihood of financial success of distributors when only a few make a significant amount of money; that the company creates a cult-like atmosphere of not questioning the company's claims or the probability of financial success in new distributors, to the point where distributors will shun friends and family members who do so; and that the company is internally riven by divisions over the company's strong use of religious affiliation as part of its business model, with more devout members of the organization using it to gain and hold power in the organization and over its members.[9]
See also[edit]


Companies portal



List of food companies

References[edit]


^ Barbara Seale (1 Sep 2013). "AdvoCare a two decade marathon". Direct Selling News. Retrieved 13 Nov 2013. 
^ / AdvoCare Profile
^ a b "Multi-level Marketing Or Pyramid Scheme? That’s The Question". Valley News. Archived from the original on 6 November 2014. Retrieved 5 November 2014. 
^ a b Greene, Jody. "Is MLM a Bad Word?". Forbes. Retrieved 5 November 2014. 
^ a b Brooks, Douglas M. "The Pyramid Scheme Industry: Examining Some Legal and Economic Aspects of Multi-Level Marketing" (PDF). Retrieved 5 November 2014. 
^ a b "Advocare International v. Karen Ford, et. al" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on October 19, 2013. [better source needed]  (11.0 MB) (page 23)
^ a b "Three CEOs Reinvent Themselves With Second Careers". D Magazine. August 2010. Archived from the original on 2011-06-19. Retrieved 2011-01-31. 
^ Candace Carlisle (19 Oct 2012). "Richard Wright and his wife don’t just run AdvoCare International, they’re customers". Dallas Business Journal. Retrieved 18 Oct 2013. 
^ a b c d e f g Kimes, Mina (15 March 2016). "Drew Brees Has A Dream He’d Like To Sell You". ESPN The Magazine, Outside the Lines. Retrieved 3 April 2016. 
^ "Arrowheadlines: Kansas City Chiefs News 2/23". SB Nation Arrowhead Pride. 23 February 2014. 
^ "K.C. Has Bob McAdams And Send 3 Rookies Off". Lawrence Journal-World. Associated Press. August 28, 1965. Retrieved July 7, 2015. 
^ Obituary Central Archive
^ Gary Abbot (4 June 2001). "AdvoCare Founder Charles Ragus, 58, passed away on Friday June 1". the Mat. Retrieved 18 Oct 2013. 
^ Candace Carlisle (19 Oct 2012). "AdvoCare CEO shares his secrets to health, business success". Dallas Business Journal. Retrieved 18 Oct 2013. 
^ "Products". AdvoCare. Retrieved 1 Nov 2013. 
^ "2013 Income Disclosure Statement" (pdf). Retrieved 15 August 2014. 
^ "Member Companies Emphasize Ethics in Corporate Behavior". dsa.org. Retrieved 9 December 2015. 
^ "2011–2012 DSA Officers, Board Members, Elected During DSA’s Annual Meeting". Archived from the original on February 9, 2012. Retrieved 27 June 2012. 
^ Roy Lang (28 Jan 2010). "AdvoCare Recommits to I-Bowl". Shreveport Times. Retrieved 5 Nov 2013. 
^ Goins, Adria (21 August 2013). "Longtime bowl expected to lose Advocare sponsorship". KSLA 12. Retrieved 6 November 2013. 
^ Dee, Chris (21 August 2013). "Advocare No Longer Title Sponsor For Annual Bowl Game". 1130am (Radio). Retrieved 6 November 2013. 
^ Botta, Christopher (27 June 2012). "FC Dallas Signs Multiyear Deal With AdvoCare To Serve As Jersey Sponsor". Sports Business Daily. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ "AdvoCare secures naming rights for New Orleans pro football training facility". Plano Star Courier. 4 August 2014. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ McFarling, Aaron (25 July 2014). "New Orleans Saints open camp in West Virginia". The Roanoke Times. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ Johnson, Shauna (23 July 2014). "Saints receive big welcome in Greenbrier County". MetroNews. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ Vingle, Mitch (21 July 2014). "Greenbrier unveils Saints facility". The Charleston Gazette. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ Barron, David (11 February 2014). "Texas Bowl gets a new sponsor in AdvoCare International". Houston Chronicle. Retrieved 4 April 2014. 
^ Berman, Mark (28 July 2014). "University of Houston expected to open 2016 college football season against Oklahoma". My Fox Houston. Archived from the original on 14 February 2015. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ Helman, David (16 July 2014). "Alabama, USC To Open 2016 Season At AT&T Stadium". Dallas Cowboys official site. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ a b Spencer, Lee (August 21, 2013). "Bayne to team with AdvoCare in '14". Fox Sports. Retrieved 27 November 2016. 
^ a b "AdvoCare To Sponsor Leavine Family Racing’s No.95 Ford". SpeedwayMedia.com. August 23, 2011. Retrieved 27 November 2016. 
^ Spencer, Lee (November 3, 2016). "Bayne signs multi-year contract extension with Roush Fenway Racing". Motorsport.com. Retrieved 27 November 2016. 
^ "Olympic swimmer Jessica Hardy: 'I'm innocent'". USA Today. 2008-07-26. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ "Hardy presses forward with tainted-supplement defense". Seattle Times. 2008-08-04. Archived from the original on October 12, 2008. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ Aschwanden, Christie (July 26, 2012). "Athletes, Stop Taking Supplements". Slate Magazine. 
^ Futterman, Matthew. "Trials and Tribulations of the Angry Swimmer". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 5 Nov 2014. 
^ "Swimmer Hardy blames company for failed drug test". USA Today. 2009-01-30. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ "U.S. swimmer, supplement firm countersue". UPI. 2009-02-16. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ "Supplement maker AdvoCare disputes Hardy panel findings". Seattle Times. 2009-05-05. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ a b Tsai, Joyce (31 Aug 2009). "Jury returns verdict against AdvoCare". Dallas Business Journal. Retrieved 6 Nov 2014. 
^ "Advocare International, L.P. (Appellant) V. Bruce Badgett and Teresa Badgett (Appellees): Case No.05-10-00917-CV" (PDF). Court of Appeals for the Fifth District of Texas. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2014-11-07. Retrieved 6 Nov 2014. 
^ "AdvoCare International, L.P., v. Badgett, Bruce and Teresa Badgett". Justia.com. March 13, 2012. Retrieved 6 Nov 2014. 
^ a b "A Sports Drink for Children Is Jangling Some Nerves". New York Times. 2005-09-25. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ Taking the 24-Day Challenge. ABC / WXYZ. Archived from the original on 23 May 2011. 


External links[edit]

Official website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=AdvoCare&oldid=791091587"					
Categories: Food and drink companies of the United StatesMulti-level marketing companiesNutritional supplement companiesWeight loss companiesCompanies established in 1993Hidden categories: All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from October 2013Pages using deprecated image syntaxCoordinates not on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


فارسی 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 02:34.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









AdvoCare - Wikipedia






















 






AdvoCare

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Advocare)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Advocare, the Medicare Advantage plan from Security Health Plan of Wisconsin.

AdvoCare International





Type

Private


Industry
Multi-level marketing


Founded
1993; 24 years ago (1993) in Carrollton, Texas


Founder
Charles E. Ragus


Headquarters
Plano, Texas, United States



Area served

United States



Key people

Brian Connolly (CEO)


Products
Weight loss, nutritional supplements, sports nutrition, personal care


Revenue
US$ 400 million (est.) (2013)[1]



Number of employees

247 (est.) (2013)[2]


Website
www.advocare.com


Coordinates: 33°00′38″N 96°40′37″W﻿ / ﻿33.01053°N 96.676928°W﻿ / 33.01053; -96.676928
AdvoCare International, L.P. is an American multi-level marketing company[3][4][5] that sells dietary supplements. The company, headquartered in Plano, Texas, was founded in 1993 by Charles Ragus and employed roughly 250 people in 2013. AdvoCare distributes its products in the United States through a network of approximately 60,000 independent distributors,[6]



Contents


1 History
2 Products
3 Business
4 Sponsorships and Endorsements
5 Controversy
6 See also
7 References
8 External links



History[edit]
Charles Ragus founded AdvoCare in 1993 as a multi-level marketing (MLM) company that distributes dietary supplement products.[7][8] The name AdvoCare is short for "Advocates Who Care".[9] Before founding AdvoCare, Ragus worked as a regional vice president for Fidelity Union Insurance, and as a multi-level marketing (MLM) distributor for Herbalife. He had initially founded the MLM company Omnitrition International in 1989. Ragus briefly played defensive end for the National Football League's Kansas City Chiefs in the 1960s.[9][10][11] He died in 2001 at the age 58.[12][13]
In May 2007, Richard H. Wright became president and CEO of AdvoCare. Wright had previously served as Chief of Staff for US Representative Jim McCrery.[7][14]
Products[edit]
AdvoCare sells several lines of dietary supplements under the brand names Trim, Active, Well, Performance Elite, Fit, and 24 Day Challenge.[15]
Business[edit]
AdvoCare is a multilevel marketing company.[3][4][5] In addition to revenue from product sales, AdvoCare distributors can potentially earn additional commissions from sales by their 'downline' distributors. According to the company's 2013 Income disclosure statement, the average annual income, not including expenses, for AdvoCare distributors who were 'active' in 2013 (defined as earning a payment during the year) was $1,704.08.[16]
In a 2010 court case Advocare said that it had around 60,000 active distributors, and had sold approximately 350,000 distributorships since 2003.[6]
AdvoCare is a member of the U.S. Direct Selling Association (DSA), and participated in the 2010 DSA Code of Ethics Communication Initiative.[17] AdvoCare President Richard Wright served on the DSA Board of Directors in 2011.[18]
Sponsorships and Endorsements[edit]




Trevor Bayne's AdvoCare-branded Ford Mustang in NASCAR competition.


Among AdvoCare's contracted celebrity endorsers are NFL quarterbacks Andy Dalton, Philip Rivers and Alex Smith; Major League Baseball pitcher Doug Fister; CrossFit champion Rich Froning; and, previously, Carli Lloyd, Sam Bradford, and Wes Welker.[9] However, their most important spokesman is New Orleans Saints quarterback Drew Brees.[9] Celebrity endorsers are said to be central to "the Bulletproof Shield," a key sales and recruitment technique used by the company: distributors place themselves at the center of a chart illustrating the company's endorsements and members of its scientific and medical advisory board, and deflects questions about the company by replying, "Well, I don't know about (X), but what I do know is" that particular athletes or doctors have endorsed AdvoCare.[9]
From 2009 until 2013, AdvoCare was the title sponsor of the Independence Bowl in Shreveport, Louisiana. The 2013 game was known as the AdvoCare V100 Bowl.[19][20][21] In 2012, AdvoCare partnered with the Major League Soccer team FC Dallas and became its jersey sponsor.[22]
In 2014, AdvoCare secured the naming rights of a professional sports practice facility located at The Greenbrier in West Virginia.[23] The facility was named the AdvoCare Sports Performance Center and hosted the 2014 training camp for the New Orleans Saints.[24][25][26] AdvoCare also became the title sponsor of the 2014 Texas Bowl.[27] In 2016, AdvoCare will be sponsoring the Texas Kickoff and Cowboys Classic games.[28][29]
Since 2011,[30][31] AdvoCare has sponsored several NASCAR racing teams, as well as races at Atlanta Motor Speedway and Phoenix International Raceway.[30][31] The company has sponsored driver Trevor Bayne and Roush Fenway Racing in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series and Xfinity Series since 2014.[9][32]
Controversy[edit]
In July 2008, Olympic swimmer Jessica Hardy tested positive for the banned breathing enhancer, clenbuterol. Hardy said she had never heard of the substance, attributing the positive result to either a tainted supplement or sabotage.[33][34] At the time, Hardy had been taking the supplement Arginine Extreme, which she had received for free from AdvoCare in exchange for making product testimonials,[35][36] and she claimed in a subsequent lawsuit that the company's product was tainted.[37] AdvoCare sued Hardy for making false claims.[38] An arbitration hearing reduced Hardy's suspension after a scientific expert testified that the AdvoCare product was tainted. AdvoCare disputed the panel's findings, saying that two independent laboratories had not found any evidence of Clenbuterol in the supplements.[39]
In 2009, a Dallas County jury awarded $1.9 million in damages against AdvoCare after finding that the company had engaged in deceptive trade practices and unfairly canceled agreements with two of its distributors.[40] According to the lawsuit, litigants Bruce and Teresa Badgett of Arlington, Texas, had been active and profitable marketers of AdvoCare products for more than a dozen years before their distributorship was canceled by the company in 2006 "based upon vague and trumped-up charges." The jury found that AdvoCare engaged in false, misleading or deceptive practices that damaged the Badgetts and that the termination provisions of the distributor contract with AdvoCare were unconscionable, according to court documents. AdvoCare disputed the ruling[40] and on April 30, 2010, filed to appeal the decision on the basis that the plaintiffs were not customers and therefore did not fit the statutory definition necessary to be covered under the Texas Deceptive Trade Practices Act.[41] The appeal was dismissed on March 13, 2012 and the company was ordered to reimburse the Badgett's for court costs related to their defense in the appeal case.[42]
AdvoCare ceased offering KickStart Spark, targeted to youth age 4-11, after pediatricians had expressed concerns about the product containing 60 mg of caffeine.[43] AdvoCare was also the subject of criticism for its marketing at youth athletic events. In 2005, the company paid $5,000 to sponsor a high school wrestling tournament in Sacramento but after negative publicity, AdvoCare officials said they would not sponsor any more school events.[43]
Wendy Miller of the Beaumont Weight Control Center said AdvoCare's Herbal Cleanse is probably safe for many users, but she suggested that the same results could be achieved without the products.[44]
In March 2016, Advocare was the subject of a critical exposée in ESPN The Magazine. The exposée argues that the company and a small number of distributors at the top of a distribution network makes most of its money from the signing-up of new distributors rather than sales of the product, while exaggerating the likelihood of financial success of distributors when only a few make a significant amount of money; that the company creates a cult-like atmosphere of not questioning the company's claims or the probability of financial success in new distributors, to the point where distributors will shun friends and family members who do so; and that the company is internally riven by divisions over the company's strong use of religious affiliation as part of its business model, with more devout members of the organization using it to gain and hold power in the organization and over its members.[9]
See also[edit]


Companies portal



List of food companies

References[edit]


^ Barbara Seale (1 Sep 2013). "AdvoCare a two decade marathon". Direct Selling News. Retrieved 13 Nov 2013. 
^ / AdvoCare Profile
^ a b "Multi-level Marketing Or Pyramid Scheme? That’s The Question". Valley News. Archived from the original on 6 November 2014. Retrieved 5 November 2014. 
^ a b Greene, Jody. "Is MLM a Bad Word?". Forbes. Retrieved 5 November 2014. 
^ a b Brooks, Douglas M. "The Pyramid Scheme Industry: Examining Some Legal and Economic Aspects of Multi-Level Marketing" (PDF). Retrieved 5 November 2014. 
^ a b "Advocare International v. Karen Ford, et. al" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on October 19, 2013. [better source needed]  (11.0 MB) (page 23)
^ a b "Three CEOs Reinvent Themselves With Second Careers". D Magazine. August 2010. Archived from the original on 2011-06-19. Retrieved 2011-01-31. 
^ Candace Carlisle (19 Oct 2012). "Richard Wright and his wife don’t just run AdvoCare International, they’re customers". Dallas Business Journal. Retrieved 18 Oct 2013. 
^ a b c d e f g Kimes, Mina (15 March 2016). "Drew Brees Has A Dream He’d Like To Sell You". ESPN The Magazine, Outside the Lines. Retrieved 3 April 2016. 
^ "Arrowheadlines: Kansas City Chiefs News 2/23". SB Nation Arrowhead Pride. 23 February 2014. 
^ "K.C. Has Bob McAdams And Send 3 Rookies Off". Lawrence Journal-World. Associated Press. August 28, 1965. Retrieved July 7, 2015. 
^ Obituary Central Archive
^ Gary Abbot (4 June 2001). "AdvoCare Founder Charles Ragus, 58, passed away on Friday June 1". the Mat. Retrieved 18 Oct 2013. 
^ Candace Carlisle (19 Oct 2012). "AdvoCare CEO shares his secrets to health, business success". Dallas Business Journal. Retrieved 18 Oct 2013. 
^ "Products". AdvoCare. Retrieved 1 Nov 2013. 
^ "2013 Income Disclosure Statement" (pdf). Retrieved 15 August 2014. 
^ "Member Companies Emphasize Ethics in Corporate Behavior". dsa.org. Retrieved 9 December 2015. 
^ "2011–2012 DSA Officers, Board Members, Elected During DSA’s Annual Meeting". Archived from the original on February 9, 2012. Retrieved 27 June 2012. 
^ Roy Lang (28 Jan 2010). "AdvoCare Recommits to I-Bowl". Shreveport Times. Retrieved 5 Nov 2013. 
^ Goins, Adria (21 August 2013). "Longtime bowl expected to lose Advocare sponsorship". KSLA 12. Retrieved 6 November 2013. 
^ Dee, Chris (21 August 2013). "Advocare No Longer Title Sponsor For Annual Bowl Game". 1130am (Radio). Retrieved 6 November 2013. 
^ Botta, Christopher (27 June 2012). "FC Dallas Signs Multiyear Deal With AdvoCare To Serve As Jersey Sponsor". Sports Business Daily. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ "AdvoCare secures naming rights for New Orleans pro football training facility". Plano Star Courier. 4 August 2014. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ McFarling, Aaron (25 July 2014). "New Orleans Saints open camp in West Virginia". The Roanoke Times. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ Johnson, Shauna (23 July 2014). "Saints receive big welcome in Greenbrier County". MetroNews. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ Vingle, Mitch (21 July 2014). "Greenbrier unveils Saints facility". The Charleston Gazette. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ Barron, David (11 February 2014). "Texas Bowl gets a new sponsor in AdvoCare International". Houston Chronicle. Retrieved 4 April 2014. 
^ Berman, Mark (28 July 2014). "University of Houston expected to open 2016 college football season against Oklahoma". My Fox Houston. Archived from the original on 14 February 2015. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ Helman, David (16 July 2014). "Alabama, USC To Open 2016 Season At AT&T Stadium". Dallas Cowboys official site. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ a b Spencer, Lee (August 21, 2013). "Bayne to team with AdvoCare in '14". Fox Sports. Retrieved 27 November 2016. 
^ a b "AdvoCare To Sponsor Leavine Family Racing’s No.95 Ford". SpeedwayMedia.com. August 23, 2011. Retrieved 27 November 2016. 
^ Spencer, Lee (November 3, 2016). "Bayne signs multi-year contract extension with Roush Fenway Racing". Motorsport.com. Retrieved 27 November 2016. 
^ "Olympic swimmer Jessica Hardy: 'I'm innocent'". USA Today. 2008-07-26. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ "Hardy presses forward with tainted-supplement defense". Seattle Times. 2008-08-04. Archived from the original on October 12, 2008. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ Aschwanden, Christie (July 26, 2012). "Athletes, Stop Taking Supplements". Slate Magazine. 
^ Futterman, Matthew. "Trials and Tribulations of the Angry Swimmer". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 5 Nov 2014. 
^ "Swimmer Hardy blames company for failed drug test". USA Today. 2009-01-30. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ "U.S. swimmer, supplement firm countersue". UPI. 2009-02-16. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ "Supplement maker AdvoCare disputes Hardy panel findings". Seattle Times. 2009-05-05. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ a b Tsai, Joyce (31 Aug 2009). "Jury returns verdict against AdvoCare". Dallas Business Journal. Retrieved 6 Nov 2014. 
^ "Advocare International, L.P. (Appellant) V. Bruce Badgett and Teresa Badgett (Appellees): Case No.05-10-00917-CV" (PDF). Court of Appeals for the Fifth District of Texas. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2014-11-07. Retrieved 6 Nov 2014. 
^ "AdvoCare International, L.P., v. Badgett, Bruce and Teresa Badgett". Justia.com. March 13, 2012. Retrieved 6 Nov 2014. 
^ a b "A Sports Drink for Children Is Jangling Some Nerves". New York Times. 2005-09-25. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ Taking the 24-Day Challenge. ABC / WXYZ. Archived from the original on 23 May 2011. 


External links[edit]

Official website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=AdvoCare&oldid=791091587"					
Categories: Food and drink companies of the United StatesMulti-level marketing companiesNutritional supplement companiesWeight loss companiesCompanies established in 1993Hidden categories: All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from October 2013Pages using deprecated image syntaxCoordinates not on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


فارسی 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 02:34.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









AdvoCare - Wikipedia






















 






AdvoCare

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Advocare)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Advocare, the Medicare Advantage plan from Security Health Plan of Wisconsin.

AdvoCare International





Type

Private


Industry
Multi-level marketing


Founded
1993; 24 years ago (1993) in Carrollton, Texas


Founder
Charles E. Ragus


Headquarters
Plano, Texas, United States



Area served

United States



Key people

Brian Connolly (CEO)


Products
Weight loss, nutritional supplements, sports nutrition, personal care


Revenue
US$ 400 million (est.) (2013)[1]



Number of employees

247 (est.) (2013)[2]


Website
www.advocare.com


Coordinates: 33°00′38″N 96°40′37″W﻿ / ﻿33.01053°N 96.676928°W﻿ / 33.01053; -96.676928
AdvoCare International, L.P. is an American multi-level marketing company[3][4][5] that sells dietary supplements. The company, headquartered in Plano, Texas, was founded in 1993 by Charles Ragus and employed roughly 250 people in 2013. AdvoCare distributes its products in the United States through a network of approximately 60,000 independent distributors,[6]



Contents


1 History
2 Products
3 Business
4 Sponsorships and Endorsements
5 Controversy
6 See also
7 References
8 External links



History[edit]
Charles Ragus founded AdvoCare in 1993 as a multi-level marketing (MLM) company that distributes dietary supplement products.[7][8] The name AdvoCare is short for "Advocates Who Care".[9] Before founding AdvoCare, Ragus worked as a regional vice president for Fidelity Union Insurance, and as a multi-level marketing (MLM) distributor for Herbalife. He had initially founded the MLM company Omnitrition International in 1989. Ragus briefly played defensive end for the National Football League's Kansas City Chiefs in the 1960s.[9][10][11] He died in 2001 at the age 58.[12][13]
In May 2007, Richard H. Wright became president and CEO of AdvoCare. Wright had previously served as Chief of Staff for US Representative Jim McCrery.[7][14]
Products[edit]
AdvoCare sells several lines of dietary supplements under the brand names Trim, Active, Well, Performance Elite, Fit, and 24 Day Challenge.[15]
Business[edit]
AdvoCare is a multilevel marketing company.[3][4][5] In addition to revenue from product sales, AdvoCare distributors can potentially earn additional commissions from sales by their 'downline' distributors. According to the company's 2013 Income disclosure statement, the average annual income, not including expenses, for AdvoCare distributors who were 'active' in 2013 (defined as earning a payment during the year) was $1,704.08.[16]
In a 2010 court case Advocare said that it had around 60,000 active distributors, and had sold approximately 350,000 distributorships since 2003.[6]
AdvoCare is a member of the U.S. Direct Selling Association (DSA), and participated in the 2010 DSA Code of Ethics Communication Initiative.[17] AdvoCare President Richard Wright served on the DSA Board of Directors in 2011.[18]
Sponsorships and Endorsements[edit]




Trevor Bayne's AdvoCare-branded Ford Mustang in NASCAR competition.


Among AdvoCare's contracted celebrity endorsers are NFL quarterbacks Andy Dalton, Philip Rivers and Alex Smith; Major League Baseball pitcher Doug Fister; CrossFit champion Rich Froning; and, previously, Carli Lloyd, Sam Bradford, and Wes Welker.[9] However, their most important spokesman is New Orleans Saints quarterback Drew Brees.[9] Celebrity endorsers are said to be central to "the Bulletproof Shield," a key sales and recruitment technique used by the company: distributors place themselves at the center of a chart illustrating the company's endorsements and members of its scientific and medical advisory board, and deflects questions about the company by replying, "Well, I don't know about (X), but what I do know is" that particular athletes or doctors have endorsed AdvoCare.[9]
From 2009 until 2013, AdvoCare was the title sponsor of the Independence Bowl in Shreveport, Louisiana. The 2013 game was known as the AdvoCare V100 Bowl.[19][20][21] In 2012, AdvoCare partnered with the Major League Soccer team FC Dallas and became its jersey sponsor.[22]
In 2014, AdvoCare secured the naming rights of a professional sports practice facility located at The Greenbrier in West Virginia.[23] The facility was named the AdvoCare Sports Performance Center and hosted the 2014 training camp for the New Orleans Saints.[24][25][26] AdvoCare also became the title sponsor of the 2014 Texas Bowl.[27] In 2016, AdvoCare will be sponsoring the Texas Kickoff and Cowboys Classic games.[28][29]
Since 2011,[30][31] AdvoCare has sponsored several NASCAR racing teams, as well as races at Atlanta Motor Speedway and Phoenix International Raceway.[30][31] The company has sponsored driver Trevor Bayne and Roush Fenway Racing in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series and Xfinity Series since 2014.[9][32]
Controversy[edit]
In July 2008, Olympic swimmer Jessica Hardy tested positive for the banned breathing enhancer, clenbuterol. Hardy said she had never heard of the substance, attributing the positive result to either a tainted supplement or sabotage.[33][34] At the time, Hardy had been taking the supplement Arginine Extreme, which she had received for free from AdvoCare in exchange for making product testimonials,[35][36] and she claimed in a subsequent lawsuit that the company's product was tainted.[37] AdvoCare sued Hardy for making false claims.[38] An arbitration hearing reduced Hardy's suspension after a scientific expert testified that the AdvoCare product was tainted. AdvoCare disputed the panel's findings, saying that two independent laboratories had not found any evidence of Clenbuterol in the supplements.[39]
In 2009, a Dallas County jury awarded $1.9 million in damages against AdvoCare after finding that the company had engaged in deceptive trade practices and unfairly canceled agreements with two of its distributors.[40] According to the lawsuit, litigants Bruce and Teresa Badgett of Arlington, Texas, had been active and profitable marketers of AdvoCare products for more than a dozen years before their distributorship was canceled by the company in 2006 "based upon vague and trumped-up charges." The jury found that AdvoCare engaged in false, misleading or deceptive practices that damaged the Badgetts and that the termination provisions of the distributor contract with AdvoCare were unconscionable, according to court documents. AdvoCare disputed the ruling[40] and on April 30, 2010, filed to appeal the decision on the basis that the plaintiffs were not customers and therefore did not fit the statutory definition necessary to be covered under the Texas Deceptive Trade Practices Act.[41] The appeal was dismissed on March 13, 2012 and the company was ordered to reimburse the Badgett's for court costs related to their defense in the appeal case.[42]
AdvoCare ceased offering KickStart Spark, targeted to youth age 4-11, after pediatricians had expressed concerns about the product containing 60 mg of caffeine.[43] AdvoCare was also the subject of criticism for its marketing at youth athletic events. In 2005, the company paid $5,000 to sponsor a high school wrestling tournament in Sacramento but after negative publicity, AdvoCare officials said they would not sponsor any more school events.[43]
Wendy Miller of the Beaumont Weight Control Center said AdvoCare's Herbal Cleanse is probably safe for many users, but she suggested that the same results could be achieved without the products.[44]
In March 2016, Advocare was the subject of a critical exposée in ESPN The Magazine. The exposée argues that the company and a small number of distributors at the top of a distribution network makes most of its money from the signing-up of new distributors rather than sales of the product, while exaggerating the likelihood of financial success of distributors when only a few make a significant amount of money; that the company creates a cult-like atmosphere of not questioning the company's claims or the probability of financial success in new distributors, to the point where distributors will shun friends and family members who do so; and that the company is internally riven by divisions over the company's strong use of religious affiliation as part of its business model, with more devout members of the organization using it to gain and hold power in the organization and over its members.[9]
See also[edit]


Companies portal



List of food companies

References[edit]


^ Barbara Seale (1 Sep 2013). "AdvoCare a two decade marathon". Direct Selling News. Retrieved 13 Nov 2013. 
^ / AdvoCare Profile
^ a b "Multi-level Marketing Or Pyramid Scheme? That’s The Question". Valley News. Archived from the original on 6 November 2014. Retrieved 5 November 2014. 
^ a b Greene, Jody. "Is MLM a Bad Word?". Forbes. Retrieved 5 November 2014. 
^ a b Brooks, Douglas M. "The Pyramid Scheme Industry: Examining Some Legal and Economic Aspects of Multi-Level Marketing" (PDF). Retrieved 5 November 2014. 
^ a b "Advocare International v. Karen Ford, et. al" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on October 19, 2013. [better source needed]  (11.0 MB) (page 23)
^ a b "Three CEOs Reinvent Themselves With Second Careers". D Magazine. August 2010. Archived from the original on 2011-06-19. Retrieved 2011-01-31. 
^ Candace Carlisle (19 Oct 2012). "Richard Wright and his wife don’t just run AdvoCare International, they’re customers". Dallas Business Journal. Retrieved 18 Oct 2013. 
^ a b c d e f g Kimes, Mina (15 March 2016). "Drew Brees Has A Dream He’d Like To Sell You". ESPN The Magazine, Outside the Lines. Retrieved 3 April 2016. 
^ "Arrowheadlines: Kansas City Chiefs News 2/23". SB Nation Arrowhead Pride. 23 February 2014. 
^ "K.C. Has Bob McAdams And Send 3 Rookies Off". Lawrence Journal-World. Associated Press. August 28, 1965. Retrieved July 7, 2015. 
^ Obituary Central Archive
^ Gary Abbot (4 June 2001). "AdvoCare Founder Charles Ragus, 58, passed away on Friday June 1". the Mat. Retrieved 18 Oct 2013. 
^ Candace Carlisle (19 Oct 2012). "AdvoCare CEO shares his secrets to health, business success". Dallas Business Journal. Retrieved 18 Oct 2013. 
^ "Products". AdvoCare. Retrieved 1 Nov 2013. 
^ "2013 Income Disclosure Statement" (pdf). Retrieved 15 August 2014. 
^ "Member Companies Emphasize Ethics in Corporate Behavior". dsa.org. Retrieved 9 December 2015. 
^ "2011–2012 DSA Officers, Board Members, Elected During DSA’s Annual Meeting". Archived from the original on February 9, 2012. Retrieved 27 June 2012. 
^ Roy Lang (28 Jan 2010). "AdvoCare Recommits to I-Bowl". Shreveport Times. Retrieved 5 Nov 2013. 
^ Goins, Adria (21 August 2013). "Longtime bowl expected to lose Advocare sponsorship". KSLA 12. Retrieved 6 November 2013. 
^ Dee, Chris (21 August 2013). "Advocare No Longer Title Sponsor For Annual Bowl Game". 1130am (Radio). Retrieved 6 November 2013. 
^ Botta, Christopher (27 June 2012). "FC Dallas Signs Multiyear Deal With AdvoCare To Serve As Jersey Sponsor". Sports Business Daily. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ "AdvoCare secures naming rights for New Orleans pro football training facility". Plano Star Courier. 4 August 2014. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ McFarling, Aaron (25 July 2014). "New Orleans Saints open camp in West Virginia". The Roanoke Times. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ Johnson, Shauna (23 July 2014). "Saints receive big welcome in Greenbrier County". MetroNews. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ Vingle, Mitch (21 July 2014). "Greenbrier unveils Saints facility". The Charleston Gazette. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ Barron, David (11 February 2014). "Texas Bowl gets a new sponsor in AdvoCare International". Houston Chronicle. Retrieved 4 April 2014. 
^ Berman, Mark (28 July 2014). "University of Houston expected to open 2016 college football season against Oklahoma". My Fox Houston. Archived from the original on 14 February 2015. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ Helman, David (16 July 2014). "Alabama, USC To Open 2016 Season At AT&T Stadium". Dallas Cowboys official site. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ a b Spencer, Lee (August 21, 2013). "Bayne to team with AdvoCare in '14". Fox Sports. Retrieved 27 November 2016. 
^ a b "AdvoCare To Sponsor Leavine Family Racing’s No.95 Ford". SpeedwayMedia.com. August 23, 2011. Retrieved 27 November 2016. 
^ Spencer, Lee (November 3, 2016). "Bayne signs multi-year contract extension with Roush Fenway Racing". Motorsport.com. Retrieved 27 November 2016. 
^ "Olympic swimmer Jessica Hardy: 'I'm innocent'". USA Today. 2008-07-26. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ "Hardy presses forward with tainted-supplement defense". Seattle Times. 2008-08-04. Archived from the original on October 12, 2008. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ Aschwanden, Christie (July 26, 2012). "Athletes, Stop Taking Supplements". Slate Magazine. 
^ Futterman, Matthew. "Trials and Tribulations of the Angry Swimmer". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 5 Nov 2014. 
^ "Swimmer Hardy blames company for failed drug test". USA Today. 2009-01-30. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ "U.S. swimmer, supplement firm countersue". UPI. 2009-02-16. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ "Supplement maker AdvoCare disputes Hardy panel findings". Seattle Times. 2009-05-05. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ a b Tsai, Joyce (31 Aug 2009). "Jury returns verdict against AdvoCare". Dallas Business Journal. Retrieved 6 Nov 2014. 
^ "Advocare International, L.P. (Appellant) V. Bruce Badgett and Teresa Badgett (Appellees): Case No.05-10-00917-CV" (PDF). Court of Appeals for the Fifth District of Texas. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2014-11-07. Retrieved 6 Nov 2014. 
^ "AdvoCare International, L.P., v. Badgett, Bruce and Teresa Badgett". Justia.com. March 13, 2012. Retrieved 6 Nov 2014. 
^ a b "A Sports Drink for Children Is Jangling Some Nerves". New York Times. 2005-09-25. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ Taking the 24-Day Challenge. ABC / WXYZ. Archived from the original on 23 May 2011. 


External links[edit]

Official website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=AdvoCare&oldid=791091587"					
Categories: Food and drink companies of the United StatesMulti-level marketing companiesNutritional supplement companiesWeight loss companiesCompanies established in 1993Hidden categories: All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from October 2013Pages using deprecated image syntaxCoordinates not on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


فارسی 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 02:34.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








	How (Not) to Be Secular - James K. A. Smith : Eerdmans














































 Shopping Cart 
									() 
									
										
										  My Account



















 











About Eerdmans


|


Customer Service


|


Young Readers


|
Authors
|
Educators
|
Ministers
|
Business Customers
|
Eerdmans Bookstore
|
Clearance





History


Philosophy


Eerdfolks






I Love Eerdmans


Contact Us


Employment






Request a Catalog


Conferences


Submission Guidelines










Ordering Information


Request Rights


Exam Copy






FAQs


Request Permissions


Review Copy-Media






Download QSOF




Ministry Preview Copy


Review Copy-Blogger








About EBYR


EBYR News


EBYR Awards






Authors/Illustrators


Teachers/Librarians


Upcoming Shows






Submission Guidelines


Coloring Pages


Request a Review Copy
































Home  >  How (Not) to Be Secular
















Categories



Coming Soon


 


Recently Released


 


Award Winners


 


Bestsellers


 


Series


 


Young Readers


 


 


 


Biblical Studies


Archaeology / Back ...

Dead Sea Scrolls


Second Temple Ju ...



Hermeneutics and T ...


Grammars and Exege ...

Greek


Hebrew



Old Testament Studies

Criticism


History


Introduction / S ...


Literature


Theology



Apocrypha and Pseu ...


New Testament Studies

John Studies


Jesus Studies


Criticism


History


Introduction / S ...


Literature


Theology


Paul Studies


Synoptic Gospels



Reference


 


Commentaries


Old Testament

General Works


Genesis


Exodus


Leviticus


Numbers


Deuteronomy


Joshua


Judges


Ruth


1 Samuel


2 Samuel


1 Kings


2 Kings


1 Chronicles


2 Chronicles


Ezra


Nehemiah


Esther


Job


Psalms


Proverbs


Ecclesiastes


Song of Solomon


Isaiah


Jeremiah


Lamentations


Ezekiel


Daniel


Hosea


Joel


Amos


Obadiah


Jonah


Micah


Nahum


Habakkuk


Zephaniah


Haggai


Zechariah


Malachi



New Testament

General Works


Matthew


Mark


Luke


John


Acts


Romans


1 Corinthians


2 Corinthians


Galatians


Ephesians


Philippians


Colossians


1 Thessalonians


2 Thessalonians


1 Timothy


2 Timothy


Titus


Philemon


Hebrews


James


1 Peter


2 Peter


1 John


2 John


3 John


Jude


Revelation



 


Theology


Biblical Theology


Historical Theology


Philosophical Theology


Systematic Theology

Anthropology


Christology


Eschatology


Ecclesiology


Pneumatology


Soteriology


Trinity



Social Theology

Feminist Theology


Nonviolent Theology


Political Theology



Theological Traditions

Anglican


Catholic


Evangelical


Lutheran


Mennonite


Orthodox


Pentecostal


Reformed


Wesleyan



Notable Theologians

Abraham Kuyper


Augustine


Dietrich Bonhoeffer


Henri de Lubac


Hans Urs von Bal ...


John Calvin


Jonathan Edwards


John Howard Yoder


Karl Barth


Martin Luther


Popes


Reinhold Niebuhr


Stanley Hauerwas


Soren Kierkegaard


Thomas Aquinas



 


Philosophy


 


Ethics


Personal Ethics


Legal Ethics


Medical Ethics


Social Ethics


Marriage, Sex, and ...


 


Church and Ministry


Practical Theology

Apologetics / Th ...


Pastoral Care an ...


Preaching


Pastoral Formation


Pastoral Leadership


Sermons



Education / Spirit ...


Congregational Life


Mission and Evangelism


Worship and Liturgy

Sacraments and Rites



 


Faith and Life


Bible Study


Christian Belief


Christian Living

Grief and Suffering


Marriage and Family


Vocation



Devotional and Ins ...


Prayer


Self-Help


Spirituality


 


Religion and Society


Church and State


Religion and Law


War and Peace


Postmodernism


 


Religion and Science


 


Religious Studies


World Religions

Catholic Studies


Islamic Studies


Jewish Studies


Orthodox Studies


Protestant Studies



Ecumenism


Pluralism & Interf ...


Global Christianity


 


History


Ancient Near Easte ...


Religious History

Early American


Early Church


Modern


Medieval


Reformation



American History

Regional History



Biography


Women's History


Historical Reference


 


Social Sciences


Anthropology


Business and Economics


Cultural Studies


Education


Political Science


Psychology


 


Humanities


Art


Film and Theater


Literature

Analysis and Cri ...


Anthologies


Essays


Fiction


Inklings


Letters


Memoir


Poetry



Music


 


All Categories


 


 


 


Format


Board Book


Hardcover


Paperback


CD-ROM


 


Price


$0 — $10


$10 — $25


$25 — $50


$50 +


 

















Continue Shopping

















Share
|











How (Not) to Be Secular
Reading Charles Taylor


James K. A. Smith



PAPERBACK; Published: 5/1/2014
ISBN: 978-0-8028-6761-2
160 Pages
Trim Size, in inches: 6 x 9Buy the ebook: Kindle




In Stock
Ships within 3 business days



Price: $ 16.00







Backorder Policy
|
Shipping Information







DESCRIPTION
A smart, intelligent guide to  navigating today's  cultureHow (Not)  to Be Secular is what Jamie  Smith calls "your hitchhiker's guide to  the present" — it is both a  reading guide to Charles Taylor's  monumental work A Secular  Age and philosophical guidance  on how we might learn to live in our  times.Taylor's landmark book  A Secular Age (2007)  provides a monumental, incisive  analysis of what it means to live in the  post-Christian present — a  pluralist world of competing beliefs and  growing unbelief. Jamie Smith's book is  a compact field guide to Taylor's  insightful study of the secular, making  that very significant but daunting work  accessible to a wide array of  readers.Even more, though,  Smith's How (Not) to Be  Secular is a practical  philosophical guidebook, a kind of  how-to manual on how to live in our  secular age. It ultimately offers us an  adventure in self-understanding and  maps out a way to get our bearings in  today's secular culture, no matter who  "we" are — whether believers or  skeptics, devout or doubting, self- assured or puzzled and confused. This  is a book for any thinking person to  chew on.Read a blog post  from the author on EerdWord.





AWARDS and RECOGNITIONS
Christianity Today 2015 Book Award for Christianity and Culture




REVIEWS

Conrad Grebel Review"Readers in any church tradition, or none at all, can benefit from Smith's accessible and lively book."

Tim Keller—Redeemer Presbyterian Church, New York City"Charles Taylor's crucial book on our secular age is inaccessible for most people, including the church leaders who desperately need to learn from its insight. Jamie Smith's book is the solution to this problem. As a gateway into Taylor's thought, this volume (if read widely) could have a major impact on the level of theological leadership that our contemporary church is getting. It could also have a great effect on the quality of our communication and preaching. I highly recommend this book."

T. M. Luhrmann—Stanford University"This is a brilliant, beautifully written book on the dilemma of faith in a modern secular age. It introduces the reader to the material in Taylor's dense book, of course, but it does more. It invites the reader on a journey through the experience of the spirit in different centuries, and how our conceptions of mind and person shape belief in ways far more intimate than we usually imagine. How (Not) to Be Secular is a gem."

Hans Boersma—Regent College"Charles Taylor's daunting tome, A Secular Age, has just turned a great deal less intimidating. Combining his usual lucid style, his love for literature, and his passion for the church's future, Jamie Smith offers a faithful guide through the pages of Taylor's monumental work. Along the way, he wisely cautions his co-religionists against facile responses to the `disenchantment' of modernity, but he also insists that the Christian faith may have much more going for it than many recognize."

Review of Metaphysics"I highly recommend Smith's book, a short and clear introduction to Taylor's A Secular Age. Having slogged through Taylor's book, I think that Smith's book communicates well, contra MacIntyre, Taylor's analysis and extraordinary skill. . . . Illuminating and insightful." 

Christian Century"The importance of A Secular Age is matched by its inaccessibility. It is a great woolly mammoth of a book. . . . Smith's book does great work in opening Taylor's tome to a wider readership. His commentary is clear, accurate, and insightful. It is also concise, leading readers deep into Taylor's ideas in well under 200 pages. Smith's sure grasp of Taylor's big picture makes the details of the argument pop with fresh intelligibility."

Religious Studies Review"For those who have been intimidated by Charles Taylor's massive tome A Secular Age (2007), Smith has provided an accessible entry point to Taylor's work in How (Not) To Be Secular. . . . The work endeavors to distill Taylor's work for a wider audience and is more digestible than Taylor's daunting volume thanks to Smith's lucid and engaging prose. Those desiring an accurate summary of Taylor's work or those looking for a more sophisticated understanding of the secular age would find this book well worth the time."

Books & Culture"An altogether readable, charming and short introduction to Taylor's behemoth."

First Things"Those looking for an introduction to this supremely important work (Taylor's A Secular Age) but reluctant to wade through its 896 pages can turn to this economical commentary."

Choice"Smith offers a reader's guide to Taylor's lengthy work. This book succeeds as both a summation of Taylor's argument . . . and as a light critique. . . .A sympathetic, astute summation of Taylor's most ambitious work. Recommended."

Englewood Review of Books"This is philosophy with feet, a thick theology that will get your heart beating because it meets you in the complicated world we all share." 

University Bookman"Already in previous books Smith has proven himself adept at translating difficult philosophical and theological ideas for the broader church and culture. How (Not) to Be Secular continues in this trajectory. It is part cultural analysis, part philosophical ethnography, always accessible, and always with an eye toward the implications of Taylor's insights for the practice of Christian faith."

Cresset"Splendid, yet accessible and brief overview and discussion of what is arguably the most widely discussed work of philosophy of the last twenty years."

The Presbyterian Outlook"If one wants to understand the roots of our current cultural condition, Charles Taylor's book is essential. There is no better guide to it than James K. A. Smith."

Los Angeles Review of Books"Well written, clear, and accessible. Most important, it supplies a very reliable reconstruction of the essentials of Taylor's position. Smith is particularly adept at emphasizing the existential quality of Taylor's analysis of secularity: what does it feel like to be a believer or non-believer in the modern Western world? . . . Anyone seeking a quick but dependable overview of Taylor's argument in A Secular Age would benefit immensely from Smith's book. . . . [It] is a fine achievement and accomplishes just what it sets out to: providing its readers with a reliable road map to Charles Taylor's account of our secular age."















HEAR ABOUT
NEWS & DISCOUNTS







Required Field
Not a valid email







YOU MAY ALSO LIKE




















LATEST BLOG POSTS
Meet This Book: Into All the World
See More
The Legacy of John Stott’s Between Two Worlds
See More
Eerdmans All Over: July 21st, 2017
See More


















									NEWS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS
								

									

	
		
			
			
			Don't Miss a Thing!
			
			
			Visit EerdWord every Friday morning for our weekly roundup of news and more, Eerdmans All Over.
			
		
		
		
		
			
			
			Eerdmans Ap ...
									
See More






									ENDURING STANDARDS
								

									Eerdmans is proud to publish many books that have remained in print for decades - true classics that have stood the test of time. 

Visit our Enduring Standards page to see some of our perennially best-selling backlist books.










FAQ

Contact Us

All Categories





Terms & Conditions

Privacy Policy

Submission Guidelines



































				Copyright © 2017 Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing Company, All rights reserved
































Charles Schwab | A modern approach to investing & retirement













































Search 






Log In






Find a branch




Contact Us





Call


Schwab Brokerage

800-435-4000



Schwab Password Reset

800-780-2755



Schwab Bank

888-403-9000


Schwab Intelligent Advisory™

888-284-8723


Schwab Intelligent Portfolios®

855-694-5208


Schwab Trading Services

888-245-6864




All phone numbers




More ways to contact Schwab




Chat



Search





Log In





Schwab.com


中文登入


Schwab International


Schwab Advisor Services™


Schwab Intelligent Advisory™


Schwab Alliance


Schwab Charitable™


Retirement Plan Center


Equity Awards Center®


Schwab 529


Learning Quest® 529


Mortgage & HELOC


Charles Schwab Investment Management (CSIM)


Portfolio Management Services







To expand the menu panel use the down arrow key. Use Tab to navigate through submenu items.













Open an Account





Invest





Overview





Accounts & Products





Overview





Accounts





Overview




Brokerage Account





Individual Retirement Accounts (IRA)





Overview




Traditional IRA




Roth IRA




Rollover IRA




Inherited IRA




Custodial IRA






Trading Services




Global Trading





Small Business Retirement





Overview




Individual 401(k)




SEP IRA





Personal Defined Benefit Plan





Overview




FAQs






SIMPLE IRA




Business 401(k) Plan




Company Retirement Account







Trust, Estate & Charitable





Overview




Trust Account




Estate Account




Schwab Charitable







College Savings





Overview




College Savings Calculator





529 Savings Plan





Overview




529 State Tax Calculator




Learning Quest 529 Plan






Education Savings Account





Custodial Account





Overview




Custodial Transfer








Organization Account




PCRA







Investment Products





Overview





Mutual Funds





Overview





No Load, No Transaction Fee Mutual Funds





Overview




OneSource Select List




Schwab Income Select List






Index Funds





Funds Managed by Schwab





Overview





Fixed Income Funds





Overview




Taxable Funds




Tax Exempt Funds







Equity Funds





Overview




Index Funds




Actively Managed Funds






Investor Information







All-in-One Portfolio Solutions





Overview




Schwab Mutual Fund Portfolio Builder




Schwab Target Funds




Schwab Market Track Portfolios




Schwab Monthly Income Funds









ETFs





Overview




Schwab ETF OneSource





Schwab ETFs





Overview




Market-Cap Index ETFs




Fundamental Index ETFs






Schwab ETF Portfolio Builder




Investor Information







Stocks





Overview




Restricted Stock Services






Options


Futures
Overview
Futures Trading Education




Global Investing





CDs & Money Market Funds





Overview




CDs




Money Market Funds




Solutions to Invest Your Cash







Bonds, CDs and Other Fixed Income





Overview





Individual Bonds





Overview




Municipal Bonds




Treasury Securities




Corporate Bonds




Agency Bonds




Mortgage-Backed Securities




Bond Ladders






Bond Mutual Funds




Bond ETFs




Certificates of Deposit




Preferred Stocks




Fixed Income Pricing




Why Invest in Fixed Income




Three Common Errors




Fixed Income Specialists




Fixed Income Resources




Fixed Income Glossary




FAQs






Margin Loans





Annuities





Overview





Variable Annuities





Overview




Variable Annuity Analyzer




Schwab Retirement Income Variable Annuity




Schwab OneSource Choice Variable Annuity™







Single Premium Immediate Annuities





Overview




Income Annuity Estimator




Deferred Income Annuities

Overview

Income Annuity Estimator





Fixed Indexed Annuities




Fixed Deferred Annuities







Insurance





Overview





Life Insurance





Overview




Quotes




Needs Calculator






Disability Insurance




Long Term Care Insurance








Small Business Solutions




Credit Cards




Retirement Income






Pricing & Services





Overview




Fees & Minimums



Compare Trade Commissions




Understanding Fees





Overview




Portfolio Management




Bonds




ETFs




Mutual Funds




Commissions




Questions






Services & Support





Mobile Apps





Overview




iPhone and Apple Watch




iPad




Android




Kindle Fire




Mobile Web




Schwab Mobile Deposit









Investment Help





Overview





Portfolio Evaluation





Overview




Performance Reporting Video







Research





Overview




Markets





Stocks





Overview




Morningstar Equity Research






Options




Mutual Funds




ETFs




Bonds & Fixed Income









Retirement & Planning





Overview





Savings Basics





Overview




Savings Fundamentals




Managing Debt







Understanding IRAs





Overview





What is a Rollover IRA





Overview




401(k) Rollover Options




Combining 401(k)s




How to Rollover a 401(k)







What is a Traditional IRA





Overview




Contribution Limits




Withdrawal Rules







What is a Roth IRA





Overview




Contribution Limits




Conversion




Withdrawal Rules






What is a Custodial IRA





What is an Inherited IRA





Overview




Withdrawal Rules







Withdrawals & Distributions





Overview




Age 59 and Under




Age 59½ to 70




Age 70½ and Over







IRA Calculators





Overview




Roth vs. Traditional




Roth IRA Conversion




RMD




Beneficiary RMD






FAQs




Roth vs Traditional IRA







How to Invest





Overview





Investing Basics





Overview




Set Your Goals




Plan Your Mix




Start Investing




Stay on Track






Types of Investments




Find an Account that Fits




Get Help Finding Investments




Waiting Can Be Costly







Saving for Retirement 





Overview




How to Save for Retirement 




Retirement Savings Strategies: 20s and 30s 




Retirement Savings Strategies: 40s and beyond




Retirement Allocation




Portfolio Adjustments




Estimating Your Savings Goal




Retirement Calculator 







Retirement Income





Overview




Fundamentals 





Retirement Income Strategies 





Overview




Retirement Income Approaches




Create Your Paycheck







Retirement Portfolio Allocation





Overview




Retirement Investment Choices






Bond Ladders




Retirement Income Quiz




Retirement Income FAQs 







Saving for College 





Overview




College Planning 




College Savings Plans




Paying for College 




College Savings Calculator 







Estate Planning





Overview




Estate Planning Checklist 




Choosing an Attorney




Estate Taxes 




Tax Center

Overview

Tax Resources & Guides

Overview

Taxes 2016: What's new

Where are my tax forms?

End-of-year tax-smart strategies

Tax-advantaged investments

Cost basis

Tax deductible investment expenses

Taxes on short selling securities

Tax-loss harvesting and wash sales



Current Tax Rates & Rules

Overview

Federal income tax brackets

Dividends and capital gains tax 

Alternative minimum tax (AMT)

Medicare and Social Security tax rates

Estate and gift tax rates and rules 

IRA and 401(k) tax rates, rules, and limits 

ESA and 529 plan tax rates and rules

International investments: the foreign tax credit








Insurance Basics





Overview




Types of Insurance




Property Insurance




Disaster Plan 




Health Care Costs




Long-Term Care







Life Events





Overview




Inheritance




Managing a windfall




Changing jobs




Expanding your family




Getting married




Getting divorced




Losing a loved one






Tools






Wealth Management





Why Schwab





Overview




Satisfaction Guarantee





Reviews





Overview




Brokerage




IRAs




Trading Services




Checking from Schwab Bank






Awards




How We Can Help




10 Questions to Ask




Investing Principles









Bank





Overview





Checking Account





Overview




FAQs




Features and Fees






Savings Account





Home Loans





Overview




Today's Mortgage Rates 




Purchase a Home





Refinance Your Mortgage





Overview




FAQs






Home Equity Line of Credit





Mortgage Calculators





Overview




Mortgage Rate




Monthly Payments




Affordability




Rent vs. Buy




Refinancing







Mortgage Process





Overview




Mortgage Glossary






Start Your Loan







Pledged Asset Line





Overview




PAL FAQs









Trading





Overview




Start Trading




Pricing





Trading Tools





Overview





Trading Software





Overview




Find Opportunities




Research & Analyze




Place Trades




Risk Management




Account Management




Customize Platform




Access Over Web






Web Trading




Mobile Trading




Execution Quality






Research




Education




Support




Options




ETFs





Trading Insights





Overview




Trading Strategies




Research & Analyze




Options




ETFs




Schwab Live




Email Subscription






Investment Advice

Overview

Schwab Intelligent Portfolios®

Schwab Intelligent Advisory™

Schwab Private Client™

Schwab Advisor Network®

Schwab Managed Portfolios™

Overview

About Schwab Managed Portfolios

ETF Portfolios

Mutual Fund Portfolios



Managed Account Select®

ThomasPartners®

Overview

Dividend Growth

Balanced Income



Windhaven®

Overview

About Windhaven

Performance

Fees and Minimums








Insights





Overview


Commentary

Overview

Markets & Economy

Overview

Schwab Market Update

Schwab Investing Brief



Stocks

Fixed Income

Mutual Funds & ETFs

Options

International Investing

Portfolio Planning

Trading

Taxes

Retirement

Personal Finance & Planning

Ask Carrie

Overview

Kids & Teens

Couples & Families

Saving & Spending

Credit & Debt

Investing

Insurance

Taxes

Retirement

Homes & Mortgages



On Investing Magazine

Schwab Experts

Subscriptions

Overview

Market & Investing Insight

Ask Carrie: The Personal Side of Money

Podcasts - Schwab Market Update Audio

Podcasts - Straight Talk

Podcasts - Insights & Ideas

Overview

Insights & Ideas Video Files



Podcasts - Schwab Investing Brief Field Call








Insights & Ideas





Overview




Market Commentary




Washington Watch




Personal Finance & Planning




Portfolio Management




Retirement




Your Journey




How To




Investing Ideas




Long View




Decoder




Women & Investing




Ask Carrie







FOR CLIENTS





Overview




Forms & Applications




FAQs





Contact us





Overview




Find a Branch




Find a Consultant






Password Format






HOME




Open an Account

Find a Branch

Contact Us

Mobile Log In

Desktop Log In































Does Your Money Have a Plan?
Meet Schwab Intelligent Advisory
Expert advice + advanaced texhnology combined to create a customized financial plan.
See More




Welcome to a more modern approach

Investing based on your goals
Personal planning & automated investing
$4.95 standard online trade commissions

Low cost index funds with no minimums
Intuitive trading platforms and tools



 

News & Commentary







 


We encourage your questions. Here are top questions from investors like you.





Ready to Start

How much does it cost to work with Schwab?


                    There is no fee to open or maintain an account with Schwab (minimum deposits may apply). And there is no charge to work with a Schwab Financial Consultant. Although other account fees, fund expenses, and brokerage commissions may apply, we believe in keeping our fees low as a way to provide greater value to you. In fact, our fees are some of the lowest in the industry. We strive to keep fees low so that you have more to invest.


                    Get details about our fees: view our fees and commissions.


How do I open an account?

Opening an account takes about 10 minutes.
Before you begin, you'll need:

Your U.S. permanent resident address
Your Social Security number or Tax Identification Number
Your employer’s name and mailing address (if applicable)

These are the steps you’ll follow:

Choose your account type.
Provide your information.
Create a login ID and password.
Set your account features.
Accept the Terms and Conditions.
Fund your account.


                    To get started, open your account here or call 866-855-9102.
                  

How easy is it to switch brokerage providers?

Transferring your existing account(s) to Schwab is simple.

Open a new Schwab account at Schwab.com.
Click the "Transfers & Payments" tab.
Click "Transfer Account."
Follow the steps listed.


                    Our account transfer specialists can assist you every step of the way. Open a new Schwab account or log in to your existing account here, or call 866-855-9102.
                  


What We Offer

What are the tools & resources offered to traders like me?

Trading with Schwab means getting the innovative tools, premium insights, robust education, and dedicated specialist support of Schwab Trading Services™—all of which help give you what you need to make informed and timely trading decisions. And all with no trade minimums or platform fees (other account fees, fund expenses, and brokerage commissions may apply; see our Pricing guide for details).
Trade Stocks ETFs, Mutual Funds, and Options
Experience high-quality trade executions and use convenient online order tools including the All In One Trade Ticket®.
Access Robust Tools and Platforms
Trade with powerful web, software, and mobile trading platforms featuring advanced tools that are intuitive to use.
Generate Trade Ideas
Find your next trade with intuitive tools, plus trading insights and discussions from our Trading Community.
Use Expert Insights and Premium Research
Sharpen your instincts with actionable trading research and insights from Schwab and third parties.
Access Trading Education
Sharpen your trading skills using over 300 articles, videos, and guides, plus live and virtual trading workshops.
Get Up and Running Quickly
A one-on-one consultation with a trading specialist includes a strategy review, help setting up your tools, and more.
Rely on Dedicated Support
Receive priority access to dedicated specialists for ongoing, professional trading guidance.

What kind of investment products does Schwab offer?


                    Our wide selection of investment products provides you with the numerous choices in building a diversified portfolio to help reach your goals.
                  



Investment Product
What it is
Why you may want it




Mutual Funds
A mutual fund is an investment vehicle made up of a pool of funds from many investors that buys stocks, bonds, and other securities.
Mutual funds make it easy to diversify your portfolio and get professional management, so you don’t have to research, buy, and track every security in the fund.


Stocks
A stock represents a share in the ownership of a company, including a claim on the company’s earnings and assets. As such, stockholders are partial owners of the company.
Stocks are fundamental to nearly every portfolio and have historically outperformed most other investments over time (past performance cannot guarantee future results).


ETFs
An ETF, or exchange-traded fund, is an investment fund or portfolio of securities that holds assets like stocks, bonds, or commodities, generally designed to track an index. Unlike mutual funds, which are bought from or redeemed by the fund company for that day’s closing net asset value (NAV), ETFs are bought and sold at market value, trading on an exchange throughout the day.
In addition to adding diversity to your portfolio, ETFs typically have higher daily liquidity and lower fees than mutual fund shares, making them an attractive alternative for individual investors.


Options
An option is a financial derivative that represents a contract sold by one party (the option writer) to another party (the option holder). The contract offers the buyer the right, but not the obligation, to buy (call) or sell (put) a security or other financial asset at an agreed-upon price (the strike price) until or upon a specific date (expiration date).
Options can provide more-flexible strategies than stocks.


Futures
Futures are financial contracts obligating the buyer to purchase an asset or the seller to sell an asset, such as a physical commodity or a financial instrument, at a predetermined future date and price.
Futures can provide a fast and cost-effective way for you to access financial and commodity markets around the clock.


Closed-End Funds
A closed-end fund (CEF), or closed-ended fund, is a pooled investment fund with a portfolio managed by an investment advisor. CEF’s issue a fixed number of shares that trade on an exchange and are not redeemable from the fund. Unlike open-end funds (i.e., mutual funds), new shares in a closed-end fund are not created by managers to meet demand from investors.
Closed-end funds offer investors diversification along with the potential for regular income distributions.


Bonds, CDs, and Other Fixed Income
Fixed income investments are types of investments that seek to provide interest payments at regular intervals.
Fixed income investments can give you a reasonably dependable income stream while also providing portfolio diversification, capital preservation, and (in some cases) potential tax benefits.


Money Market Funds
Money market funds invest in short-term debts that typically have low risk.
Money market funds can offer stability of capital, liquidity, and yield.


Global Investing
Investing in foreign securities.
Global investing can provide more portfolio diversification and has the potential for investment opportunities in emerging markets around the world.




View important information


Investors should consider carefully information contained in the prospectus, including investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. You can request a prospectus by calling 800-435-4000. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing.
                        


                        Money market funds are neither insured nor guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Although certain funds may seek to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it is possible to lose money by investing in the fund.
                        

                        Investment returns will fluctuate and are subject to market volatility, so that an investor’s shares, when redeemed or sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Unlike mutual funds, shares of ETFs are not individually redeemable directly with the ETF. Shares are bought and sold at market price, which may be higher or lower than the net asset value (NAV).
                      
                        Options carry a high level of risk and are not suitable for all investors. Certain requirements must be met to trade options through Schwab. Please read the options disclosure document titled Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options.
                      
                        Futures trading carries a high level of risk and is not suitable for all investors. Certain requirements must be met to trade futures. Please read the Risk Disclosure Statement for Futures and Options before considering any futures transactions.
                      
                        Fixed income securities are subject to increased loss of principal during periods of rising interest rates. Fixed-income investments are subject to various other risks including changes in credit quality, market valuations, liquidity, prepayments, early redemption, corporate events, tax ramifications and other factors.
                      
                        International investments involve additional risks, which include differences in financial accounting standards, currency fluctuations, geopolitical risk, foreign taxes and regulations, and the potential for illiquid markets. Investing in emerging markets may accentuate these risks. 
                      



How can Schwab help me manage my investments on my own?

We believe investing should be done on your terms. So even if you want to manage your investments yourself, you can access our expert research, insights, platforms, and service specialists to help you when you need it.
                  
Make all the decisions on your own

                  Take advantage of our online tools, extensive research, expert insights, education opportunities, and dedicated support to help you make informed and timely decisions about your investments.
                  
Rely on a professional when you need to

                  Meet with a Schwab Financial Consultant to evaluate your current portfolio and, if needed, help you make adjustments so you’ll have a plan that addresses your long- and short-term goals.
                  

                  Call us at 866-855-9102 for 24/7 investing support and to learn more about how we can help you reach your financial goals.
                  

Why should I bank with Schwab Bank?


                    You’ll pay no ATM fees1 or transaction fees2 and have no account minimums while banking anytime, anywhere with Schwab Mobile. The Schwab Bank High Yield Investor Checking® account is linked to a Schwab One® brokerage account so you can easily manage both accounts with a single login. You can even link to Apple Pay® to make purchases with your iPhone® 6, iPhone 6 Plus, or iPhone 7.
                  

                    There are no monthly account service fees, you’ll earn interest on your balance, and your account is FDIC-insured up to $250,000.3 You’ll receive free standard checks and a Visa® Platinum Debit Card once the account has been funded.
                  

Open a Schwab Bank High Yield Investor Checking account or learn more.
                  

View important information


                      Apple and iPhone are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.
                      

                      1. Unlimited ATM fee rebates apply to cash withdrawals using the Schwab Bank Visa® Platinum debit card (also referred to as a "check card" or "Visa check card") wherever it is accepted. ATM fee rebates do not apply to any fees other than fees assessed for using an ATM to withdraw cash from your Schwab Bank account. Schwab Bank makes its best effort to identify those ATM fees eligible for rebate, based on information it receives from Visa and ATM operators. In the event that you have not received a rebate for a fee that you believe is eligible, please call a Schwab Bank Client Service Specialist for assistance at 888-403-9000. Schwab Bank reserves the right to modify or discontinue the ATM fee rebate at any time.
                      

                      2. Schwab Bank does not assess foreign transaction fees (i.e., a fee to convert US Dollars to local currency) to debit cardholders.
                      

                        3. Funds deposited at Charles Schwab Bank are insured, in aggregate, up to $250,000 based on account ownership type, by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC).
                      

                        Schwab Bank High Yield Investor Checking accounts are available only as linked accounts with Schwab One® accounts. The Schwab One brokerage account has no minimum balance requirements, and there is no requirement to fund this account, when it is opened with a linked High Yield Investor Checking account.
                      




How we Help

How can Schwab manage my investments for me?


                    At Schwab, you have access to a wide range of investment management services to help you reach your goals. And you’ll have access to a variety of investment strategies, investment advice, and the ability to regularly monitor and rebalance your portfolio.
                  

                    Compare your options by going here.  
                  

What is it like to work with Schwab?


                    At Schwab, we believe in putting investors first. We champion investors and those who serve them because we believe everyone should have the opportunity to achieve great financial outcomes.
                  

                    We see the world through your eyes. We get to know you and your needs before we make investment recommendations. We offer guidance, insights, and support no matter what type of account you have.
                  

What makes Schwab different?


                    We take a modern approach to investing. We believe in asking questions, being engaged, and taking ownership of your future.
                  

                    We measure ourselves not only by what we do, but by how we do it. Every action and decision is based on building trust and seeing things through the eyes of our clients.
                  

                    We’ve also been selected as one of the FORTUNE Top 50 “World’s Most Admired Companies®”: Schwab ranked #1 for Innovation and Social Responsibility in Key Attributes of Reputation and #2 in the Securities and Asset Management category1.
                  

                    Don’t just take our word for it. See what clients have to say about Schwab.
                  

View important information


                        1. From FORTUNE Magazine, March 1, 2016 ©2016 Time Inc. FORTUNE and The World's Most Admired Companies are registered trademarks of Time Inc. and are used under license. FORTUNE and Time Inc. are not affiliated with, and do not endorse products or services of Charles Schwab and Co, Inc. Based on a survey by the Korn Ferry Hay Group of 4,000 respondents comprised of corporate executives, directors, and analysts. The respondents were asked to select the ten companies they admired most from a list compiled according to selection criteria established by Fortune and Korn Ferry Hay Group.
                      








Don't see the answer you need?
Call 866-855-9102
Chat with us






 

Open your account today.
Let's take the next step together.
Open Your Account

 


Join our conversation






“Highest in Investor Satisfaction with Full Service Brokerage Firms, Two Years in a Row.”





Accounts

Brokerage Account
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
401(k) Rollover
SEP IRA
SIMPLE IRA
Schwab Bank Checking



Investments

Stocks
Bonds
Mutual Funds
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)
Options
Annuities



Calculators

Retirement Calculator
Mortgage Rate Calculator
Mortgage Affordability Calculator
Roth vs. Traditional IRA Calculator
RMD Calculator



Corporate Information

About Schwab
Work at Schwab
FC Academy



Active Trading

Trading Software
Web Trading



Investing Services

Charles Schwab Investment Management (CSIM)



For Clients

Forms & Applications
FAQs



For Independent Advisors

Schwab Advisor Services



Independent Branch

Schwab Franchise



For Employers

Retirement / 401(k) Plans
Retirement Recordkeepers
Stock Plans
Designated Brokerage
Schwab Index Advantage



Community Services

Financial Literacy & Community Programs



Multilingual Services

中文














   


Quote

Show IndicesSymbol Lookup






 


AdvoCare - Wikipedia






















 






AdvoCare

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Advocare)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Advocare, the Medicare Advantage plan from Security Health Plan of Wisconsin.

AdvoCare International





Type

Private


Industry
Multi-level marketing


Founded
1993; 24 years ago (1993) in Carrollton, Texas


Founder
Charles E. Ragus


Headquarters
Plano, Texas, United States



Area served

United States



Key people

Brian Connolly (CEO)


Products
Weight loss, nutritional supplements, sports nutrition, personal care


Revenue
US$ 400 million (est.) (2013)[1]



Number of employees

247 (est.) (2013)[2]


Website
www.advocare.com


Coordinates: 33°00′38″N 96°40′37″W﻿ / ﻿33.01053°N 96.676928°W﻿ / 33.01053; -96.676928
AdvoCare International, L.P. is an American multi-level marketing company[3][4][5] that sells dietary supplements. The company, headquartered in Plano, Texas, was founded in 1993 by Charles Ragus and employed roughly 250 people in 2013. AdvoCare distributes its products in the United States through a network of approximately 60,000 independent distributors,[6]



Contents


1 History
2 Products
3 Business
4 Sponsorships and Endorsements
5 Controversy
6 See also
7 References
8 External links



History[edit]
Charles Ragus founded AdvoCare in 1993 as a multi-level marketing (MLM) company that distributes dietary supplement products.[7][8] The name AdvoCare is short for "Advocates Who Care".[9] Before founding AdvoCare, Ragus worked as a regional vice president for Fidelity Union Insurance, and as a multi-level marketing (MLM) distributor for Herbalife. He had initially founded the MLM company Omnitrition International in 1989. Ragus briefly played defensive end for the National Football League's Kansas City Chiefs in the 1960s.[9][10][11] He died in 2001 at the age 58.[12][13]
In May 2007, Richard H. Wright became president and CEO of AdvoCare. Wright had previously served as Chief of Staff for US Representative Jim McCrery.[7][14]
Products[edit]
AdvoCare sells several lines of dietary supplements under the brand names Trim, Active, Well, Performance Elite, Fit, and 24 Day Challenge.[15]
Business[edit]
AdvoCare is a multilevel marketing company.[3][4][5] In addition to revenue from product sales, AdvoCare distributors can potentially earn additional commissions from sales by their 'downline' distributors. According to the company's 2013 Income disclosure statement, the average annual income, not including expenses, for AdvoCare distributors who were 'active' in 2013 (defined as earning a payment during the year) was $1,704.08.[16]
In a 2010 court case Advocare said that it had around 60,000 active distributors, and had sold approximately 350,000 distributorships since 2003.[6]
AdvoCare is a member of the U.S. Direct Selling Association (DSA), and participated in the 2010 DSA Code of Ethics Communication Initiative.[17] AdvoCare President Richard Wright served on the DSA Board of Directors in 2011.[18]
Sponsorships and Endorsements[edit]




Trevor Bayne's AdvoCare-branded Ford Mustang in NASCAR competition.


Among AdvoCare's contracted celebrity endorsers are NFL quarterbacks Andy Dalton, Philip Rivers and Alex Smith; Major League Baseball pitcher Doug Fister; CrossFit champion Rich Froning; and, previously, Carli Lloyd, Sam Bradford, and Wes Welker.[9] However, their most important spokesman is New Orleans Saints quarterback Drew Brees.[9] Celebrity endorsers are said to be central to "the Bulletproof Shield," a key sales and recruitment technique used by the company: distributors place themselves at the center of a chart illustrating the company's endorsements and members of its scientific and medical advisory board, and deflects questions about the company by replying, "Well, I don't know about (X), but what I do know is" that particular athletes or doctors have endorsed AdvoCare.[9]
From 2009 until 2013, AdvoCare was the title sponsor of the Independence Bowl in Shreveport, Louisiana. The 2013 game was known as the AdvoCare V100 Bowl.[19][20][21] In 2012, AdvoCare partnered with the Major League Soccer team FC Dallas and became its jersey sponsor.[22]
In 2014, AdvoCare secured the naming rights of a professional sports practice facility located at The Greenbrier in West Virginia.[23] The facility was named the AdvoCare Sports Performance Center and hosted the 2014 training camp for the New Orleans Saints.[24][25][26] AdvoCare also became the title sponsor of the 2014 Texas Bowl.[27] In 2016, AdvoCare will be sponsoring the Texas Kickoff and Cowboys Classic games.[28][29]
Since 2011,[30][31] AdvoCare has sponsored several NASCAR racing teams, as well as races at Atlanta Motor Speedway and Phoenix International Raceway.[30][31] The company has sponsored driver Trevor Bayne and Roush Fenway Racing in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series and Xfinity Series since 2014.[9][32]
Controversy[edit]
In July 2008, Olympic swimmer Jessica Hardy tested positive for the banned breathing enhancer, clenbuterol. Hardy said she had never heard of the substance, attributing the positive result to either a tainted supplement or sabotage.[33][34] At the time, Hardy had been taking the supplement Arginine Extreme, which she had received for free from AdvoCare in exchange for making product testimonials,[35][36] and she claimed in a subsequent lawsuit that the company's product was tainted.[37] AdvoCare sued Hardy for making false claims.[38] An arbitration hearing reduced Hardy's suspension after a scientific expert testified that the AdvoCare product was tainted. AdvoCare disputed the panel's findings, saying that two independent laboratories had not found any evidence of Clenbuterol in the supplements.[39]
In 2009, a Dallas County jury awarded $1.9 million in damages against AdvoCare after finding that the company had engaged in deceptive trade practices and unfairly canceled agreements with two of its distributors.[40] According to the lawsuit, litigants Bruce and Teresa Badgett of Arlington, Texas, had been active and profitable marketers of AdvoCare products for more than a dozen years before their distributorship was canceled by the company in 2006 "based upon vague and trumped-up charges." The jury found that AdvoCare engaged in false, misleading or deceptive practices that damaged the Badgetts and that the termination provisions of the distributor contract with AdvoCare were unconscionable, according to court documents. AdvoCare disputed the ruling[40] and on April 30, 2010, filed to appeal the decision on the basis that the plaintiffs were not customers and therefore did not fit the statutory definition necessary to be covered under the Texas Deceptive Trade Practices Act.[41] The appeal was dismissed on March 13, 2012 and the company was ordered to reimburse the Badgett's for court costs related to their defense in the appeal case.[42]
AdvoCare ceased offering KickStart Spark, targeted to youth age 4-11, after pediatricians had expressed concerns about the product containing 60 mg of caffeine.[43] AdvoCare was also the subject of criticism for its marketing at youth athletic events. In 2005, the company paid $5,000 to sponsor a high school wrestling tournament in Sacramento but after negative publicity, AdvoCare officials said they would not sponsor any more school events.[43]
Wendy Miller of the Beaumont Weight Control Center said AdvoCare's Herbal Cleanse is probably safe for many users, but she suggested that the same results could be achieved without the products.[44]
In March 2016, Advocare was the subject of a critical exposée in ESPN The Magazine. The exposée argues that the company and a small number of distributors at the top of a distribution network makes most of its money from the signing-up of new distributors rather than sales of the product, while exaggerating the likelihood of financial success of distributors when only a few make a significant amount of money; that the company creates a cult-like atmosphere of not questioning the company's claims or the probability of financial success in new distributors, to the point where distributors will shun friends and family members who do so; and that the company is internally riven by divisions over the company's strong use of religious affiliation as part of its business model, with more devout members of the organization using it to gain and hold power in the organization and over its members.[9]
See also[edit]


Companies portal



List of food companies

References[edit]


^ Barbara Seale (1 Sep 2013). "AdvoCare a two decade marathon". Direct Selling News. Retrieved 13 Nov 2013. 
^ / AdvoCare Profile
^ a b "Multi-level Marketing Or Pyramid Scheme? That’s The Question". Valley News. Archived from the original on 6 November 2014. Retrieved 5 November 2014. 
^ a b Greene, Jody. "Is MLM a Bad Word?". Forbes. Retrieved 5 November 2014. 
^ a b Brooks, Douglas M. "The Pyramid Scheme Industry: Examining Some Legal and Economic Aspects of Multi-Level Marketing" (PDF). Retrieved 5 November 2014. 
^ a b "Advocare International v. Karen Ford, et. al" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on October 19, 2013. [better source needed]  (11.0 MB) (page 23)
^ a b "Three CEOs Reinvent Themselves With Second Careers". D Magazine. August 2010. Archived from the original on 2011-06-19. Retrieved 2011-01-31. 
^ Candace Carlisle (19 Oct 2012). "Richard Wright and his wife don’t just run AdvoCare International, they’re customers". Dallas Business Journal. Retrieved 18 Oct 2013. 
^ a b c d e f g Kimes, Mina (15 March 2016). "Drew Brees Has A Dream He’d Like To Sell You". ESPN The Magazine, Outside the Lines. Retrieved 3 April 2016. 
^ "Arrowheadlines: Kansas City Chiefs News 2/23". SB Nation Arrowhead Pride. 23 February 2014. 
^ "K.C. Has Bob McAdams And Send 3 Rookies Off". Lawrence Journal-World. Associated Press. August 28, 1965. Retrieved July 7, 2015. 
^ Obituary Central Archive
^ Gary Abbot (4 June 2001). "AdvoCare Founder Charles Ragus, 58, passed away on Friday June 1". the Mat. Retrieved 18 Oct 2013. 
^ Candace Carlisle (19 Oct 2012). "AdvoCare CEO shares his secrets to health, business success". Dallas Business Journal. Retrieved 18 Oct 2013. 
^ "Products". AdvoCare. Retrieved 1 Nov 2013. 
^ "2013 Income Disclosure Statement" (pdf). Retrieved 15 August 2014. 
^ "Member Companies Emphasize Ethics in Corporate Behavior". dsa.org. Retrieved 9 December 2015. 
^ "2011–2012 DSA Officers, Board Members, Elected During DSA’s Annual Meeting". Archived from the original on February 9, 2012. Retrieved 27 June 2012. 
^ Roy Lang (28 Jan 2010). "AdvoCare Recommits to I-Bowl". Shreveport Times. Retrieved 5 Nov 2013. 
^ Goins, Adria (21 August 2013). "Longtime bowl expected to lose Advocare sponsorship". KSLA 12. Retrieved 6 November 2013. 
^ Dee, Chris (21 August 2013). "Advocare No Longer Title Sponsor For Annual Bowl Game". 1130am (Radio). Retrieved 6 November 2013. 
^ Botta, Christopher (27 June 2012). "FC Dallas Signs Multiyear Deal With AdvoCare To Serve As Jersey Sponsor". Sports Business Daily. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ "AdvoCare secures naming rights for New Orleans pro football training facility". Plano Star Courier. 4 August 2014. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ McFarling, Aaron (25 July 2014). "New Orleans Saints open camp in West Virginia". The Roanoke Times. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ Johnson, Shauna (23 July 2014). "Saints receive big welcome in Greenbrier County". MetroNews. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ Vingle, Mitch (21 July 2014). "Greenbrier unveils Saints facility". The Charleston Gazette. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ Barron, David (11 February 2014). "Texas Bowl gets a new sponsor in AdvoCare International". Houston Chronicle. Retrieved 4 April 2014. 
^ Berman, Mark (28 July 2014). "University of Houston expected to open 2016 college football season against Oklahoma". My Fox Houston. Archived from the original on 14 February 2015. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ Helman, David (16 July 2014). "Alabama, USC To Open 2016 Season At AT&T Stadium". Dallas Cowboys official site. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ a b Spencer, Lee (August 21, 2013). "Bayne to team with AdvoCare in '14". Fox Sports. Retrieved 27 November 2016. 
^ a b "AdvoCare To Sponsor Leavine Family Racing’s No.95 Ford". SpeedwayMedia.com. August 23, 2011. Retrieved 27 November 2016. 
^ Spencer, Lee (November 3, 2016). "Bayne signs multi-year contract extension with Roush Fenway Racing". Motorsport.com. Retrieved 27 November 2016. 
^ "Olympic swimmer Jessica Hardy: 'I'm innocent'". USA Today. 2008-07-26. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ "Hardy presses forward with tainted-supplement defense". Seattle Times. 2008-08-04. Archived from the original on October 12, 2008. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ Aschwanden, Christie (July 26, 2012). "Athletes, Stop Taking Supplements". Slate Magazine. 
^ Futterman, Matthew. "Trials and Tribulations of the Angry Swimmer". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 5 Nov 2014. 
^ "Swimmer Hardy blames company for failed drug test". USA Today. 2009-01-30. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ "U.S. swimmer, supplement firm countersue". UPI. 2009-02-16. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ "Supplement maker AdvoCare disputes Hardy panel findings". Seattle Times. 2009-05-05. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ a b Tsai, Joyce (31 Aug 2009). "Jury returns verdict against AdvoCare". Dallas Business Journal. Retrieved 6 Nov 2014. 
^ "Advocare International, L.P. (Appellant) V. Bruce Badgett and Teresa Badgett (Appellees): Case No.05-10-00917-CV" (PDF). Court of Appeals for the Fifth District of Texas. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2014-11-07. Retrieved 6 Nov 2014. 
^ "AdvoCare International, L.P., v. Badgett, Bruce and Teresa Badgett". Justia.com. March 13, 2012. Retrieved 6 Nov 2014. 
^ a b "A Sports Drink for Children Is Jangling Some Nerves". New York Times. 2005-09-25. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ Taking the 24-Day Challenge. ABC / WXYZ. Archived from the original on 23 May 2011. 


External links[edit]

Official website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=AdvoCare&oldid=791091587"					
Categories: Food and drink companies of the United StatesMulti-level marketing companiesNutritional supplement companiesWeight loss companiesCompanies established in 1993Hidden categories: All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from October 2013Pages using deprecated image syntaxCoordinates not on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


فارسی 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 02:34.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









AdvoCare - Wikipedia






















 






AdvoCare

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Advocare)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Advocare, the Medicare Advantage plan from Security Health Plan of Wisconsin.

AdvoCare International





Type

Private


Industry
Multi-level marketing


Founded
1993; 24 years ago (1993) in Carrollton, Texas


Founder
Charles E. Ragus


Headquarters
Plano, Texas, United States



Area served

United States



Key people

Brian Connolly (CEO)


Products
Weight loss, nutritional supplements, sports nutrition, personal care


Revenue
US$ 400 million (est.) (2013)[1]



Number of employees

247 (est.) (2013)[2]


Website
www.advocare.com


Coordinates: 33°00′38″N 96°40′37″W﻿ / ﻿33.01053°N 96.676928°W﻿ / 33.01053; -96.676928
AdvoCare International, L.P. is an American multi-level marketing company[3][4][5] that sells dietary supplements. The company, headquartered in Plano, Texas, was founded in 1993 by Charles Ragus and employed roughly 250 people in 2013. AdvoCare distributes its products in the United States through a network of approximately 60,000 independent distributors,[6]



Contents


1 History
2 Products
3 Business
4 Sponsorships and Endorsements
5 Controversy
6 See also
7 References
8 External links



History[edit]
Charles Ragus founded AdvoCare in 1993 as a multi-level marketing (MLM) company that distributes dietary supplement products.[7][8] The name AdvoCare is short for "Advocates Who Care".[9] Before founding AdvoCare, Ragus worked as a regional vice president for Fidelity Union Insurance, and as a multi-level marketing (MLM) distributor for Herbalife. He had initially founded the MLM company Omnitrition International in 1989. Ragus briefly played defensive end for the National Football League's Kansas City Chiefs in the 1960s.[9][10][11] He died in 2001 at the age 58.[12][13]
In May 2007, Richard H. Wright became president and CEO of AdvoCare. Wright had previously served as Chief of Staff for US Representative Jim McCrery.[7][14]
Products[edit]
AdvoCare sells several lines of dietary supplements under the brand names Trim, Active, Well, Performance Elite, Fit, and 24 Day Challenge.[15]
Business[edit]
AdvoCare is a multilevel marketing company.[3][4][5] In addition to revenue from product sales, AdvoCare distributors can potentially earn additional commissions from sales by their 'downline' distributors. According to the company's 2013 Income disclosure statement, the average annual income, not including expenses, for AdvoCare distributors who were 'active' in 2013 (defined as earning a payment during the year) was $1,704.08.[16]
In a 2010 court case Advocare said that it had around 60,000 active distributors, and had sold approximately 350,000 distributorships since 2003.[6]
AdvoCare is a member of the U.S. Direct Selling Association (DSA), and participated in the 2010 DSA Code of Ethics Communication Initiative.[17] AdvoCare President Richard Wright served on the DSA Board of Directors in 2011.[18]
Sponsorships and Endorsements[edit]




Trevor Bayne's AdvoCare-branded Ford Mustang in NASCAR competition.


Among AdvoCare's contracted celebrity endorsers are NFL quarterbacks Andy Dalton, Philip Rivers and Alex Smith; Major League Baseball pitcher Doug Fister; CrossFit champion Rich Froning; and, previously, Carli Lloyd, Sam Bradford, and Wes Welker.[9] However, their most important spokesman is New Orleans Saints quarterback Drew Brees.[9] Celebrity endorsers are said to be central to "the Bulletproof Shield," a key sales and recruitment technique used by the company: distributors place themselves at the center of a chart illustrating the company's endorsements and members of its scientific and medical advisory board, and deflects questions about the company by replying, "Well, I don't know about (X), but what I do know is" that particular athletes or doctors have endorsed AdvoCare.[9]
From 2009 until 2013, AdvoCare was the title sponsor of the Independence Bowl in Shreveport, Louisiana. The 2013 game was known as the AdvoCare V100 Bowl.[19][20][21] In 2012, AdvoCare partnered with the Major League Soccer team FC Dallas and became its jersey sponsor.[22]
In 2014, AdvoCare secured the naming rights of a professional sports practice facility located at The Greenbrier in West Virginia.[23] The facility was named the AdvoCare Sports Performance Center and hosted the 2014 training camp for the New Orleans Saints.[24][25][26] AdvoCare also became the title sponsor of the 2014 Texas Bowl.[27] In 2016, AdvoCare will be sponsoring the Texas Kickoff and Cowboys Classic games.[28][29]
Since 2011,[30][31] AdvoCare has sponsored several NASCAR racing teams, as well as races at Atlanta Motor Speedway and Phoenix International Raceway.[30][31] The company has sponsored driver Trevor Bayne and Roush Fenway Racing in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series and Xfinity Series since 2014.[9][32]
Controversy[edit]
In July 2008, Olympic swimmer Jessica Hardy tested positive for the banned breathing enhancer, clenbuterol. Hardy said she had never heard of the substance, attributing the positive result to either a tainted supplement or sabotage.[33][34] At the time, Hardy had been taking the supplement Arginine Extreme, which she had received for free from AdvoCare in exchange for making product testimonials,[35][36] and she claimed in a subsequent lawsuit that the company's product was tainted.[37] AdvoCare sued Hardy for making false claims.[38] An arbitration hearing reduced Hardy's suspension after a scientific expert testified that the AdvoCare product was tainted. AdvoCare disputed the panel's findings, saying that two independent laboratories had not found any evidence of Clenbuterol in the supplements.[39]
In 2009, a Dallas County jury awarded $1.9 million in damages against AdvoCare after finding that the company had engaged in deceptive trade practices and unfairly canceled agreements with two of its distributors.[40] According to the lawsuit, litigants Bruce and Teresa Badgett of Arlington, Texas, had been active and profitable marketers of AdvoCare products for more than a dozen years before their distributorship was canceled by the company in 2006 "based upon vague and trumped-up charges." The jury found that AdvoCare engaged in false, misleading or deceptive practices that damaged the Badgetts and that the termination provisions of the distributor contract with AdvoCare were unconscionable, according to court documents. AdvoCare disputed the ruling[40] and on April 30, 2010, filed to appeal the decision on the basis that the plaintiffs were not customers and therefore did not fit the statutory definition necessary to be covered under the Texas Deceptive Trade Practices Act.[41] The appeal was dismissed on March 13, 2012 and the company was ordered to reimburse the Badgett's for court costs related to their defense in the appeal case.[42]
AdvoCare ceased offering KickStart Spark, targeted to youth age 4-11, after pediatricians had expressed concerns about the product containing 60 mg of caffeine.[43] AdvoCare was also the subject of criticism for its marketing at youth athletic events. In 2005, the company paid $5,000 to sponsor a high school wrestling tournament in Sacramento but after negative publicity, AdvoCare officials said they would not sponsor any more school events.[43]
Wendy Miller of the Beaumont Weight Control Center said AdvoCare's Herbal Cleanse is probably safe for many users, but she suggested that the same results could be achieved without the products.[44]
In March 2016, Advocare was the subject of a critical exposée in ESPN The Magazine. The exposée argues that the company and a small number of distributors at the top of a distribution network makes most of its money from the signing-up of new distributors rather than sales of the product, while exaggerating the likelihood of financial success of distributors when only a few make a significant amount of money; that the company creates a cult-like atmosphere of not questioning the company's claims or the probability of financial success in new distributors, to the point where distributors will shun friends and family members who do so; and that the company is internally riven by divisions over the company's strong use of religious affiliation as part of its business model, with more devout members of the organization using it to gain and hold power in the organization and over its members.[9]
See also[edit]


Companies portal



List of food companies

References[edit]


^ Barbara Seale (1 Sep 2013). "AdvoCare a two decade marathon". Direct Selling News. Retrieved 13 Nov 2013. 
^ / AdvoCare Profile
^ a b "Multi-level Marketing Or Pyramid Scheme? That’s The Question". Valley News. Archived from the original on 6 November 2014. Retrieved 5 November 2014. 
^ a b Greene, Jody. "Is MLM a Bad Word?". Forbes. Retrieved 5 November 2014. 
^ a b Brooks, Douglas M. "The Pyramid Scheme Industry: Examining Some Legal and Economic Aspects of Multi-Level Marketing" (PDF). Retrieved 5 November 2014. 
^ a b "Advocare International v. Karen Ford, et. al" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on October 19, 2013. [better source needed]  (11.0 MB) (page 23)
^ a b "Three CEOs Reinvent Themselves With Second Careers". D Magazine. August 2010. Archived from the original on 2011-06-19. Retrieved 2011-01-31. 
^ Candace Carlisle (19 Oct 2012). "Richard Wright and his wife don’t just run AdvoCare International, they’re customers". Dallas Business Journal. Retrieved 18 Oct 2013. 
^ a b c d e f g Kimes, Mina (15 March 2016). "Drew Brees Has A Dream He’d Like To Sell You". ESPN The Magazine, Outside the Lines. Retrieved 3 April 2016. 
^ "Arrowheadlines: Kansas City Chiefs News 2/23". SB Nation Arrowhead Pride. 23 February 2014. 
^ "K.C. Has Bob McAdams And Send 3 Rookies Off". Lawrence Journal-World. Associated Press. August 28, 1965. Retrieved July 7, 2015. 
^ Obituary Central Archive
^ Gary Abbot (4 June 2001). "AdvoCare Founder Charles Ragus, 58, passed away on Friday June 1". the Mat. Retrieved 18 Oct 2013. 
^ Candace Carlisle (19 Oct 2012). "AdvoCare CEO shares his secrets to health, business success". Dallas Business Journal. Retrieved 18 Oct 2013. 
^ "Products". AdvoCare. Retrieved 1 Nov 2013. 
^ "2013 Income Disclosure Statement" (pdf). Retrieved 15 August 2014. 
^ "Member Companies Emphasize Ethics in Corporate Behavior". dsa.org. Retrieved 9 December 2015. 
^ "2011–2012 DSA Officers, Board Members, Elected During DSA’s Annual Meeting". Archived from the original on February 9, 2012. Retrieved 27 June 2012. 
^ Roy Lang (28 Jan 2010). "AdvoCare Recommits to I-Bowl". Shreveport Times. Retrieved 5 Nov 2013. 
^ Goins, Adria (21 August 2013). "Longtime bowl expected to lose Advocare sponsorship". KSLA 12. Retrieved 6 November 2013. 
^ Dee, Chris (21 August 2013). "Advocare No Longer Title Sponsor For Annual Bowl Game". 1130am (Radio). Retrieved 6 November 2013. 
^ Botta, Christopher (27 June 2012). "FC Dallas Signs Multiyear Deal With AdvoCare To Serve As Jersey Sponsor". Sports Business Daily. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ "AdvoCare secures naming rights for New Orleans pro football training facility". Plano Star Courier. 4 August 2014. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ McFarling, Aaron (25 July 2014). "New Orleans Saints open camp in West Virginia". The Roanoke Times. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ Johnson, Shauna (23 July 2014). "Saints receive big welcome in Greenbrier County". MetroNews. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ Vingle, Mitch (21 July 2014). "Greenbrier unveils Saints facility". The Charleston Gazette. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ Barron, David (11 February 2014). "Texas Bowl gets a new sponsor in AdvoCare International". Houston Chronicle. Retrieved 4 April 2014. 
^ Berman, Mark (28 July 2014). "University of Houston expected to open 2016 college football season against Oklahoma". My Fox Houston. Archived from the original on 14 February 2015. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ Helman, David (16 July 2014). "Alabama, USC To Open 2016 Season At AT&T Stadium". Dallas Cowboys official site. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ a b Spencer, Lee (August 21, 2013). "Bayne to team with AdvoCare in '14". Fox Sports. Retrieved 27 November 2016. 
^ a b "AdvoCare To Sponsor Leavine Family Racing’s No.95 Ford". SpeedwayMedia.com. August 23, 2011. Retrieved 27 November 2016. 
^ Spencer, Lee (November 3, 2016). "Bayne signs multi-year contract extension with Roush Fenway Racing". Motorsport.com. Retrieved 27 November 2016. 
^ "Olympic swimmer Jessica Hardy: 'I'm innocent'". USA Today. 2008-07-26. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ "Hardy presses forward with tainted-supplement defense". Seattle Times. 2008-08-04. Archived from the original on October 12, 2008. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ Aschwanden, Christie (July 26, 2012). "Athletes, Stop Taking Supplements". Slate Magazine. 
^ Futterman, Matthew. "Trials and Tribulations of the Angry Swimmer". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 5 Nov 2014. 
^ "Swimmer Hardy blames company for failed drug test". USA Today. 2009-01-30. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ "U.S. swimmer, supplement firm countersue". UPI. 2009-02-16. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ "Supplement maker AdvoCare disputes Hardy panel findings". Seattle Times. 2009-05-05. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ a b Tsai, Joyce (31 Aug 2009). "Jury returns verdict against AdvoCare". Dallas Business Journal. Retrieved 6 Nov 2014. 
^ "Advocare International, L.P. (Appellant) V. Bruce Badgett and Teresa Badgett (Appellees): Case No.05-10-00917-CV" (PDF). Court of Appeals for the Fifth District of Texas. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2014-11-07. Retrieved 6 Nov 2014. 
^ "AdvoCare International, L.P., v. Badgett, Bruce and Teresa Badgett". Justia.com. March 13, 2012. Retrieved 6 Nov 2014. 
^ a b "A Sports Drink for Children Is Jangling Some Nerves". New York Times. 2005-09-25. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ Taking the 24-Day Challenge. ABC / WXYZ. Archived from the original on 23 May 2011. 


External links[edit]

Official website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=AdvoCare&oldid=791091587"					
Categories: Food and drink companies of the United StatesMulti-level marketing companiesNutritional supplement companiesWeight loss companiesCompanies established in 1993Hidden categories: All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from October 2013Pages using deprecated image syntaxCoordinates not on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


فارسی 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 02:34.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 











SHOPPING Charles Storage Platform by Chic Home Furniture Reviews : If you're looking for Charles Storage Platform by Chic Home Furniture. Get Cheap Charles Storage Platform by Chic Home Furniture for Best deal Now!!


















































ENGLISH
                                                


FRENCH
ENGLISH








USD
                                                


EURO
YEN






00-62-658-658






My Account
Wishlist
My Cart
Checkout
Login



















D-script rachael Shopping Online Store







SHOPPING CART
0


Checkout



























Toggle navigation








Home
Faq
About
Sitemap






























Charles Storage Platform by Chic Home Furniture


Avilability: In stock

 


                                              Category: 



   

Buy Now
Check price Now.
More Details







Description
Reviews





Charles Storage Platform by Chic Home Furniture can be the most popular goods introduced the foregoing 1 week. Since stimulating the unmatched pregnancy, changed additionally right now accommodated absolutely no in excess of by yourself. After which it online a broad selection of goods it’s possible get. The actual entirely service or product was made by utilizing exclusive things that will somewhat possess fantastic and also style. Charles Storage Platform by Chic Home Furniture is a preferent opt for a number of us. And I JUST passionately advise it. While using external first-rate touchstones, as a result realising this product the classy as well as for example longer lasting. Alot of persons love the Charles Storage Platform by Chic Home Furniture because a great many models associated with colours, heroes, supplies.


Read: Need to Buy Charles Storage Platform by Chic Home Furniture ?
Are you looking for Charles Storage Platform by Chic Home Furniture google?
e
Here is the spot for you to definitely buy in good value for price and specials price.  See additional details in relation to Charles Storage Platform by Chic Home Furniture. Author :Bom Roon Average customer review : Average rating:4, based on 342 reviews Availability: In Stock

 Read: Search Result Youtube of Charles Storage Platform by Chic Home Furniture


Read: Charles Storage Platform by Chic Home Furniture Reviews
I think Charles Storage Platform by Chic Home Furniture is one in all best product on this website. It’s worth and worth is reasonable however it’s quality is high. So I suggest you to buy this. But if you not positive about my comment you’ll be able to check customer review at online store first.


Read: Where to Buy Charles Storage Platform by Chic Home Furniture Reviews
Looking for Buy Charles Storage Platform by Chic Home Furniture? Here is the place for you to shop for buy Charles Storage Platform by Chic Home Furniture in special value.
Which is easy, safe and fast, with high reliability. The store will have the following information.
We have a tendency to collect important info of buy Charles Storage Platform by Chic Home Furniture on our web site.
You’ll be able to check feature , description and feedback customer review of Buy Charles Storage Platform by Chic Home Furniture. Let’s check currently.
You might try to look for related products and commonly will help you to choose order by clicking on the button or link below.


Read: Thank You to Buy Charles Storage Platform by Chic Home Furniture From My Blog
Thanks for your visit our website. Hopefully you will satisfied with Buy Charles Storage Platform by Chic Home Furniture. You click to Buy For Check prices here. Buy Charles Storage Platform by Chic Home Furniture on us price. You can Buy Charles Storage Platform by Chic Home Furniture Online Store.


Read: Keyword Relate with : Charles Storage Platform by Chic Home Furniture
Buy Cheap Charles Storage Platform by Chic Home Furniture, Charles Storage Platform by Chic Home Furniture Review , Where to Buy Charles Storage Platform by Chic Home Furniture , Buy Charles Storage Platform by Chic Home Furniture Shopping , Cheap Charles Storage Platform by Chic Home Furniture for Buy 

Read: Detail Feed Article of Charles Storage Platform by Chic Home Furniture}}
- Charles Storage Platform by Chic Home Furniture  Buy Cheap Charles Storage Platform by Chic Home Furniture look at ...




2 Reviews for Charles Storage Platform by Chic Home Furniture 
                                      SHOPPING Charles Storage Platform by Chic Home Furniture Reviews : If you're looking for Charles Storage Platform by Chic Home Furniture. Get Cheap Charles Storage Platform by Chic Home Furniture for Best deal Now!!
                                        Add a review

Your Rating









Your Review



Name



Email


Submit







Related Products




More Detail

Hailey 6 Drawer Dresser with Mirror by Sandberg Furniture










HOT!



More Detail

Cutlass Open-Frame Headboard by Largo










HOT!



More Detail

Children's Kids Recliner with Cup Holder by Viv + Rae










HOT!



More Detail

Folding Bed by InnerSpace Luxury Products










HOT!



More Detail

Portugal Mahogany Bedroom Bench by Furniture Classics LTD










HOT!



More Detail

Coastal Living Retreat 1 Drawer Nightstand by Coastal Living by Stanley Furniture










HOT!



More Detail

Lily Rose 4 Drawer Chest by South Shore










HOT!



More Detail

Romania  Platform 5 Piece Bedroom Set by BestMasterFurniture










HOT!















5 out of 5    based on 5 customer ratings   

(956210 customer reviews) 












×
Login or Register

Username or Email address*

Password*

Login
 Remember me 
Lost your password?

                            Don't have an account?Register now!

















































Charles - Reading comprehension questions  by The Teacher's Lounge











About UsSchoolsGift CardsHelpAll CategoriesFeaturedVideosSummerBack to SchoolAutumnClassroom Community ScienceEnglish Language ArtsMathTools for Common CoreFree DownloadsOn Sale This WeekMain CategoriesGrade LevelPre-K - K1 - 23 - 56 - 89 - 12OtherSubjectArts & MusicEnglish Language ArtsForeign LanguageMathScienceSocial Studies - HistorySpecialtyHolidays/SeasonalPriceFreeUnder $5$5 to $10$10 and upOn SaleResource TypeLesson PlansActivitiesExams/QuizzesWorksheetsWhite Board ActivitiesPowerPointNovel StudiesSellers by LocationUnited StatesCanadaAustraliaUnited KingdomAll SellersCartCart is emptyTotal:$0.00View Wish ListView CartLog InJoin UsWhoops! Something went wrong.Click here to refresh the pageCharles - Reading comprehension questions SubjectEnglish Language Arts, Reading, Short StoriesGrade Levels6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, HomeschoolResource TypeExaminations - Quizzes, Worksheets, HomeworkProduct Rating4.0•3 ratingsFile TypePDF (Acrobat) Document File
  Be sure that you have an application to open
  this file type before downloading and/or purchasing.
111 KB|2 pagesProduct DescriptionCharles by Shirley Jackson - Reading comprehension questions. This two page worksheet has questions about the main character, narrator, setting and basic happenings in the story.  It is meant to be completed after the story has been read.  



Total Pages 2 pages Answer Key N/A Teaching Duration N/A Report this ResourceComments & RatingsProduct Q & A$1.50Digital DownloadAdd one to cartBuy licenses to shareAdd to Wish ListThe Teacher's Lounge74 FollowersFollow$1.50Digital DownloadAdd one to cartBuy licenses to shareAdd to Wish ListTeachers Pay Teachers is an online marketplace where teachers buy and sell original educational materials.Learn MoreAbout Who We Are  We're Hiring  Press  Top 100 Resources  Blog Support Help & FAQ  Contact Us  Terms of Service  Trademark & Copyright  Privacy Policy Keep in Touch!Are you getting the free resources, updates, and special offers we send out every week in our teacher newsletter?Sign up










Charles by Charles David Mya at Zappos.com













































Customer Service


Live Chat


FAQs


Contact Info


Shipping and Returns


Secure Shopping


Give us Feedback



Available 24/7 at (800) 927-7671





Join Zappos Rewards:
3X Points + Expedited Shipping!*













Search



My Cart




Sign In / Register




My Account



Welcome back!
Account Overview
Favorites
Rewards
Sign Out
















« Back
|
 Shoes
› Sandals
› Charles by Charles David











 



Images
Information




 





Charles by Charles David

Mya



 


 



































































View the size chart

View Zappos.com Glossary of Terms
Find something wrong in this description? Help us fix it! Report An Error



Description

Indoctrinate a new essential into the coming season with the simply stylish Charles by Charles David™ Mya slide. 
Satin textile upper.
Slip-on design.
Round-toe silhouette.
Asymmetrical satin fold detailing at vamp.
Synthetic lining and insole. 
Lightly-cushioned footbed.
Micro-wedge heel.
Synthetic outsole.
Imported.
Measurements:

 Heel Height: 3⁄4 in
 Weight: 7 oz


Product measurements were taken using size 7.5, width M. Please note that measurements may vary by size.
Check out this comfort-enhancing accessory: 




This item is currently unavailable, but here are some similar products

No Similar Items Available
We can't currently find any similar items for the Mya by Charles by Charles David. Sorry!









Item Information


 View the size chart



Indoctrinate a new essential into the coming season with the simply stylish Charles by Charles David™ Mya slide. 
Satin textile upper.
Slip-on design.
Round-toe silhouette.
Asymmetrical satin fold detailing at vamp.
Synthetic lining and insole. 
Lightly-cushioned footbed.
Micro-wedge heel.
Synthetic outsole.
Imported.
Measurements:

 Heel Height: 3⁄4 in
 Weight: 7 oz


Product measurements were taken using size 7.5, width M. Please note that measurements may vary by size.
Check out this comfort-enhancing accessory: 


View Zappos.com Glossary of Terms
Find something wrong in this description? Help us fix it! Report An Error

Show More Information »
« Show Less Information








Customer Reviews

Charles by Charles David
Mya






 





 




$79.00

Ships Free!









Black Satin
Cabernet Satin
Midnight Satin





Choose Women's size
5
5.5
6
6.5
7
7.5
8
8.5
9
9.5
10
11




Width: M


Don't see your size?




Add to Cart


Add to Favorites


Notify Me of New Styles

Share:







Tweet




Pin It



Email



















 SKU 8965113






A SHIBBITY BOO! Lucky shopper! You've discovered the PERSONAL SHOPPING WIZARD. HUHUHUHU! I know JUST the things for you!

Need Help?

 Have size or selection questions? We can help!
Begin Live Chat

Close










Shop With Confidence
Shopping on Zappos.com is Safe and Secure. Guaranteed!
You'll pay nothing if unauthorized charges are made to your credit card as a result of shopping at Zappos.com.


 Safe Shopping Guarantee

BBBOnLine Reliability Seal
Bizrate 2010 Circle of Excellence Platinum

All information is encrypted and transmitted without risk using a Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
 How We Protect Your Personal Data »





Free Shipping and Free Returns

If, for any reason, you are unsatisfied with your purchase from Zappos Retail, Inc. you may return it in its original condition within 365 days for a refund. We'll even pay for return shipping!
 Read our Shipping and Return Policies »













Thank You for Registering!
Now, don't miss out on the good stuff...



Yes, please subscribe me to receive promotional emails
Keep up with the latest news, brands, trends, and styles.






Yes! Sign me up for Zappos Rewards!
I agree to the terms and conditions

Earn points, cool swag, and supercharged service!



Sign Up




Explore Zappos


Brands


Clothing


Luxury


Eyewear


New Arrivals


Outdoor


Rideshop


Running


Shoes


Watches


Wedding


All Departments




Customer Service


FAQs


Contact Info


¿Ayuda en español?


Shipping And Returns


Safe Shopping Guarantee


Secure Shopping


Fit Info


Measurement Guide


Model Measurements


Size Conversion Chart


Measure Your Bra Size




About Zappos


About


Zappos for Good


Jobs


Press Kit


Tours


Customer Testimonials


Associates Program


Glossary of Terms


Site Map


Feedback

How do you like our website?
How do you like our website?






Zappos Newsletter
Subscribe to our weekly shameless plug!
Please Enter Your Name

Please Enter Your Email Address

Sign Up!



Zappos respects your privacy


Connect with Us

Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
Pinterest



Zappos Stuff








Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Fur Policy
Interest-Based Ads
Mobile Version
Desktop Version

24/7 Customer Service (800) 927-7671



© 2009–2017 - Zappos.com, Inc or its affiliates, 400 E. Stewart Avenue, Las Vegas, NV 89101
Zappos.com is operated by Zappos IP, Inc. Products on Zappos.com are sold by Zappos Retail, Inc.
Gift cards and e-Gift cards sold on Zappos.com are sold by Zappos Gift Cards, Inc. or ACI Gift Cards, Inc.



 
 








Read Reviews






How did you feel about this item?

Overall:


1 star
2 stars
3 stars
4 stars
5 stars

Size:

Felt full size larger
Felt half size larger
Felt true to size
Felt half size smaller
Felt full size smaller



Comfort:


1 star
2 stars
3 stars
4 stars
5 stars

Width:

Felt wider than marked
Felt true to width
Felt narrower than marked



Style:


1 star
2 stars
3 stars
4 stars
5 stars

Support:

Excellent arch support
Moderate arch support
No arch support






Let us know what you think





Tell us a little about yourself
Email address

Name (optional)

Where do you live? (optional)

What other brands would you recommend to people who like this product? (optional)



Oops! We've detected a few errors. Please fill in the highlighted areas above.

Note: By submitting a review you represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years old. Please visit our Review Guidelines
for full guidelines on writing reviews. All content (including text, images and videos)
becomes our sole and exclusive property pursuant to our Terms of Use. Your reviews will be processed within five days.







Thanks for writing a review!
Our team loves reading customer reviews, so they're looking forward to giving yours a look-see. It should be posted within 5 business days, so check back here to see it posted!


Read Reviews




Read Reviews






How did you feel about this item?

Overall:


1 star
2 stars
3 stars
4 stars
5 stars

Size:

Felt full size larger
Felt half size larger
Felt true to size
Felt half size smaller
Felt full size smaller



Comfort:


1 star
2 stars
3 stars
4 stars
5 stars

Width:

Felt wider than marked
Felt true to width
Felt narrower than marked



Style:


1 star
2 stars
3 stars
4 stars
5 stars

Support:

Excellent arch support
Moderate arch support
No arch support






Let us know what you think





Upload photos and videos (optional)
You can drag & drop or click below to attach up to four images and/or one video






Attach Image








Attach Image








Attach Image








Attach Image










Attach Video




Note: Images must be less than 8MB in size while your video must be an mp4 less than 200MB and one minute in length



Drop Here to Attach!
Don't Forget: Images must be less than 8MB in size while videos are less than 200MB and one minute in length





Tell us a little about yourself






Note: By submitting a review you represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years old. Please visit our Review Guidelines
for full guidelines on writing reviews. All content (including text, images and videos)
becomes our sole and exclusive property pursuant to our Terms of Use. Your reviews will be processed within five days.


Cancel






 Please wait while your review is being completed. Do not click back or close this browser window.


Thanks for writing a review!
Our team loves reading customer reviews, so they're looking forward to giving yours a look-see. It should be posted within 5 business days, so check back here to see it posted!























AdvoCare - Wikipedia






















 






AdvoCare

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Advocare)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Advocare, the Medicare Advantage plan from Security Health Plan of Wisconsin.

AdvoCare International





Type

Private


Industry
Multi-level marketing


Founded
1993; 24 years ago (1993) in Carrollton, Texas


Founder
Charles E. Ragus


Headquarters
Plano, Texas, United States



Area served

United States



Key people

Brian Connolly (CEO)


Products
Weight loss, nutritional supplements, sports nutrition, personal care


Revenue
US$ 400 million (est.) (2013)[1]



Number of employees

247 (est.) (2013)[2]


Website
www.advocare.com


Coordinates: 33°00′38″N 96°40′37″W﻿ / ﻿33.01053°N 96.676928°W﻿ / 33.01053; -96.676928
AdvoCare International, L.P. is an American multi-level marketing company[3][4][5] that sells dietary supplements. The company, headquartered in Plano, Texas, was founded in 1993 by Charles Ragus and employed roughly 250 people in 2013. AdvoCare distributes its products in the United States through a network of approximately 60,000 independent distributors,[6]



Contents


1 History
2 Products
3 Business
4 Sponsorships and Endorsements
5 Controversy
6 See also
7 References
8 External links



History[edit]
Charles Ragus founded AdvoCare in 1993 as a multi-level marketing (MLM) company that distributes dietary supplement products.[7][8] The name AdvoCare is short for "Advocates Who Care".[9] Before founding AdvoCare, Ragus worked as a regional vice president for Fidelity Union Insurance, and as a multi-level marketing (MLM) distributor for Herbalife. He had initially founded the MLM company Omnitrition International in 1989. Ragus briefly played defensive end for the National Football League's Kansas City Chiefs in the 1960s.[9][10][11] He died in 2001 at the age 58.[12][13]
In May 2007, Richard H. Wright became president and CEO of AdvoCare. Wright had previously served as Chief of Staff for US Representative Jim McCrery.[7][14]
Products[edit]
AdvoCare sells several lines of dietary supplements under the brand names Trim, Active, Well, Performance Elite, Fit, and 24 Day Challenge.[15]
Business[edit]
AdvoCare is a multilevel marketing company.[3][4][5] In addition to revenue from product sales, AdvoCare distributors can potentially earn additional commissions from sales by their 'downline' distributors. According to the company's 2013 Income disclosure statement, the average annual income, not including expenses, for AdvoCare distributors who were 'active' in 2013 (defined as earning a payment during the year) was $1,704.08.[16]
In a 2010 court case Advocare said that it had around 60,000 active distributors, and had sold approximately 350,000 distributorships since 2003.[6]
AdvoCare is a member of the U.S. Direct Selling Association (DSA), and participated in the 2010 DSA Code of Ethics Communication Initiative.[17] AdvoCare President Richard Wright served on the DSA Board of Directors in 2011.[18]
Sponsorships and Endorsements[edit]




Trevor Bayne's AdvoCare-branded Ford Mustang in NASCAR competition.


Among AdvoCare's contracted celebrity endorsers are NFL quarterbacks Andy Dalton, Philip Rivers and Alex Smith; Major League Baseball pitcher Doug Fister; CrossFit champion Rich Froning; and, previously, Carli Lloyd, Sam Bradford, and Wes Welker.[9] However, their most important spokesman is New Orleans Saints quarterback Drew Brees.[9] Celebrity endorsers are said to be central to "the Bulletproof Shield," a key sales and recruitment technique used by the company: distributors place themselves at the center of a chart illustrating the company's endorsements and members of its scientific and medical advisory board, and deflects questions about the company by replying, "Well, I don't know about (X), but what I do know is" that particular athletes or doctors have endorsed AdvoCare.[9]
From 2009 until 2013, AdvoCare was the title sponsor of the Independence Bowl in Shreveport, Louisiana. The 2013 game was known as the AdvoCare V100 Bowl.[19][20][21] In 2012, AdvoCare partnered with the Major League Soccer team FC Dallas and became its jersey sponsor.[22]
In 2014, AdvoCare secured the naming rights of a professional sports practice facility located at The Greenbrier in West Virginia.[23] The facility was named the AdvoCare Sports Performance Center and hosted the 2014 training camp for the New Orleans Saints.[24][25][26] AdvoCare also became the title sponsor of the 2014 Texas Bowl.[27] In 2016, AdvoCare will be sponsoring the Texas Kickoff and Cowboys Classic games.[28][29]
Since 2011,[30][31] AdvoCare has sponsored several NASCAR racing teams, as well as races at Atlanta Motor Speedway and Phoenix International Raceway.[30][31] The company has sponsored driver Trevor Bayne and Roush Fenway Racing in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series and Xfinity Series since 2014.[9][32]
Controversy[edit]
In July 2008, Olympic swimmer Jessica Hardy tested positive for the banned breathing enhancer, clenbuterol. Hardy said she had never heard of the substance, attributing the positive result to either a tainted supplement or sabotage.[33][34] At the time, Hardy had been taking the supplement Arginine Extreme, which she had received for free from AdvoCare in exchange for making product testimonials,[35][36] and she claimed in a subsequent lawsuit that the company's product was tainted.[37] AdvoCare sued Hardy for making false claims.[38] An arbitration hearing reduced Hardy's suspension after a scientific expert testified that the AdvoCare product was tainted. AdvoCare disputed the panel's findings, saying that two independent laboratories had not found any evidence of Clenbuterol in the supplements.[39]
In 2009, a Dallas County jury awarded $1.9 million in damages against AdvoCare after finding that the company had engaged in deceptive trade practices and unfairly canceled agreements with two of its distributors.[40] According to the lawsuit, litigants Bruce and Teresa Badgett of Arlington, Texas, had been active and profitable marketers of AdvoCare products for more than a dozen years before their distributorship was canceled by the company in 2006 "based upon vague and trumped-up charges." The jury found that AdvoCare engaged in false, misleading or deceptive practices that damaged the Badgetts and that the termination provisions of the distributor contract with AdvoCare were unconscionable, according to court documents. AdvoCare disputed the ruling[40] and on April 30, 2010, filed to appeal the decision on the basis that the plaintiffs were not customers and therefore did not fit the statutory definition necessary to be covered under the Texas Deceptive Trade Practices Act.[41] The appeal was dismissed on March 13, 2012 and the company was ordered to reimburse the Badgett's for court costs related to their defense in the appeal case.[42]
AdvoCare ceased offering KickStart Spark, targeted to youth age 4-11, after pediatricians had expressed concerns about the product containing 60 mg of caffeine.[43] AdvoCare was also the subject of criticism for its marketing at youth athletic events. In 2005, the company paid $5,000 to sponsor a high school wrestling tournament in Sacramento but after negative publicity, AdvoCare officials said they would not sponsor any more school events.[43]
Wendy Miller of the Beaumont Weight Control Center said AdvoCare's Herbal Cleanse is probably safe for many users, but she suggested that the same results could be achieved without the products.[44]
In March 2016, Advocare was the subject of a critical exposée in ESPN The Magazine. The exposée argues that the company and a small number of distributors at the top of a distribution network makes most of its money from the signing-up of new distributors rather than sales of the product, while exaggerating the likelihood of financial success of distributors when only a few make a significant amount of money; that the company creates a cult-like atmosphere of not questioning the company's claims or the probability of financial success in new distributors, to the point where distributors will shun friends and family members who do so; and that the company is internally riven by divisions over the company's strong use of religious affiliation as part of its business model, with more devout members of the organization using it to gain and hold power in the organization and over its members.[9]
See also[edit]


Companies portal



List of food companies

References[edit]


^ Barbara Seale (1 Sep 2013). "AdvoCare a two decade marathon". Direct Selling News. Retrieved 13 Nov 2013. 
^ / AdvoCare Profile
^ a b "Multi-level Marketing Or Pyramid Scheme? That’s The Question". Valley News. Archived from the original on 6 November 2014. Retrieved 5 November 2014. 
^ a b Greene, Jody. "Is MLM a Bad Word?". Forbes. Retrieved 5 November 2014. 
^ a b Brooks, Douglas M. "The Pyramid Scheme Industry: Examining Some Legal and Economic Aspects of Multi-Level Marketing" (PDF). Retrieved 5 November 2014. 
^ a b "Advocare International v. Karen Ford, et. al" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on October 19, 2013. [better source needed]  (11.0 MB) (page 23)
^ a b "Three CEOs Reinvent Themselves With Second Careers". D Magazine. August 2010. Archived from the original on 2011-06-19. Retrieved 2011-01-31. 
^ Candace Carlisle (19 Oct 2012). "Richard Wright and his wife don’t just run AdvoCare International, they’re customers". Dallas Business Journal. Retrieved 18 Oct 2013. 
^ a b c d e f g Kimes, Mina (15 March 2016). "Drew Brees Has A Dream He’d Like To Sell You". ESPN The Magazine, Outside the Lines. Retrieved 3 April 2016. 
^ "Arrowheadlines: Kansas City Chiefs News 2/23". SB Nation Arrowhead Pride. 23 February 2014. 
^ "K.C. Has Bob McAdams And Send 3 Rookies Off". Lawrence Journal-World. Associated Press. August 28, 1965. Retrieved July 7, 2015. 
^ Obituary Central Archive
^ Gary Abbot (4 June 2001). "AdvoCare Founder Charles Ragus, 58, passed away on Friday June 1". the Mat. Retrieved 18 Oct 2013. 
^ Candace Carlisle (19 Oct 2012). "AdvoCare CEO shares his secrets to health, business success". Dallas Business Journal. Retrieved 18 Oct 2013. 
^ "Products". AdvoCare. Retrieved 1 Nov 2013. 
^ "2013 Income Disclosure Statement" (pdf). Retrieved 15 August 2014. 
^ "Member Companies Emphasize Ethics in Corporate Behavior". dsa.org. Retrieved 9 December 2015. 
^ "2011–2012 DSA Officers, Board Members, Elected During DSA’s Annual Meeting". Archived from the original on February 9, 2012. Retrieved 27 June 2012. 
^ Roy Lang (28 Jan 2010). "AdvoCare Recommits to I-Bowl". Shreveport Times. Retrieved 5 Nov 2013. 
^ Goins, Adria (21 August 2013). "Longtime bowl expected to lose Advocare sponsorship". KSLA 12. Retrieved 6 November 2013. 
^ Dee, Chris (21 August 2013). "Advocare No Longer Title Sponsor For Annual Bowl Game". 1130am (Radio). Retrieved 6 November 2013. 
^ Botta, Christopher (27 June 2012). "FC Dallas Signs Multiyear Deal With AdvoCare To Serve As Jersey Sponsor". Sports Business Daily. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ "AdvoCare secures naming rights for New Orleans pro football training facility". Plano Star Courier. 4 August 2014. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ McFarling, Aaron (25 July 2014). "New Orleans Saints open camp in West Virginia". The Roanoke Times. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ Johnson, Shauna (23 July 2014). "Saints receive big welcome in Greenbrier County". MetroNews. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ Vingle, Mitch (21 July 2014). "Greenbrier unveils Saints facility". The Charleston Gazette. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ Barron, David (11 February 2014). "Texas Bowl gets a new sponsor in AdvoCare International". Houston Chronicle. Retrieved 4 April 2014. 
^ Berman, Mark (28 July 2014). "University of Houston expected to open 2016 college football season against Oklahoma". My Fox Houston. Archived from the original on 14 February 2015. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ Helman, David (16 July 2014). "Alabama, USC To Open 2016 Season At AT&T Stadium". Dallas Cowboys official site. Retrieved 25 September 2014. 
^ a b Spencer, Lee (August 21, 2013). "Bayne to team with AdvoCare in '14". Fox Sports. Retrieved 27 November 2016. 
^ a b "AdvoCare To Sponsor Leavine Family Racing’s No.95 Ford". SpeedwayMedia.com. August 23, 2011. Retrieved 27 November 2016. 
^ Spencer, Lee (November 3, 2016). "Bayne signs multi-year contract extension with Roush Fenway Racing". Motorsport.com. Retrieved 27 November 2016. 
^ "Olympic swimmer Jessica Hardy: 'I'm innocent'". USA Today. 2008-07-26. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ "Hardy presses forward with tainted-supplement defense". Seattle Times. 2008-08-04. Archived from the original on October 12, 2008. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ Aschwanden, Christie (July 26, 2012). "Athletes, Stop Taking Supplements". Slate Magazine. 
^ Futterman, Matthew. "Trials and Tribulations of the Angry Swimmer". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 5 Nov 2014. 
^ "Swimmer Hardy blames company for failed drug test". USA Today. 2009-01-30. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ "U.S. swimmer, supplement firm countersue". UPI. 2009-02-16. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ "Supplement maker AdvoCare disputes Hardy panel findings". Seattle Times. 2009-05-05. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ a b Tsai, Joyce (31 Aug 2009). "Jury returns verdict against AdvoCare". Dallas Business Journal. Retrieved 6 Nov 2014. 
^ "Advocare International, L.P. (Appellant) V. Bruce Badgett and Teresa Badgett (Appellees): Case No.05-10-00917-CV" (PDF). Court of Appeals for the Fifth District of Texas. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2014-11-07. Retrieved 6 Nov 2014. 
^ "AdvoCare International, L.P., v. Badgett, Bruce and Teresa Badgett". Justia.com. March 13, 2012. Retrieved 6 Nov 2014. 
^ a b "A Sports Drink for Children Is Jangling Some Nerves". New York Times. 2005-09-25. Retrieved 2010-11-14. 
^ Taking the 24-Day Challenge. ABC / WXYZ. Archived from the original on 23 May 2011. 


External links[edit]

Official website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=AdvoCare&oldid=791091587"					
Categories: Food and drink companies of the United StatesMulti-level marketing companiesNutritional supplement companiesWeight loss companiesCompanies established in 1993Hidden categories: All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from October 2013Pages using deprecated image syntaxCoordinates not on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


فارسی 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 02:34.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








How (Not) to Be Secular: Reading Charles Taylor:  James K.A. Smith: 9780802867612 - Christianbook.com























































Hear about sales, receive special offers & more.You can unsubscribe at any time.


Enter email address














My Account

Wishlist

Help

Email Signup


Cart (0)  items
Checkout

Welcome to Christianbook.com! Sign in or create an account 




Search by title, author, isbn, etc.







Dollar Days- Shop $10 or Less





Tumblers, Water Bottles, & More





Fab Fridays







Search within

All Products
Books
eBook
Music
MP3 Downloads
Accompaniment
Bibles
Homeschool
Gift & Home
DVDs
Christian Living
Children
Fiction
Software







Search



Bibles
VBS
Church
Bible Study
Books
eBooks
Fiction
Homeschool
Music
Kids
Toys
Gifts
DVD
Bargain



BestsellersPrayerChristian LivingSpanish ProductsMP3sVBSChurch SuppliesBible CoversFamilyGift CardsCatalogMembers










How (Not) to Be Secular: Reading Charles Taylor
 By: James K.A. Smith




 






Watch Video

 


Sample Pages

 







Buy Item
$8.99 Retail:  $16.00  Save 44% ($7.01) In Stock Stock No: WW867612 Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing Co. / 2014 / Paperback 
Quantity:


 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10+ 

 






            Add To Cart
            Add To Cart
 












            Add To Wishlist
            Add To Wishlist



























Quantity:


 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10+ 

 






            Add To Cart
            Add To Cart

  











                Wishlist
                Wishlist






How (Not) to Be Secular: Reading Charles Taylor By: James K.A. Smith
Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing Co. / 2014 / Paperback Write a Review

In StockStock No: WW867612



 


Browse

All Products

Books, eBooks & Audio&times

Academic&times

Philosophy&times

Philosophers&times

Modern Philosophers&times (98)















Refine by

Audience▼▲Seekers / New BelieversBinding▼▲HardcoverMass MarketPaperbackLanguage▼▲SpanishMedia Type▼▲eBookSeries▼▲BCGILPSVDRM▼▲DRM FreeDRM ProtectedPhilosophical Branches▼▲EpistemologyEthicsLogicPhilosophical Schools▼▲DialecticsExistentialismNihilismRationalismPhilosophical Subjects▼▲PoliticsPsychology
Author / Artist▼▲ A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P R S T V W Y ZPublisher▼▲ A B C F H I M N O P R S T U W ZTop Rated▼▲1+ Stars2+ Stars3+ Stars4+ Stars5 starsPrice▼▲$0-$5$5-$10$10-$25$25-$50$50-$100$100 and upDiscount▼▲10%+ Off20%+ Off30%+ Off40%+ Off


Advanced Search Links

Advanced Search
Commentary Search
Bible Finder
Homeschool Finder
Song Search
Bible Study Search



 Product Close-up
 | Editorial Reviews






          Others Also Purchased (15)
       



Add To Cart







▼▲Others Also Purchased (15)
    


Add To Cart




Description Availability Price
Add Include


 
 






Desiring the Kingdom: Worship, Worldview, and Cultural Formation, Cultural Liturgies Volume 1
                

In Stock 
$14.49
Retail: $22.99 



Add To Cart
 $14.49 

 
 






Imagining the Kingdom: How Worship Works, Cultural Liturgies Volume 2
                

In Stock 
$16.49
Retail: $22.99 



Add To Cart
 $16.49 

 
 






Reading for Preaching: The Preacher in Conversation with Storytellers, Biographers, Poets, and Journalists
                

In Stock 
$7.99
Retail: $14.00 



Add To Cart
 $7.99 

 
 






How to Read the Bible through the Jesus Lens: A Guide to Christ-Focused Reading of Scripture
                

In Stock 
$10.49
Retail: $18.99 



Add To Cart
 $10.49 

 
 






Actuality: Real Life Stories for Sermons That Matter
                

In Stock 
$10.49
Retail: $18.99 



Add To Cart
 $10.49 

 
 






From Times Square to Timbuktu: The Post-Christian West Meets the Non-Western Church
                

In Stock 
$10.99
Retail: $20.00 



Add To Cart
 $10.99 

 
 






Preaching in Pictures: Using Images for Sermons That Connect
                

In Stock 
$10.49
Retail: $18.99 



Add To Cart
 $10.49 

 
 






Preaching at the Crossroads: How the World and Our Preaching Is Changing
                

In Stock 
$11.99
Retail: $19.00 



Add To Cart
 $11.99 

 
 






Who's Afraid of Relativism?: Community, Contingency, and Creaturehood
                

In Stock 
$3.99
Retail: $20.00 



Add To Cart
 $3.99 

 
 






For the Fame of God's Name: Essays in Honor of John  Piper
                

In Stock 
$2.00
Retail: $35.00 



Add To Cart
 $2.00 

 
 






Systematic Theology: An Introduction to Christian Belief
                

In Stock 
$31.99
Retail: $49.99 



Add To Cart
 $31.99 

 
 






Can We Still Believe the Bible? An Evangelical Engagement with Contemporary Questions
                

In Stock 
$14.99
Retail: $21.99 



Add To Cart
 $14.99 

 
 






The Fall of Interpretation: Philosophical Foundations for a Creational Hermeneutic, Second Edition
                

In Stock 
$24.38




Add To Cart
 $24.38 

 
 






Global Evangelicalism: Theology, History, and Culture in Regional Perspective
                

In Stock 
$14.49
Retail: $32.00 



Add To Cart
 $14.49 

 
 






Reformed Theology in America: A History of Its Modern Development
                

In Stock 
$30.15
Retail: $33.50 



Add To Cart
 $30.15 

 







View All 15 Products 

 

Add To Cart










Product Media


 

Conversation With Author





previous


next



Product Description▼▲
A smart, intelligent guide to navigating today's cultureHow (Not) to Be Secular is what Jamie Smith calls "your hitchhiker's guide to the present" - it is both a reading guide to Charles Taylor's monumental work A Secular Age and philosophical guidance on how we might learn to live in our times.Charles Taylor's landmark book A Secular Age (2007) provides a monumental, incisive analysis of what it means to live in the post-Christian present - a pluralist world of competing beliefs and growing unbelief. Jamie Smith's book is a compact field guide to Taylor's insightful study of the secular, making that very significant but daunting work accessible to a wide array of readers.Even more, though, Smith's How (Not) to Be Secular is a practical how-to manual on how to live in our secular age. It ultimately offers us an adventure in self-understanding and maps out a way to get our bearings in today's secular culture, no matter who "we" are - whether believers or skeptics, devout or doubting, self-assured or puzzled and confused. This is a book for any thinking person to chew on.

Product Information▼▲
Format: PaperbackNumber of Pages: 152Vendor: Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing Co.Publication Date: 2014Dimensions: 9.00 X 6.00 (inches)ISBN: 0802867618ISBN-13: 9780802867612

Other Customers Also Purchased


 

Add To Cart
Add To Wishlist  
Desiring the Kingdom: Worship, Worldview, and Cultural Formation, Cultural Liturgies Volume 1
James K.A. Smith James K.A. Smith Baker Academic / 2009 / Trade Paperback 
$14.49
Retail: $22.99 Save 37%
($8.50)   

Add To Cart
Add To Wishlist  
Imagining the Kingdom: How Worship Works, Cultural Liturgies Volume 2
James K.A. Smith James K.A. Smith Baker Academic / 2013 / Trade Paperback 
$16.49
Retail: $22.99 Save 28%
($6.50)   

Add To Cart
Add To Wishlist  
Reading for Preaching: The Preacher in Conversation with Storytellers, Biographers, Poets, and Journalists
Cornelius Plantinga Jr. Cornelius Plantinga Jr. Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing Co. / 2013 / Trade Paperback 
$7.99
Retail: $14.00 Save 43%
($6.01)  Availability: In Stock Stock No: WW870770  

Add To Cart
Add To Wishlist  
How to Read the Bible through the Jesus Lens: A Guide to Christ-Focused Reading of Scripture
Michael Williams Michael Williams Zondervan / 2012 / Trade Paperback 
$10.49
Retail: $18.99 Save 45%
($8.50)  5 Stars Out Of 5 5 Reviews 


Related Products


 

Add To Cart
Add To Wishlist  
A Secular Age
Charles Taylor Charles Taylor Harvard University Press / 2007 / Hardcover 
$48.99
  

Add To Cart
Add To Wishlist  
Who's Afraid of Postmodernism?: Taking Derrida, Lyotard, and Foucault to Church (The Church and Postmodern Culture)
James K.A. Smith James K.A. Smith Baker Books / 2006 / Trade Paperback 
$12.99
Retail: $19.99 Save 35%
($7.00)  5 Stars Out Of 5 2 Reviews  

Add To Cart
Add To Wishlist  
Who's Afraid of Relativism?: Community, Contingency, and Creaturehood
James K.A. Smith James K.A. Smith Baker Academic / 2014 / Trade Paperback 
$3.99
Retail: $20.00 Save 80%
($16.01)  4.5 Stars Out Of 5 2 Reviews Video  

Add To Cart
Add To Wishlist  
The Economy of Desire: Christianity and Capitalism in a Postmodern World
Daniel M. Bell Daniel M. Bell Baker Academic / 2012 / Trade Paperback 
$18.49
Retail: $22.00 Save 16%
($3.51)  


Publisher's Description▼▲
How (Not) to Be Secular is what Jamie Smith calls "your hitchhiker's guide to the present" -- it is both a reading guide to Charles Taylor's monumental work A Secular Age and philosophical guidance on how we might learn to live in our times.Taylor's landmark book A Secular Age (2007) provides a monumental, incisive analysis of what it means to live in the post-Christian present -- a pluralist world of competing beliefs and growing unbelief. Jamie Smith's book is a compact field guide to Taylor's insightful study of the secular, making that very significant but daunting work accessible to a wide array of readers.Even more, though, Smith's How (Not) to Be Secular is a practical philosophical guidebook, a kind of how-to manual on how to live in our secular age. It ultimately offers us an adventure in self-understanding and maps out a way to get our bearings in today's secular culture, no matter who "we" are -- whether believers or skeptics, devout or doubting, self-assured or puzzled and confused. This is a book for any thinking person to chew on.


Author Bio▼▲
James K. A. Smith is professor of philosophy at Calvin College, where he also teaches in the congregational and ministry studies department.


Endorsements▼▲
Charles Taylor's crucial book on our secular age is inaccessible for most people, including the church leaders who desperately need to learn from its insight. Jamie Smith's book is the solution to this problem. As a gateway into Taylor's thought, this volume (if read widely) could have a major impact on the level of theological leadership that our contemporary church is getting. It could also have a great effect on the quality of our communication and preaching. I highly recommend this book.
-Tim Keller,
Redeemer Presbyterian Church, New York City
This is a brilliant, beautifully written book on the dilemma of faith in a modern secular age. It introduces the reader to the material in Taylor's dense book, of course, but it does more. It invites the reader on a journey through the experience of the spirit in different centuries, and how our conceptions of mind and person shape belief in ways far more intimate than we usually imagine. How (Not) to Be Secular is a gem.
-T. M. Luhrmann,
Stanford University
Charles Taylor's daunting tome, A Secular Age, has just turned a great deal less intimidating. Combining his usual lucid style, his love for literature, and his passion for the church's future, Jamie Smith offers a faithful guide through the pages of Taylor's monumental work. Along the way, he wisely cautions his co-religionists against facile responses to the 'disenchantment' of modernity, but he also insists that the Christian faith may have much more going for it than many recognize.
-Hans Boersma,
Regent College

Editorial Reviews▼▲
Conrad Grebel Review "Readers in any church tradition, or none at all, can benefit from Smith's accessible and lively book."Tim Keller Redeemer Presbyterian Church, New York City "Charles Taylor's crucial book on our secular age is inaccessible for most people, including the church leaders who desperately need to learn from its insight. Jamie Smith's book is the solution to this problem. As a gateway into Taylor's thought, this volume (if read widely) could have a major impact on the level of theological leadership that our contemporary church is getting. It could also have a great effect on the quality of our communication and preaching. I highly recommend this book."T. M. Luhrmann Stanford University "This is a brilliant, beautifully written book on the dilemma of faith in a modern secular age. It introduces the reader to the material in Taylor's dense book, of course, but it does more. It invites the reader on a journey through the experience of the spirit in different centuries, and how our conceptions of mind and person shape belief in ways far more intimate than we usually imagine. How (Not) to Be Secular is a gem."Hans Boersma Regent College "Charles Taylor's daunting tome, A Secular Age, has just turned a great deal less intimidating. Combining his usual lucid style, his love for literature, and his passion for the church's future, Jamie Smith offers a faithful guide through the pages of Taylor's monumental work. Along the way, he wisely cautions his co-religionists against facile responses to the `disenchantment' of modernity, but he also insists that the Christian faith may have much more going for it than many recognize."Review of Metaphysics "I highly recommend Smith's book, a short and clear introduction to Taylor's A Secular Age. Having slogged through Taylor's book, I think that Smith's book communicates well, contra MacIntyre, Taylor's analysis and extraordinary skill. . . . Illuminating and insightful."Christian Century "The importance of A Secular Age is matched by its inaccessibility. It is a great woolly mammoth of a book. . . . Smith's book does great work in opening Taylor's tome to a wider readership. His commentary is clear, accurate, and insightful. It is also concise, leading readers deep into Taylor's ideas in well under 200 pages. Smith's sure grasp of Taylor's big picture makes the details of the argument pop with fresh intelligibility."Religious Studies Review "For those who have been intimidated by Charles Taylor's massive tome A Secular Age (2007), Smith has provided an accessible entry point to Taylor's work in How (Not) To Be Secular. . . . The work endeavors to distill Taylor's work for a wider audience and is more digestible than Taylor's daunting volume thanks to Smith's lucid and engaging prose. Those desiring an accurate summary of Taylor's work or those looking for a more sophisticated understanding of the secular age would find this book well worth the time."Books & Culture "An altogether readable, charming and short introduction to Taylor's behemoth."First Things "Those looking for an introduction to this supremely important work (Taylor's A Secular Age) but reluctant to wade through its 896 pages can turn to this economical commentary."Choice "Smith offers a reader's guide to Taylor's lengthy work. This book succeeds as both a summation of Taylor's argument . . . and as a light critique. . . .A sympathetic, astute summation of Taylor's most ambitious work. Recommended."Englewood Review of Books "This is philosophy with feet, a thick theology that will get your heart beating because it meets you in the complicated world we all share."University Bookman "Already in previous books Smith has proven himself adept at translating difficult philosophical and theological ideas for the broader church and culture. How (Not) to Be Secular continues in this trajectory. It is part cultural analysis, part philosophical ethnography, always accessible, and always with an eye toward the implications of Taylor's insights for the practice of Christian faith."Cresset "Splendid, yet accessible and brief overview and discussion of what is arguably the most widely discussed work of philosophy of the last twenty years."The Presbyterian Outlook "If one wants to understand the roots of our current cultural condition, Charles Taylor's book is essential. There is no better guide to it than James K. A. Smith."Los Angeles Review of Books "Well written, clear, and accessible. Most important, it supplies a very reliable reconstruction of the essentials of Taylor's position. Smith is particularly adept at emphasizing the existential quality of Taylor's analysis of secularity: what does it feel like to be a believer or non-believer in the modern Western world? . . . Anyone seeking a quick but dependable overview of Taylor's argument in A Secular Age would benefit immensely from Smith's book. . . . [It] is a fine achievement and accomplishes just what it sets out to: providing its readers with a reliable road map to Charles Taylor's account of our secular age."


Product Reviews▼▲
Be the first to write a review!


Write Review




Ask a Question▼▲

Have a question about this product? Ask us here.

Find Related Products▼▲
Books, eBooks & Audio >> Academic >> Philosophy >> Philosophers >> Modern Philosophers Books, eBooks & Audio >> Academic >> Theology >> Religion & Society Last Chance Bargains >> Academic >> Philosophy Last Chance Bargains >> Academic >> Theology

Author/Artist Review▼▲
I'm the author/artist and I want to review How (Not) to Be Secular: Reading Charles Taylor.

Back&times
Ask a Question


What would you like to know about this product? Please enter your name, your email and your question regarding the product in the fields below, and we'll answer you in the next 24-48 hours.
If you need immediate assistance regarding this product or any other, please call 1-800-CHRISTIAN to speak directly with a customer service representative.



Name:



Email:



Question:




Submit

Edit

Confirm









Sign Up To ReceiveExclusive Email OffersYou can unsubscribe at any time




Sign Up To Receive Exclusive Email OffersYou can unsubscribe at any time





Sign Up







Connect With Us








 Account

Checkout
Account
Order History
Wishlist
Cart
Subscribe Email
Unsubscribe Email


 Shipping & Returns

Shipping & Handling Rates
Easy Returns






 Services

Affiliate Program
Gift Cards
Membership
Self-Publishing


 Catalog

Catalog Quick Shop
Online Catalogs
Request our Catalogs







 Community

Social Media
Prayer Wall
Author Profiles


 About Us

Company Info.
Job Opportunities


 Help

Customer Service
FAQ






 Shops

Bibles
Homeschool
Bargains
VBS
Christian Living
Toys
Gifts
Kids
DVDs
Fiction
Music
Academics







Desktop Site










 1-800-CHRISTIAN1-800-247-4784(Outside the United Statesand Canada Call: 978-977-5000)




 Email Us


140 Summit St. Peabody, MA 01960





Tax Information for VT and LA Residents
Conditions of Use
Privacy Notice
© 2017 Christianbook.com, LLC
* 33 *



























