



 Stock Quotes and Investment Research  -- Quicken® Investing Center







| Quicken
















 












Skip to main content






Quicken Logo




Quicken Logo








United StatesCanada

 



            Cart            



Sign InMy Account
Investment Portfolio

 









You are here









Loading... 











10-Q: RECEIVABLE ACQUISITION & MANAGEMENT CORP - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,797
+85.54
+0.39%






Nasdaq

6,382
-40.56
-0.63%






S&P 500

2,475
-2.41
-0.10%









7:45 A.M. ET


                                  AbbVie still sees full-year EPS $4.55 to $4.65
                                





 
7:44 A.M. ET


                                  AbbVie Q2 revenue $6.94 bln vs. $6.45 bln; FactSet consensus $6.93 bln
                                





 
7:44 A.M. ET


                                  AbbVie Q2 adj. EPS $1.42; FactSet consensus $1.40
                                





 
7:44 A.M. ET


                                  Goodyear's stock plunges 9.1% premarket after Q2 results
                                





 
7:44 A.M. ET


                                  AbbVie Q2 EPS $1.19 vs. 98 cents
                                





 
7:43 A.M. ET


                                  Goodyear cuts 2017 segment operating income outlook to $1.60 bln-$1.65 bln from $2.0 bln
                                





 
7:42 A.M. ET


Updated
      Get ready for the less-profitable Amazon that you used to know 
                                





 
7:42 A.M. ET


                                  Wells Fargo charged customers for duplicate car insurance
                                





 
7:41 A.M. ET


                                  Goodyear Q2 sales $3.69 bln vs. $3.88 bln; FactSet consensus $3.73 bln
                                





 
7:41 A.M. ET


Updated
      CORRECT: Goodyear Q2 adj. EPS 70 cents; FactSet consensus 70 cents
                                





 
7:40 A.M. ET


                                  Goodyear Tire & Rubber Q2 EPS 58 cents vs. 75 cents a year ago
                                





 
7:39 A.M. ET


                                  American Air shares jump 3% after profit beat
                                





 
7:36 A.M. ET


                                  American Airlines's stock jumps 2.9% premarket after Q2 results
                                





 
7:36 A.M. ET


                                  American Airlines to invest $4.1 bln in new aircraft in 2017
                                





 
7:35 A.M. ET


                                  American Airlines Q2 passenger load factor 83.7% vs. 82.9% a year ago
                                





 
7:35 A.M. ET


                                  American Airlines Q2 PRASM up 6.0%
                                





 
7:34 A.M. ET


                                  American Airlines Q2 mainline passenger revenue up 7.5% to $7.75 bln
                                





 
7:33 A.M. ET


                                  American Airlines Q2 $11.11 bln vs. $10.36 bln; FactSet consensus $11.06 bln
                                





 
7:32 A.M. ET


                                  American Airlines Q2 adj. EPS $1.92; FactSet consensus $1.85
                                





 
7:32 A.M. ET


                                  American Airlines Q2 EPS $1.63 vs. $1.68 a year ago
                                





 








































Log In














Bulletin

Starbucks's stock on track to open at 4-month low after Q3 results late Thursday









 


Until New York Markets Open

Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings














Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-Q: RECEIVABLE ACQUISITION & MANAGEMENT CORP
    








    By

Published: Nov 14, 2016 9:43 a.m. ET

Share






















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- Item 2. Management's Discussion & Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  The following management's discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Company's historical consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included in our audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015, and the notes thereto. The management's discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements of our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Any statements that are not statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. When used, the words "believe," "plan," "intend," "anticipate," "target," "estimate," "expect" and the like, and/or future tense or conditional constructions ("will," "may," "could," "should," etc.), or similar expressions, identify certain of these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this quarterly report. The Company's actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of several factors. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this quarterly report.  Overview  On May 15, 2013, Receivable Acquisition & Management Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Company") completed the acquisition of Cornerstone Program Advisors LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("Cornerstone") and Sustainable Energy Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Sustainable"), and the Company assumed the operations of each of these entities (the "Merger").  Results of Operations  During the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, the Company had net (losses) of ($8,722) and ($21,688) on revenues of $240,812 and $714,844, respectively, versus net (losses) of ($24,243) and ($25,276) on revenues of $316,444 and $874,581, respectively, in the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2015. The results in the third fiscal quarter of 2016 showed a narrowing of the loss due to a more rapid decline in expenses on consulting contractors than the decline in revenues.  Revenue  In the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, revenues showed an 18% decrease as compared to the corresponding period in 2015. The revenue decrease for the period is a consequence of an expected temporary hiatus on one client's activity.  Operating Expenses  Total operating expenses for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 were $249,534 and $736,532, respectively, versus $340,687 and $899,857, respectively, during the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2015.  Consulting Expenses  The Company outsources a significant portion of its project management, oversight and advisory activities to a carefully selected group of small firms, individuals and subcontractors with expertise specific to the projects underway.  Liquidity and Capital Resources  As of September 30, 2016, the Company had working capital (that is, total current assets minus total current liabilities) of $63,115 versus a working capital deficit of ($119,672) as of year ended December 31, 2015. This change is principally due to a change in the accounting treatment of a contingent obligation (see Note 4).  As of September 30, 2016, the Company had net cash of $38,282 versus $119,167 at December 31, 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net cash provided (used) by operating activities was ($85,885) versus $44,268 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The change in net cash used by operating activities for the nine month period in 2015 to net cash provided by operating activities in the recent nine month period resulted largely from an increase in accounts receivable and a decrease in accounts payable.  For the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, no cash was expended by investing activities.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, there was $5,000 net cash provided by financing activities versus $17,500 net cash provided by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The earlier period result was due primarily to a cash infusion by an investor, and the recent period result was principally due to cash infusions received from investors.  The Company believes that funds generated from operations, together with existing cash and cash infusions by major stockholders, will be sufficient to finance its operations for the next twelve months, but are likely to be insufficient to fund its contractual obligation discussed below and to fund growth. The Company has begun exploring options and alternatives for raising additional capital to cover any working capital needs and its contractual obligation, and to fund growth initiatives in its identified markets. However, there can be no assurance that any new debt or equity financing arrangement will be available to the Company when needed on acceptable terms, if at all. The continued operations of the Company are dependent on its ability to collect its receivables and increase revenues.  Income Taxes  The Company did not record any income tax provision for the three or nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, and does not expect any material income tax liability for the period.  Contractual Obligation  As previously disclosed and described in Note 4 to the financial statements, the Company has entered into a renewable 20-year Technology Agreement with a third party licensor (the "Licensor") that developed engines capable of converting low grade heat into other forms of energy. Under the terms of the Technology Agreement, the Company obtained certain exclusive license rights in the engines developed by the Licensor which will permit the Company to develop, manufacture and integrate such engines into its projects. An upfront payment of $200,000 and escalating volume-related quarterly payments are contractually required in order to maintain certain exclusive markets. The payments, taken as whole, are expected to obligate the Company to amounts of $250,000 to $400,000 per year depending upon the growth in revenue from this source. If the expected revenues do not materialize, the Company may elect not to pay these sums, and in the event of non-payment, the Company retains a non-exclusive license subject to royalty fees.  As previously disclosed by the Company, and as discussed in Note 4 to the Financial Statements herein, the Company learned that the Licensor was administratively dissolved for failure to pay franchise taxes, and that the Licensor's two U.S. patents in connection with the License Agreement expired.  Critical Accounting Policy & Estimates  Our Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section discusses our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates and judgments, including those related to revenue recognition, accrued expenses, financing operations, and contingencies and litigation. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions and conditions. The most significant accounting estimates inherent in the preparation of our financial statements include estimates as to the appropriate carrying value of certain assets and liabilities which are not readily apparent from other sources. These accounting policies are described at relevant sections in this discussion and analysis and in the condensed consolidated financial statements included in this quarterly report.  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  The Company has no off-balance sheet arrangements.  Nov 14, 2016  (c) 1995-2016 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


Tesla earnings: Will Model 3 live up to the hype?


U.S. tech stocks shape up for another day of selling after Amazon disappoints


Jeff Bezos was the richest person in the world, for half a day















Most Popular





The dark side of cruises





Coca-Cola to replace Coke Zero in U.S.





Dow ends at record, but tech slump weighs on S&P 500, Nasdaq





If you can buy only one stock or ETF, make it this one





How to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 





















Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:45 AM ET
Commercial Services and Supplies

Company Overview of Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
As of May 15, 2013, Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp. was acquired by Sustainable Energy Industries, Inc. and Cornerstone Program Advisors LLC, in a reverse merger transaction. Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp. is a blank check company. Previously, the company was engaged in acquiring and collecting portfolios of performing, sub-performing, and non-performing consumer and commercial receivables in the United States. Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp. was formerly known as Feminique Corporation and changed its name in March 2004. The company was founded in 1980 and is based in Jersey City, New Jersey.


Harborside Financial Center2500 Plaza 5Jersey City, NJ 07311United StatesFounded in 19801 Employees



Phone: 201-633-4715

Fax: 646-290-7809








Key Executives for Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp.


Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 $1 Energy Fund, Inc. United States 1 Class Corp United States 1 Solution Corp United States 1-800 Junk-USA United States 100 Pablo, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































CSEI Stock Quote - Receivable-Acquisition-&-Management-Corp Summary - Quicken® Investing Center







| Quicken
















 












Skip to main content






Quicken Logo




Quicken Logo








United StatesCanada

 



            Cart            



Sign InMy Account
Investment Portfolio

 









You are here









Loading... 












Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp (NASDAQ:CSEI) News & Analysis






















    























































































Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp Company Profile (NASDAQ:CSEI)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp (NASDAQ:CSEI)
Receivable Acquisition & Management Corporation (CSEI) specializes in delivering energy infrastructure and alternative energy solutions to a wide range of commercial customers and institutions, such as hospitals and universities. The Company has two business components. The first business component is the management of infrastructure projects for commercial and institutional customers. These projects involve some combination of energy infrastructure components, including electrical power generation, steam production, or chilled water production, as well as the infrastructure to distribute these services. The Company acts as the representative of the customer in overseeing and managing an infrastructure project, or takes the role of project developer under an agreement with the customer. The second business component is focused on the commercialization of engine technology, which converts low-grade heat to mechanical energy. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: N/A
Industry: N/A
Sub-Industry: N/A
Symbol: NASDAQ:CSEI
CUSIP: N/A
Web: N/A

Average Prices:


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: P/E Growth: 



 

Frequently Asked Questions for Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp (NASDAQ:CSEI)
What is Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp's stock symbol?

Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp trades on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol "CSEI."



Who are some of Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp include RAMBLER METALS & M (RBMTF), SemiLEDS Corporation (LEDS), DragonWave (DRWI), Celsion Corporation (CLSN), Chanticleer Holdings (HOTR), Opexa Therapeutics (OPXA), RightsCorp (RIHT), Real Goods Solar (RGSE), Marathon Patent Group (MARA), Acura Pharmaceuticals (ACUR), Rand Logistics (RLOG), MagneGas Corporation (MNGA), Strata Skin Sciences (SSKN), Rosetta Genomics (ROSG), One Horizon Group (OHGI), U.S. Energy Corp. (USEG), DryShips (DRYS) and PhotoMedex (PHMD).



How do I buy Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp stock? 

Shares of Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp's stock price today?

One share of Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp stock can currently be purchased for approximately $0.02.


MarketBeat Community Rating for Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp (NASDAQ CSEI)Community Ranking:  2.9 out of 5 ( )Outperform Votes:  4 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  3 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  7MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp (NASDAQ:CSEI) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: No ratings tracked in the last 12 months.Consensus Rating:N/A (Score: NaN)Consensus Price Target: N/A

Analysts' Ratings History for Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp (NASDAQ:CSEI)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


                    No equities research coverage for this company has been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Earnings
Earnings History for Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp (NASDAQ:CSEI)No earnings announcements for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp (NASDAQ:CSEI)No earnings estimates for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Dividends
Dividend History for Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp (NASDAQ:CSEI)No dividend announcements for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Insider Trades
Insider Trading and Institutional Ownership History for Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp (NASDAQ:CSEI)Insider Trades by Quarter for Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp (NASDAQ:CSEI)Transaction DateInsider NameTitleBuy/SellNumber of SharesAverage Share PriceTotal TransactionDetails1/15/2015Peter Joseph FazioCOOSell5,853,197$0.01$58,531.97  (Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Headlines
Headline Trends for Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp (NASDAQ:CSEI)


Latest Headlines for Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp (NASDAQ:CSEI)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineThe Trade Desk Is A High Growth IPO Candidateseekingalpha.com - September 1 at 4:22 PMDerma Sciences Completes the Sale of Its First Aid Products Divisionfinance.yahoo.com - September 1 at 4:22 PMSalesforce Announces Fiscal 2017 Second Quarter Resultswww.prnewswire.com - September 1 at 10:20 AMSalesforce (CRM) Q2 Earnings Beat Estimates; Guides Lowfinance.yahoo.com - September 1 at 10:20 AMRECEIVABLE ACQUISITION & MANAGEMENT CORP Financialsfinance.yahoo.com - August 31 at 9:14 AMStarbucks - A Gem In Plain Sightseekingalpha.com - August 30 at 4:25 PMSignet Jewelers Reports Second Quarter Financial Resultsfinance.yahoo.com - August 25 at 9:24 AMGSE Systems' (GVP) CEO Kyle Loudermilk on Q2 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcriptseekingalpha.com - August 15 at 9:58 PMInside Oracle’s Acquisition Machinefortune.com - August 15 at 9:58 PMTheScore Inc: Investing In The Profitable Future Of Fantasy Sports And ESportsseekingalpha.com - August 15 at 4:37 PMNational Waste Management Holdings Inc. Reports 226% Increase in Revenue for the Second Quarter 2016finance.yahoo.com - August 12 at 10:16 AMAemetis, Inc. Reports Second Quarter 2016 Financial Resultswww.marketwatch.com - August 11 at 10:20 AM10-Q: PENNANTPARK INVESTMENT CORPwww.marketwatch.com - August 9 at 10:12 AM10-Q: OHA INVESTMENT CORPwww.marketwatch.com - August 6 at 10:19 AMWilldan Group's (WLDN) CEO Thomas Brisbin on Q2 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcriptseekingalpha.com - August 4 at 10:07 PM10-Q: E TRADE FINANCIAL CORPwww.marketwatch.com - August 4 at 10:07 PMStandard Motor Products' (SMP) CEO Eric Sills on Q2 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcriptseekingalpha.com - August 4 at 10:37 AMLuminex's (LMNX) CEO Homi Shamir on Q2 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcriptseekingalpha.com - July 29 at 4:31 PMMTBC Launches Hospital Receivables Management Solutionfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 4:02 PMMondelez International Reports Q2 Resultsfinance.yahoo.com - July 27 at 11:55 AMVMware: An Unheralded Story Of Market Dominance In IT's Hottest Areaseekingalpha.com - July 22 at 10:42 AMIDGlobal Corporation Issues a Shareholder Updatefinance.yahoo.com - July 22 at 10:42 AMDoes Timeshare Solving Its Capital Needs Dilemma Create Investment Opportunity?seekingalpha.com - July 20 at 10:41 AMOrkla, The Norwegian Kraft, Has Another Great Quarterwww.nasdaq.com - July 20 at 10:41 AMHanmi’s Second Quarter Results Driven by Strong Loan Production and 20% Year-Over-Year Growth in Loansfinance.yahoo.com - July 19 at 10:05 AM


Social





Chart
Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp (CSEI) Chart for Friday, July, 28, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/28/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff















































MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin

Starbucks's stock on track to open at 4-month low after Q3 results late Thursday »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



U.S. Economy


U.S. Politics


Earnings


Sales


Aerospace


Ice




Markets


Production


Iraq


Russia


Oil


United Kingdom




Europe


European Markets


London Markets


Health Care


Income


Insurance






People in the news



Jones, Edward


Trump, Donald


Woods, Tiger


Buffett, Warren


Putnam, George


Clinton, Bill




Obama, Barack


Putin, Vladimir


Tillerson, Rex


Washington, George


Ryan, James


Walker, David




West, David


Williams, James


Gray, John


Clooney, George


Cruise, Tom


Jolie, Angelina






Companies in the news



Northrop Grumman Corp.


International Data Group


New York Mercantile Exchange


American International Group


Health Care Insurance


Miners




Metal Exchange


Target Corp.


United National


Performance


News Corp.


Jones




Oppenheimer


International Industries


Transport Service


Capital One Financial


Apple Inc.


eBay Inc.






Organizations in the news



American Petroleum Institute


European Union


OPEC


Education Department


Transportation Department


European Central Bank




Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Congress


Public Service Commission


Securities and Exchange Commission


Baseball


Nasdaq Stock Market




Consumers Union


World Bank


Council on Foreign Relations


Security Council


Senate


Boston College












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




7:45 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:46aAbbVie still sees full-year EPS $4.55 to $4.65
7:45aAbbVie Q2 revenue $6.94 bln vs. $6.45 bln; FactSet consensus $6.93 bln
7:44aAbbVie Q2 adj. EPS $1.42; FactSet consensus $1.40
7:44aGoodyear's stock plunges 9.1% premarket after Q2 results
7:44aAbbVie Q2 EPS $1.19 vs. 98 cents
7:44aGoodyear cuts 2017 segment operating income outlook to $1.60 bln-$1.65 bln from $2.0 bln
7:43aGet ready for the less-profitable Amazon that you used to know 
7:42aWells Fargo charged customers for duplicate car insurance
7:42aGoodyear Q2 sales $3.69 bln vs. $3.88 bln; FactSet consensus $3.73 bln
7:42aCORRECT: Goodyear Q2 adj. EPS 70 cents; FactSet consensus 70 cents
7:40aGoodyear Tire & Rubber Q2 EPS 58 cents vs. 75 cents a year ago
7:40aAmerican Air shares jump 3% after profit beat
7:37aAmerican Airlines's stock jumps 2.9% premarket after Q2 results
7:37aAmerican Airlines to invest $4.1 bln in new aircraft in 2017
7:36aAmerican Airlines Q2 passenger load factor 83.7% vs. 82.9% a year ago
7:35aAmerican Airlines Q2 PRASM up 6.0%
7:34aAmerican Airlines Q2 mainline passenger revenue up 7.5% to $7.75 bln
7:33aAmerican Airlines Q2 $11.11 bln vs. $10.36 bln; FactSet consensus $11.06 bln
7:33aAmerican Airlines Q2 adj. EPS $1.92; FactSet consensus $1.85
7:33aAmerican Airlines Q2 EPS $1.63 vs. $1.68 a year ago
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































Business Services Company Research Reports


























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance






Finance Services
Banking
Cards
Credit & Loans
Financial Company Reports
Investment
Mortgage
Payment
Other Financial Services


Insurance
General Insurance
Health Insurance
Insurance Company Reports
Life Insurance
Property Insurance
Reinsurance
Auto Insurance


Business Services
Accounting & Tax Services
Advertising
Brokerage
Business Support
Business Services Company Reports
Consulting
Diversified Services Company Reports
Franchise
Wealth Management


Company Reports
Business Survey
Real Estate





Retail






Retail
Cash & Carry
Convenience Stores
Department Stores
Duty Free
Hypermarkets & Supermarkets
Online Retail
Retail Company Reports
Service Station Retail
Specialist Store
Wholesale 

Consumer Goods
Consumer Products Company Reports
Cosmetics & Hygiene Products
Furnishing
Jewelry & Accessories
Household Products
Pet Products
Sporting Goods & Equipment
Stationery
Textile & Leather
Tobacco
Toys & Games 

Food & Beverage
Alcoholic Drinks
Soft Drinks
Food
Food & Beverage Company Reports







Industry






Agriculture
Agribusiness
Agricultural Products
Animal Husbandry
Fisheries
Fertilizers
Gardening & Forestry

Construction
Building Materials
Building Products Company Reports
Commercial Construction
Engineering & Construction Services Company Report
Industrial construction
Infrastructure
Residential Construction


Energy
Alternative Energy
Batteries & Accumulators
Electric Power
Energy Company Reports
Nuclear Power
Smart Grid
Thermal Power

Metallurgy
Alkali Metals
Ferrous Metallurgy
Metal Alloys
Metal products
Metals & Mining Company Reports
Non-Ferrous Metallurgy
Precious Metals
Rare-Earth Metals
Uranous Metals (Actinoid)


Mineral Raw Materials
Building Raw Materials & Fillers
Conglomerates Company Reports
Fossil Fuel
Nonmetallic Minerals
Metalloids
Ores
Precious & Semi-Precious Stones


Machinery & Equipment
Defence & Security
Packaging Industry
Publishing Industry
Pulp & Paper
Vehicle
Other Industries






Chemicals






Organic Chemicals
Alcohols
Alkenes (Olefins)
Ethers
Organic Acids & Derivatives
Aldehydes & Ketones
Amines
Halogenated
Polymers
Alkanes
Benzene & Derivatives
Isocyanates


Inorganic Chemicals
Alkali
Inorganic Salts
Non-Metallic Oxides
Inorganic Acids
Metal Oxides


Chemical Company Reports
Chemical Reports by CAS Number
Composite Materials
Oils & Lubricants






IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences






Medical Devices
Anesthesia & Respiratory
Cardiovascular Devices
Dental
Diabetes Care
Diagnostic Equipment
Drug Delivery
Endoscopy
Ear, Nose & Throat (ENT)
Healthcare Equipment/Supplies Company Reports
Implants
Neurology
Orthopedic
Ophthalmic
Surgical Equipment
Wound Closure
Other Medical Devices


Biotechnology
Biomarkers
Biomaterials
Biosimilars
Stem Cell

Diagnostics & Diseases
In Vitro Diagnostics
Incontinence
Cancer
Cardiovascular
Diabetes
Hepatitis


Healthcare
Healthcare Services Company Reports
Ear Care
Eye Care
Hospital
Medicated Skin Care
Therapy
Wound Care


Pharmaceuticals
Clinical Trial
Drug Stores
Drugs
Pharmaceuticals Company Reports
Vaccines

Medical Products
Veterinary






Services






Freight & Trucking
Air Freight
Freight & Trucking Company Reports
Rail Freight
Road Freight
Water Freight


Media & Entertainment
Casino and Gaming
Cinema & Theater
Magazine & Newspaper
Media Company Reports
Music
Social Media
Television & Radio


Food Service
Fast Food
Restaurants
Restaurants & Leisure Company Reports
Pub & Bar


Consumer Services
Education
Hotels
Legal Services
Logistics
Post & Courier
Recruitment
Rent
Sports & Fitness Center
Travel & Leisure
Other Services








About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

Business & Finance

Business Services

Business Services Company Reports








Business Services Company Research Reports


The business services industry encompasses specialized companies providing various types of business-related services to other firms. Business services can be classified into such types as accounting, marketing, security, advertising, internal audit, consulting, risk management, recruitment, finance, transportation, etc. 
The business services market is highly fragmented, so there are no noticeably dominant players able to control the industry. EA Consulting Asia Pacific, Sutherland Global Service, HTC Global Services, McKinsey, BCG are amid the most renowned players of the worldwide market. 
The catalogue “Business Services Company Reports” contains a raft of research studies devoted to players of the business services market. The reports offer in-depth examinations of the competitive landscape, present SWOT analyses, and review their performances.  The researches also contain valuable data on the companies’ owners, senior management, locations, subsidiaries, markets, product portfolios and history. The reports not only offer companies’ profiles, but also cover their business activities. Valuable data on M&As, new product launches and company news digest are available in the research studies, too.





All Regions
Global
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            East Asia and Pacific
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Australia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --China
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Hong Kong
                                                                                                                    --India
                                                                                --Indonesia
                                                                                                                                                        --Japan
                                                                                --South Korea
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Malaysia
                                                                                                                                                        --New Zealand
                                                                                                                                                        --Pakistan
                                                                                                                    --Philippines
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Singapore
                                                                                                                                                        --Sri Lanka
                                                                                                                                                        --Taiwan
                                                                                --Thailand
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Business Services Company Reports


All Publishers BAC Industry Comparative Analysis
                        BAC SWOT Company Reports
                        Business Strategies Group
                        datamining
                        GlobalData
                        Timetric
                    



                            Found
                                 2950 publications                    



Zippi Networks, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zippi Networks, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhongyuan Environment-Protection Co Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhongyuan Environment-Protection Co Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhonghui Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhonghui Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhejiang Guangbo Group Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhejiang Guangbo Group Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zamage Digital Art Imaging, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zamage Digital Art Imaging, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yusen Logistics Co.,Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yusen Logistics Co.,Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yuasa Funashoku Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yuasa Funashoku Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Young Jin Infra CO., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Young Jin Infra CO., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


YouGov PLC - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
YouGov PLC - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


YouChange Holdings Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
YouChange Holdings Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yokohama Maruuo Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yokohama Maruuo Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yokohama Gyorui Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yokohama Gyorui Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yem Chio Co., Ltd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yem Chio Co., Ltd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yangjisa Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yangjisa Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yamada Servicer Synthetic Office Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yamada Servicer Synthetic Office Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Y-Entec Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Y-Entec Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xpress Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xpress Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xinyinhai Technology, Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xinyinhai Technology, Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xerius Bioscience Ag - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xerius Bioscience Ag - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


WSP Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
WSP Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


W.S. Industries Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
W.S. Industries Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


WS Atkins plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
WS Atkins plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Workforce Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Workforce Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Work Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Work Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Woobangland Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Woobangland Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


WISE Group AB - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
WISE Group AB - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Windswept Environmental Group, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Windswept Environmental Group, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


WindPower Innovations, Inc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
WindPower Innovations, Inc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wincanton plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wincanton plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wilson Learning Worldwide - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wilson Learning Worldwide - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Willy Food Investments Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Willy Food Investments Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wilhelmina International, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wilhelmina International, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Widetech Malaysia Bhd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Widetech Malaysia Bhd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Worldwide Food Services, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Worldwide Food Services, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Worldwide Auction Solutions, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Worldwide Auction Solutions, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


WHK Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
WHK Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Western Lucrative Enterprises, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Western Lucrative Enterprises, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


West Mountain Capital Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
West Mountain Capital Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wescorp Energy Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wescorp Energy Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wesco Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wesco Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wellcom Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wellcom Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wellco Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wellco Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Weathernews Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Weathernews Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wdb Co.,Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wdb Co.,Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


WCA Waste Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
WCA Waste Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Waterman Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Waterman Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Water Hall Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Water Hall Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Waste Management, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Waste Management, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Waste Connections Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Waste Connections Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Global Warming Solutions, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Global Warming Solutions, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages




1
2
3
4
5
>

Skip to top





Market Reports


All Categories  Financial Services Banking Cards Credit & Loans Financial Company Reports Investment Mortgage Payment Other Financial Services  Insurance General Insurance Health Insurance Insurance Company Reports Life Insurance Property Insurance Reinsurance Auto Insurance  Business Services Accounting & Tax Services Advertising Brokerage Business Support Business Services Company Reports Consulting Diversified Services Company Reports Franchise Wealth Management  Real Estate Real Estate Company Reports  Business Survey 






Need Help?

								+44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
				+1 732 587 5005 (USA)
info@marketpublishers.com







Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:























Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp. Fundamental Company Report Including Financial, SWOT, Competitors and Industry Analysis




























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance






Finance Services
Banking
Cards
Credit & Loans
Financial Company Reports
Investment
Mortgage
Payment
Other Financial Services


Insurance
General Insurance
Health Insurance
Insurance Company Reports
Life Insurance
Property Insurance
Reinsurance
Auto Insurance


Business Services
Accounting & Tax Services
Advertising
Brokerage
Business Support
Business Services Company Reports
Consulting
Diversified Services Company Reports
Franchise
Wealth Management


Company Reports
Business Survey
Real Estate





Retail






Retail


Consumer Goods


Food & Beverage







Industry

Chemicals

IT & Technology

Life Sciences

Services



About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

Business & Finance

Business Services

Business Services Company Reports





Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp. Fundamental Company Report Including Financial, SWOT, Competitors and Industry Analysis





Date:
July 15, 2017



Pages:
50


Price:




US$ 499.00








 Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp. Fundamental Company Report Including Financial, SWOT, Competitors and Industry Analysis







Enhanced SWOT Analysis (+ US$ 75.00)








PESTEL Analysis (+ US$ 150.00)








IFE, EFE, IE Matrices (+ US$ 125.00)








Porter Five Forces Analysis (+ US$ 75.00)








VRIO Analysis (+ US$ 75.00)








Special Bundle, including all types of analyses (+ US$ 400.00)You save US$ 100.00



Publisher:
BAC Reports


Report type:
Strategic Report


Delivery:

E-mail Delivery - PDF (on default), Hard Copy Mail Delivery (+US$ 190.00)



ID:
R47E344145CBEN



        Leaflet:
    

Download PDF Leaflet






















Abstracts
Contents
Analysis Features





Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp. Fundamental Company Report provides a complete overview of the company’s affairs. All available data is presented in a comprehensive and easily accessed format. The report includes financial and SWOT information, industry analysis, opinions, estimates, plus annual and quarterly forecasts made by stock market experts. The report also enables direct comparison to be made between Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp. and its competitors. This provides our Clients with a clear understanding of Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp. position in the  Commercial Services and Supplies Industry.  


The report contains detailed information about Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp. that gives an unrivalled in-depth knowledge about internal business-environment of the company: data about the owners, senior executives, locations, subsidiaries, markets, products, and company history. 
Another part of the report is a SWOT-analysis carried out for  Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp.. It involves specifying the objective of the company's business and identifies the different factors that are favorable and unfavorable to achieving that objective. SWOT-analysis helps to understand company’s strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and possible threats against it. 
The Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp. financial analysis covers the income statement and ratio trend-charts with balance sheets and cash flows presented on an annual and quarterly basis.  The report outlines the main financial ratios pertaining to profitability, margin analysis, asset turnover, credit ratios, and company’s long-term solvency. This sort of company's information will assist and strengthen your company’s decision-making processes.  
In the part that describes Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp. competitors and the industry in whole, the information about company's financial ratios is compared to those of its competitors and to the industry. The unique analysis of the market and company’s competitors along with detailed information about the internal and external factors affecting the relevant industry will help to manage your business environment. Your company’s business and sales activities will be boosted by gaining an insight into your competitors’ businesses. 
Also the report provides relevant news, an analysis of PR-activity, and stock price movements. The latter are correlated with pertinent news and press releases, and annual and quarterly forecasts are given by a variety of experts and market research firms. Such information creates your awareness about principal trends of Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp. business. 


About Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp.
Receivable Acquisition & Management Corporation engages in the acquisition and collection of portfolios of performing, sub-performing and non-performing consumer and commercial receivables in the United States.

History

The company was founded in 1980. It was formerly known as Biopharmaceutics, Inc. and changed its name to Feminique Corporation in 1999. Later, it changed its name to Receivable Acquisition & Management Corporation in 2004.
The above Company Fundamental Report is a half-ready report and contents are subject to change. 
It means that we have all necessary data in our database to prepare the report but need 2-3 days to complete it. During this time we are also updating the report with respect to the current moment. So, you can get all the most recent data available for the same price. Please note that preparation of additional types of analyses requires extra time.




RESEARCH METHODOLOGY	
DISCLAIMER	
1. RECEIVABLE ACQUISITION AND MANAGEMENT CORP. COMPANY PROFILE
1.1. Key facts
1.2. Financial Performance	
1.3. Key Executives	
1.4. Ownership and Major Holders	
1.5. Company History	
2. RECEIVABLE ACQUISITION AND MANAGEMENT CORP. BUSINESS OVERVIEW
2.1. Business Description	
2.2. Major Products and Services	
2.3. Markets and Sales Activities
2.4. Locations, Subsidiaries, Operating Units
3. RECEIVABLE ACQUISITION AND MANAGEMENT CORP. SWOT ANALYSIS
3.1. Overview
3.2. Strengths
3.3. Weaknesses
3.4. Opportunities
3.5. Threats
4. RECEIVABLE ACQUISITION AND MANAGEMENT CORP. FINANCIAL ANALYSIS
4.1. Financial Statements
  4.1.1. Income Statement
  4.1.2. Balance Sheet
  4.1.3. Cash Flow
4.2. Financial Ratios
  4.2.1. Profitability
  4.2.2. Margin Analysis
  4.2.3. Asset Turnover
  4.2.4. Credit Ratios
  4.2.5. Long-Term Solvency
  4.2.6. Growth Over Prior Year
  4.2.7. Financial Ratios Charts
4.3. Stock Market Snapshot
5. RECEIVABLE ACQUISITION AND MANAGEMENT CORP. COMPETITORS AND INDUSTRY ANALYSIS
5.1. Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp. Direct Competitors
5.2. Comparison of Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp. and Direct Competitors Financial Ratios
5.3. Comparison of Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp. and Direct Competitors Stock Charts
5.4. Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp. Industry Analysis
  5.4.1. Commercial Services and Supplies Industry Snapshot
  5.4.2. Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp. Industry Position Analysis
6. RECEIVABLE ACQUISITION AND MANAGEMENT CORP. NEWS & EVENTS
6.1. News & PR Activity Analysis
6.2. IR Corporate News
6.3. Marketing News
6.4. Corporate Events
7. RECEIVABLE ACQUISITION AND MANAGEMENT CORP. EXPERTS REVIEW1
7.1. Experts Opinion
7.2. Experts Estimates
8. RECEIVABLE ACQUISITION AND MANAGEMENT CORP. ENHANCED SWOT ANALYSIS2
9. UNITED STATES PESTEL ANALYSIS2
9.1. Political Factors
9.2. Economic Factors
9.3. Social Factors
9.4. Technological Factors
9.5. Environmental Factors
9.6. Legal Factors
10. RECEIVABLE ACQUISITION AND MANAGEMENT CORP.  IFE, EFE, IE MATRICES2
10.1. Internal Factor Evaluation Matrix
10.2. External Factor Evaluation Matrix
10.3. Internal External Matrix
11. RECEIVABLE ACQUISITION AND MANAGEMENT CORP. PORTER FIVE FORCES ANALYSIS2
12. RECEIVABLE ACQUISITION AND MANAGEMENT CORP. VRIO ANALYSIS2

APPENDIX: RATIO DEFINITIONS

LIST OF TABLES
Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp. Key Facts
Profitability
Management Effectiveness
Income Statement Key Figures
Balance Sheet Key Figures
Cash Flow Statement Key Figures
Financial Performance Abbreviation Guide
Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp. Key Executives
Key Executives Biographies1
Key Executives Compensations1
Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp. Major Shareholders
Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp. History	
Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp. Products
Revenues by Segment 
Revenues by Region	
Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp. Offices and Representations
Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp. SWOT Analysis
Yearly Income Statement Including Trends 
Income Statement Latest 4 Quarters Including Trends 
Yearly Balance Sheet Including Trends 
Balance Sheet Latest 4 Quarters Including Trends 
Yearly Cash Flow Including Trends 
Cash Flow Latest 4 Quarters Including Trends 
Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp. Profitability Ratios
Margin Analysis Ratios
Asset Turnover Ratios
Credit Ratios 
Long-Term Solvency Ratios
Financial Ratios Growth Over Prior Year
Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp. Capital Market Snapshot
Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp. Direct Competitors Key Facts
Direct Competitors Profitability Ratios
Direct Competitors Margin Analysis Ratios
Direct Competitors Asset Turnover Ratios
Direct Competitors Credit Ratios
Direct Competitors Long-Term Solvency Ratios
Commercial Services and Supplies Industry Statistics
Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp. Industry Position
Company vs. Industry Income Statement Analysis
Company vs. Industry Balance Sheet Analysis
Company vs. Industry Cash Flow Analysis
Company vs. Industry Ratios Comparison
Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp. Consensus Recommendations1
Analyst Recommendation Summary1
Price Target Summary1
Experts Recommendation Trends1
Revenue Estimates Analysis1
Earnings Estimates Analysis1
Historical Surprises1
Revenue Estimates Trend1
Earnings Estimates Trend1
Revenue Revisions1
LIST OF FIGURES
Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp. Annual Revenues in Comparison with Cost of Goods Sold and Gross Profit
Profit Margin Chart
Operating Margin Chart
Return on Equity (ROE) Chart
Return on Assets (ROA) Chart
Debt to Equity Chart
Current Ratio Chart
Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp. 1-year Stock Charts
Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp. 5-year Stock Charts
Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp. vs. Main Indexes 1-year Stock Chart
Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp. vs. Direct Competitors 1-year Stock Charts
Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp. Article Density Chart
1 – Data availability depends on company’s security policy. 
2 – These sections are available only when you purchase a report with appropriate additional types of analyses. 
The complete financial data is available for publicly traded companies.

SWOT Analysis
SWOT, which stands for Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities and Threats, is an analytical framework that identifies the internal and external factors that are favorable and unfavorable for a company.

Enhanced SWOT Analysis
Enhanced SWOT is a 3×3 grid that arranges strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats into one scheme:

How to use the strengths to take advantage of the opportunities?
How to use the strengths to reduce likelihood and impact of the threats?
How to overcome the weaknesses that obstruct taking advantage of the opportunities? 
How to overcome the weaknesses that can make the threats a reality?

Upon answering these questions a company can develop a project plan to improve its business performance.

PESTEL Analysis
PESTEL (also termed as PESTLE) is an ideal tool to strategically analyze what influence different outside factors – political, economic, sociocultural, technological, environmental and legal – exert on a business to later chart its long term targets.
Being part of the external analysis when carrying out a strategic assessment or performing a market study, PESTEL gives an overview of diverse macro-environmental factors that any company should thoughtfully consider. By perceiving these outside environments, businesses can maximally benefit from the opportunities while minimizing the threats to the organization.
Key Factors Examined by PESTEL Analysis:

Political – What opportunities and pressures are brought by political bodies and what is the degree of public regulations’ impact on the business?
Economic – What economic policies, trends and structures are expected to affect the organization, what is this influence’s degree?
Sociological – What cultural and societal aspects will work upon the demand for the business’s products and operations?
Technological – What impact do the technological aspects, innovations, incentives and barriers have on the organization?
Environmental – What environmental and ecological facets, both locally and farther afield, are likely to predetermine the business?
Legal – What laws and legislation will exert influence on the style the business is carried out?


IFE, EFE, IE Matrices
The Internal Factor Evaluation matrix (IFE matrix) is a strategic management tool helping audit or evaluate major weaknesses and strengths in a business’s functional areas. In addition, IFE matrix serves as a basis for identifying and assessing relationships amongst those areas. The IFE matrix is utilised in strategy formulation.
The External Factor Evaluation matrix (EFE matrix) is a tool of strategic management that is typically utilised to assess current market conditions. It is an ideal instrument for visualising and prioritising the threats and opportunities a firm is facing.
The essential difference between the above mentioned matrices lies in the type of factors incorporated in the model; whilst the latter is engaged in internal factors, the former deals exceptionally with external factors – those exposed to social, political, economic, legal, etc. external forces. 
Being a continuation of the EFE matrix and IFE matrix models, the Internal External matrix (IE matrix) rests upon an investigation of external and internal business factors integrated into one suggestive model. 

Porter Five Forces Analysis
The Porter’s five forces analysis studies the industry of operation and helps the company find new sources of competitive advantage. The analysis surveys an industry through five major questions:

What composes a threat of substitute products and services?
Is there a threat of new competitors entering the market?
What is the intensity of competitive rivalry?
How big is the bargaining power of buyers?
How significant is the bargaining power of suppliers?


VRIO Analysis
VRIO stands for Value, Rarity, Imitability, Organization. This analysis helps to evaluate all company’s resources and capabilities and bring them together into one aggregate table that includes:

Tangible resources
Financial
Physical
Technological
Organizational

Intangible resources
Human
Innovation and Creativity
Reputation

Organizational capabilities

The result of the analysis gives a clear picture of company’s competitive and economic implications, answering the questions if the resources mentioned above are:

Valuable?
Rare? 
Costly to imitate? 
Organized properly? 

Skip to top




MORE PUBLICATIONS


Forest Resources Management Corp Fundamental Company Report Including Financial, SWOT, Competitors and Industry Analysis
US$ 499.00
Jul, 2017 · 50 pages


Titanium Asset Management Corp. Fundamental Company Report Including Financial, SWOT, Competitors and Industry Analysis
US$ 499.00
Jul, 2017 · 50 pages








Ask Your Question
Receivable Acquisition and Management Corp. Fundamental Company Report Including Financial, SWOT, Competitors and Industry Analysis







Company name*:



Contact person*:



Phone/fax*:



Email*:




 Request invoice


Your enquiry:




				Please click on a Check Box below to confirm you are not a robot:
					


























Market Reports


All Categories  Financial Services Banking Cards Credit & Loans Financial Company Reports Investment Mortgage Payment Other Financial Services  Insurance General Insurance Health Insurance Insurance Company Reports Life Insurance Property Insurance Reinsurance Auto Insurance  Business Services Accounting & Tax Services Advertising Brokerage Business Support Business Services Company Reports Consulting Diversified Services Company Reports Franchise Wealth Management  Real Estate Real Estate Company Reports  Business Survey 












Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:


















































(PZ) Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp. Announces Net Income Increases 494 Percent for Quarter Ending June 30, 2006 Over Comparable Period - Houston Chronicle


















































































































SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week

 

Sign In



 







MenuSections














 










http://www.chron.com/news/article/PZ-Receivable-Acquisition-Management-Corp-1863086.php



(PZ) Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp. Announces Net Income Increases 494 Percent for Quarter Ending June 30, 2006 Over Comparable Period


© 2006 PRIMEZONE


        Published 7:10 pm, Tuesday, August 15, 2006
    



































































NEW YORK, Aug. 15, 2006 (PRIMEZONE) -- Receivable Acquisition & Management Corporation (OTCBB:RCVA) announced today that its net income was $137,018 during the quarter ended June 30, 2006 versus a net loss of $44,797 during the quarter ended June 30, 2005, a 494% increase. Net collections for the period ended June 30, 2006 were $302,535 versus $213,575 for the period ended June 30, 2005, a 42% increase.
Max Khan, CEO, said, "We are delighted with the current results and believe the company is heading in the right direction which is indicated by our quarter to quarter finance income increases. We expect to ramp up purchases of portfolios of consumer receivables over the next several quarters however we cannot provide any guarantees."



Related Stories





                    (PZ) Receivable Acquisition & Management Corporation Forms a New Partnership With California Credit Union League
                




With portfolios held as of June 30, 2006, RCVA estimates remaining collections of $2,784,000 over the next 24-36 months.
Information about Receivable Acquisition & Management Corporation (RCVA):
Based in New York City, Receivable Acquisition & Management Corporation specializes in acquisition and liquidation of performing, sub-performing and non-performing receivables. The Company outsources all its collections to specialists in the U.S. and United Kingdom. For additional information, please visit our Web site at http://www.ramcoglobal.com.
Except for historical information contained herein, the matters set forth in this news release are "forward-looking" statements (as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.) Although Receivable Acquisition & Management Corporation believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, there can be no assurance that its expectations will be realized. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from Receivable Acquisition & Management Corporation's expectations. Factors that could contribute to such differences include those identified in Receivable Acquisition & Management Corporation's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2005, and those described from time to time in Receivable Acquisition & Management Corporation's other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, news releases and other communications, including that RAM may not be able to purchase receivable portfolios at favorable prices or on sufficiently favorable terms or at all. Receivable Acquisition & Management Corporation's reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission are available free of charge through its website at http://www.ramcoglobal.com.

CONTACT:  Receivable Acquisition & Management Corporation
          (800) 521-6959
          info@ramcoglobal.com

 














Latest from the Chron.com Homepage

Click below for the top news from around the Houston area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page.









Happening Now
 



Local gas company posts big losses, plans to sell
Astros deal among all-time most lopsided trades
Houston-based oil giant cuts 1,500 jobs
Strip club video emerges in wreck that killed officer

 
















Trending
 



Could you pass a US citizenship test?
Astros star posts sweet pic of family on Instagram
GOP dealt stiff blow in Senate bid to repeal 'Obamacare'
New TV station to air exclusively Texas shows
Teacher punished for underwear-free cartwheel in front of kids
Apple kills 2 items you probably tossed in a drawer
Federal fugitive caught sunbathing in backyard
Bellaire builder charged after litany of complaints
Once classic baby names at risk of going extinct

 








Glimpse inside the 'Bachelor' and 'Bachelorette' auditions
MORE HOUSTON AND TEXAS NEWS
Accused drug dealer linked to child's death
Marine dog with cancer gets teary farewell
Texas executes woman's killer in 2004 attack
Woman accused of posting revenge porn








Air hostess uses phone app to lose 84 pounds
Texas man loses 200 pounds to fulfill dream
Former body builder shares powerful post








Traffic rules you probably don't obey
Houston traffic is not the worst in U.S.
Should there be a Woodlands Loop?








Meet the Miss Teen USA contestants for 2017
Sports Illustrated debuts swimwear for 'all types'
Check out the celebs that were recently in Houston



 

 

 




 



























Most Read






1

Astros' Jeff Bagwell deal among baseball's all-time most...



2

National Oilwell Varco cuts 1,500 jobs, narrows losses



3

Jury sees video of defendant stumbling at strip club before...



4

Teacher who cartwheeled without underwear given probation



5

McDonald's employee fired after he shares disgusting photos of...



6

White House tensions flare in the open as Scaramucci rips...



7

FBI: Utah man says he killed wife because she laughed at him



8

S.A. woman accused of posting revenge porn after break up



9

Bellaire builder accused of faking inspection report, a felony



10

New TV station, KVQT-TV, with shows exclusively about Texas...












Get News Sent to You
 


Choose from our most popular newsletters below. Or, visit www.chron.com/newsletters to see more options.









Breaking News





Morning News Update





Bayou City Buzz (evening)





Preview: Weekly Houston Entertainment Guide

E-mail: 





 















Happening Now
 



Local gas company posts big losses, plans to sell
Astros deal among all-time most lopsided trades
Houston-based oil giant cuts 1,500 jobs
Strip club video emerges in wreck that killed officer

 

 




 










 



 View Comments 



© 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc.



 

 












 


















Receivable Acquisition & Management Corporation - NEW YORK, NY - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



NEW YORK



Management Services



Management Services



                            Receivable Acquisition & Management Corporation
                                    



 





















R 


Receivable Acquisition & Management Corporation
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



140 BROADWAY FL 46 NEW YORK, NY 10005
Get Directions



(212) 858-7590





Business Info



 Founded 2008
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $120,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Management Services
 Contacts Max Khan







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Receivable Acquisition & Management Corporation was founded in 2008, and is located at 140 Broadway Fl 46 in New York. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







R

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















            Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp - Brooklyn 11235 (Kings County), 135 Irwin Street



































































                    Company directory and business data solutions



About Kompass







                                        Register






                                        Login







                                                    Login
×



                                                    Please fill in your login and password







Register
Login


Forgot your password ?


























								English

























Contact Kompass North America
Please contact one of our team of experts from Monday to Friday between 9am and 5pm or by email




+1 609 785 5986





Contact us











                    Search across 10.5 million selected companies  in more than  60 countries.

















or




all
suppliers
one company











Rechercher















                                    Data Access



Business solutions 
Sales leads? Online promotion?


EasyBusiness
EasyList


                        Free Guide - B2B Prospecting Success




                        KompassPublicTenders




                        Credit Card Payment 




                        Webinar



                                   Digital solutions
Booster
Promotional solutions
Register your company




See all business solutions

Videos & Tutorials

Quizz




EasyBusiness
Find the right sales leads!

                                With more than 10.5 million companies and 60 search criteria, our global B2B database, EasyBusiness, will help you find the right customer leads and marketing lists.
Find out more >


EasyList
Need help with finding prospects?
EasyList is our straightforward on demand tool designed to help you build personalised company lists from a global database of 9 million companies.
Find out more


Register your company
Build your free company profile!
If you are looking to expand into new markets or want to grow your sales activity, then register your company free of charge on the global Kompass B2B directory.
Find out more >


Booster
Engage your target audience!
Engage your target audience and attract new business leads using the Kompass.com our global online digital directory. With over 6m visitors per month from 69 countries worldwide, let us improve your SEO and increase your customer traffic.
Find out more >


Promotional solutions
Attract relevant enquiries!
Build, enhance and manage your company profile to attract visitors instantly. Use our PPC experts to help drive relevant enquiries through to your profile – cost effective, managed and GUARANTEED.
Find out more >


Free Guide
B2B Prospecting Success
Best Strategy To Find Targeted Leads And Drive Great Sales Results
 


PublicTenders
PublicTenders
Public Tenders
 


Payment Portal
Payment Portal
Credit Card Payment Portal
 


Webinar: Skyrocketing your Government Contracting
Public Tenders Webinar
Learn about the value of selling to the US Government, key market challenges, and how to find and respond to opportunities throughout the USA - Plus get three months free access to the database!
 

















New York






Kings County




                                              Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp





x


Every month we have millions of visitors on Kompass, looking for companies like yours. Register your company on Kompass and build your FREE company profile to attract those visitors.


Register


Login


Login








                        Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp





                                            135 Irwin Street 

                                    Brooklyn NY 11235
United States







     Need to contact this company?




Call
Click to see their phone number








Call
Click to see their phone number















---




						Service 
						
						+ call price





* This phone number available for 3 min is not the recipient's number but a number from a service which will put you through to that person.
				This service is produced by Kompass. 
                					Why this number ?
















Service & free calls*






* This number, only available 3 minutes, is not your correspondant's number but the number of a service putting you through to that person.
This service is produced by Kompass. 
									Why this number ?










All the lines are busy at the moment, please try again in a moment.













                                    View map location




Purchase online company lists of companies

Create your prospect list >











                        Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp
×













                        Addresses of : Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp

×

























                            Description



                            Key figures



                                    Executives



                                    Activities











Description
Key figures
Executives
Activities







						Company Summary

Receivable Acquisition & Management Corporation, formerly known as Feminique Corporation, is in the business of acquiring and collecting portfolios of performing, sub-performing and non-performing consumer and commercial receivables. These portfolios cons




					General Information




									Year established




                                Type of company

							 Head Office







Key figures



            Employees










                        Company

                        0-9 Employees






                Turnover




                                                2006 
500 000 to 1 million USD







Executives



			Executive information


 

Download the executives list











												Jonathan  Rosen



										President










												J. G.
											



										Secretary









Activities



                Activities


 Producer
 Distributor
 Service provider



 Honey products

 Propolis



Barbiturates, sulphonamides, glycosides, alkaloids and antibiotics

Carbohydrates, proteins and enzymes

 Coenzyme Q10



 Pharmaceutical preparations for the central and autonomic nervous system and anaesthetics

 Anaesthetics, basal

 Anaesthetics, inhalation

 Anaesthetics, intravenous (IV)

 Anaesthetics, spinal

 Anaesthetics, local

 Anaesthetic ether

 Anaesthetic chloroform

 Analeptics

 Analgesics

 Anti-Alzheimer agents

 Anticholinergics

 Anticonvulsants

 Anti-epileptics

 Anti-inflammatory preparations/anti-phlogistics

 Anti-inflammatories, non-steroidal

 Anti-neuralgics

 Anti-Parkinson agents

 Antipyretics

 Anti-arthritics

 Anti-rheumatic preparations

 Hematoporphyrin and preparations

 Stimulants and anti-depressive agents for the central nervous system

 Hypnotics, opiates

 Sedatives and tranquillisers

 Psychotropic products

 Muscle relaxants and their antagonists

 Phenylisopropylamine and salts (amphetamine)

 Sympatholytics

 Parasympathomimetics

 Sympathomimetics

 Calcium antagonists

 Neurological preparations



 Pharmaceutical preparations for the cardiovascular system

 Blood coagulants and haemostatics

 Anticoagulants for blood

 Antithrombins

 Blood decompressants

 Haemopoietics

 Cardioaccelerators

 Cardioregulators, pharmaceutical

 Cardiovascular products

 Cardiotonics

 Anti-arrhythmic preparations

 Angiotonics

 Coronary vasodilators

 Peripheral vasodilators

 Anti-varicose preparations

 Hypertensive agents

 Hypotensive agents



 Pharmaceutical preparations for ear, nose and throat (ENT) and dentistry

 Aural preparations

 Oropharyngeal preparations

 Nasopharyngeal preparations

 Nasal creams

 Nasal sprays

 Throat sprays

 Mouthwashes and throat washes, pharmaceutical

 Dental preparations



 Pharmaceutical preparations for ophthalmology

 Eye ointments

 Eye-drops, collyriums, pharmaceutical

 Ophthalmic preparations, mydriatic

 Eyewashes, pharmaceutical

 Steroid preparations for ophthalmic use

 Ophthalmic preparations NES



 Pharmaceutical preparations for metabolism, nutrition, alimentary systems

 Anti-dismetabolics

 Anti-obesity preparations, anorectics

 Anti-anaemics

 Bile and bile salt preparations

 Cholesterol reducing agents

 Appetite stimulants

 Foods and nutrients

 Herbal extracts, dietary

 Eutrophics

 Pharmaceutical preparations for metabolism NES

 Anti-diabetic pharmaceuticals

 Anabolic agents

 Ferritin

 Iron preparations, medical



 Pharmaceutical preparations for dermatology

 Dermatological fungicides and keratolytics

 Dermatological ointments and shampoos

 Dermatological sedatives, local

 Keratolytics

 Dermatological stimulants

 Antipruritics

 Calamine lotion

 Creams, nappy rash prevention

 Anti-acne preparations

 Steroid preparations for dermatological use

 Antipsoriatics

 Anti-burn preparations

 Creams, chilblain prevention

 Lip balm, lipsalve, medicated

 Wart removing preparations

 Corn removing preparations



 Pharmaceutical preparations for urology, gynaecology and obstetrics

 Contraceptive agents, chemical

 Galactagogues, galactophores

 Milk secretion stimulants, pharmaceutical

 Emmenagogues

 Vaginal preparations NES

 Pharmaceuticals, gynaecological and obstetrical, NES

 Diuretics, anti-diuretics

 Anti-enuretics

 Anti-urics

 Uricosuric agents

 Pharmaceuticals for urinary tract disorders NES

 Pharmaceuticals for renal disorders

 Anti-prostatics

 Erectile dysfunction drugs



 Pharmaceutical preparations for pneumology

 Catarrh preparations

 Cough syrups

 Respiratory stimulants

 Asthma preparations

 Cigarettes, medical, for asthmatics

 Bronchodilators



Chemotherapeutic preparations

 Gastroenterology and hepatology preparations

 Antacids and preparations for gastric ulcers

 Anti-diarrhoeal preparations

 Carminatives

 Cholagogues, choleretics, hepatoprotectors

 Hepatic products

 Laxatives and purgatives

 Laxatives, fig based

 Digestives (eupeptics), stomachics

 Emetics

 Anti-emetics and anti-nauseants

 Enema fluids

 Anti-lithiasis products

 Omeprazole

 Pharmaceuticals for gastrointestinal disorders NES



Immunological preparations

 Antiseptics and antibacterial preparations

 Skin and wound disinfectants

 Surgical spirit



 Pharmaceutical preparations NES

 Biopharmaceuticals

 Pharmaceutical preparations, vegetable based

 Pharmaceutical preparations, generic

 Radiopharmaceutical products

 Electrode creams and gels

 Diaphoretics

 Anti-allergic preparations and antihistamines

 Anhidrotics

 Allergens for diagnostic and desensitisation purposes

 Diagnostic kits, medical, biochemical

 Diagnostic aids and tests NES

 Surgical glue

 Haemostatic sponges, collagen

 Oils and liquid paraffin for pharmaceuticals

 Fish oils and fish oil extracts for medical use

 Colourants, edible, for pharmaceuticals

 Flavourings for pharmaceuticals

 Emulsifying agents for pharmaceuticals

 Solvents for pharmaceuticals

 Balsams, natural and synthetic, for pharmaceuticals

 Petrolatum/petroleum jelly, Vaseline for pharmaceuticals

 Pharmaceutical excipients

 Electrolytes, intravenous (IV) application

 Plasma substitutes

 Dialysis fluids

 Ointment bases for pharmaceuticals

 Coal tar bases, antiseptic and disinfectant

 Glucose solution, pharmaceutical

 Infusion solutions, subcutaneous and intravenous (IV)

 Solutions for haemodialysis

 Capsules, gelatine, for pharmaceuticals

 Capsules, soft, vegetable starch based, for pharmaceuticals

 Collodions for pharmaceutical use

 Sequestering agents for pharmaceuticals

 Microcrystalline cellulose for pharmaceuticals

 Cinchophen

 Guaiaphenesin

 Chondroitin sulphate

 Capsules, methylcellulose, for pharmaceuticals

 Plasters, medical, liquid

 Medicinal pastilles and lozenges

 Emulsions, pharmaceutical

 Oils, medicated

 Powders, medicated

 Tablets, effervescent, pharmaceutical, to customer specification



 Parapharmaceutical preparations

 Cough preparations, parapharmaceutical

 Inhalants, parapharmaceutical

 Blood tonics, parapharmaceutical

 Nerve tonics, parapharmaceutical

 Melissa cordials

 Tonic preparations for sportsmen

 Depuratives, parapharmaceutical

 Cod liver oil and halibut oil preparations

 Salt tablets, medicinal

 Nicotine replacement therapy products

 Anti-travel sickness tablets

 Haemorrhoidal preparations

 Slimming preparations, parapharmaceutical

 Cicatrizants

 Liniments, embrocations

 Emollients, parapharmaceutical

 Medicated pencils or sticks

 Insect repellents, parapharmaceutical

 Insect-bite lotions

 Jellyfish repellents, parapharmaceutical

 Tinctures, pharmaceutical

 Poultices

 Mud bath preparations

 Earplugs, wax

 Solvents, adhesive plaster removing

 Solutions, contact lens cleaning

 Shark cartilage products, parapharmaceutical

 Dietary supplements, mineral or vitamin based

 Parapharmaceutical products, Dead Sea minerals based

 Aromatherapy preparations

 Herb or grain filled cushions

 Herbal preparations, medicinal herbs and infusions

 Homeopathic preparations

 Emu oil products, parapharmaceutical



Pharmaceutical veterinary preparations

 Gynaecological and obstetrical equipment

 Test kits, pregnancy



Textile articles for medical and surgical use

Bath and shower products

Face care products

Oral and dental care products

Hair care products

Shaving and hair removal products

Patent and trade mark agents

 Patent assignment or licensing to third parties, consultants



Finance houses

Holding companies and groups of companies







                Other classifications (for some countries)



SIC (US 1987) : 
Short-term business credit institutions, except agricultural (6153)
NAICS (US 2012) : 
All Other Nondepository Credit Intermediation (522298)










You might also like



















     Contact

            Receivable Acquisition & Management Corp





Call
Click to see their phone number








Call
Click to see their phone number















---




						Service 
						
						+ call price





* This phone number available for 3 min is not the recipient's number but a number from a service which will put you through to that person.
				This service is produced by Kompass. 
                					Why this number ?
















Service & free calls*






* This number, only available 3 minutes, is not your correspondant's number but the number of a service putting you through to that person.
This service is produced by Kompass. 
									Why this number ?










All the lines are busy at the moment, please try again in a moment.











You might also like:












New York Health Care Inc


                                                         
                                                        Brooklyn
Pharmaceutical preparations for the central and autonomic nervous system and anaesthetics












Royal Supply Company


                                                         
                                                        Brooklyn
Pharmaceutical preparations for the central and autonomic nervous system and anaesthetics
















Glyconix Corp


                                                         
                                                        New York
Pharmaceutical preparations for the central and autonomic nervous system and anaesthetics












Brooklyn Tailors


                                                         
                                                        Brooklyn
Pharmaceutical preparations for the central and autonomic nervous system and anaesthetics
















Southwest Technologies


                                                         
                                                        Kansas City
Pharmaceutical preparations for the central and autonomic nervous system and anaesthetics












Bay Ridge Specialty Phrm ...


                                                         
                                                        BROOKLYN
Pharmaceutical preparations for the central and autonomic nervous system and anaesthetics
















Dynamic Health Laboratori...


                                                         
                                                        Brooklyn
Pharmaceutical preparations for the central and autonomic nervous system and anaesthetics












Antigen Laboratories Inc


                                                         
                                                        Liberty
Pharmaceutical preparations for the central and autonomic nervous system and anaesthetics
















Surfaces, Inc.


                                                         
                                                        Greenwood
Pharmaceutical preparations for the central and autonomic nervous system and anaesthetics












Highland Laboratories Inc


                                                         
                                                        Mount Angel
Pharmaceutical preparations for the central and autonomic nervous system and anaesthetics
















Three Vee Food & Syrup Pr...


                                                         
                                                        Brooklyn
Pharmaceutical preparations for the central and autonomic nervous system and anaesthetics












Capri Optics Inc Capri


                                                         
                                                        Brooklyn
Medical equipment and instruments
















Team Adaptive Medical


                                                         
                                                        Biloxi
Surgical equipment and instruments












Doctor Down Inc


                                                         
                                                        Polson
Surgical equipment and instruments
















Red Steer Glove Co


                                                         
                                                        Salem
Surgical equipment and instruments












Wilcox, Daniel K, MD


                                                         
                                                        Petoskey
Hospitals and clinics
















Avex Medical Arts Complex


                                                         
                                                        Brooklyn
Hospitals and clinics












Hecht's, Perri Speech & A...


                                                         
                                                        Brooklyn
Hospitals and clinics
















Community Care Organizati...


                                                         
                                                        Brooklyn
Health services, specialised












Town Nursing


                                                         
                                                        Brooklyn
Health services, specialised







 
 




Our business solutions









With Kompass :




                            Global presence in more than 60 countries





                            Detailed and up to date company information





                            Comprehensive and filtered company directory


















				                Frequent updates ensuring high quality data






                                    Secure online payment






                                Help with expert advice






    	            			Dedicated customer service team













Contact Kompass North America




Contact us

























































Receivable Acquisition  Management Corp 10-q - Form 10 Q Quarterly Report - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   >      > RECEIVABLE ACQUISITION  MANAGEMENT CORP 10-Q

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Receivable Acquisition  Management Corp 10-q
Form 10 Q Quarterly Report



You are currently viewing:
 This  involves RECEIVABLE ACQUISITION  MANAGEMENT CORP. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: RECEIVABLE ACQUISITION  MANAGEMENT CORP 10-Q Date: 11/14/2016 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day










    UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

 

FORM
10-Q

 

(Mark
One)

[X]
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

 

For the
quarterly period ended September 30, 2016

 

or

 

[  ]
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

 

For the
transition period from ______________ to ______________

 

Commission
File Number: 001-09370

  

RECEIVABLE
ACQUISITION & MANAGEMENT CORPORATION

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in the Charter)

 




 



 



 





Delaware



 



13-3186327





(State or
Other Jurisdiction of

Incorporation
or Organization)



 



(I.R.S.
Employer Identification No.)





 



 



 





60 E.
42nd Street, 46th Floor



 



 





New York,
NY



 



10165





(Address
of Principal Executive Offices)



 



(Zip
Code)




 

(212)
796-4097

(Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code)

 

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. Yes [X]  No [  ]

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post
such files). Yes [X]  No [  ]

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See definitions of “large accelerated
filer”, “accelerated filer” and “smaller
reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act.

 





 



 





Large
accelerated filer [  ]



Accelerated
filer [  ]





Non-accelerated
filer [  ] (Do not check if a smaller reporting
company)



Smaller
reporting company [X]




 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Act):  Yes [  ]  No
[X]

 

As of
November 14, 2016, there were 200,739,432 shares of the
issuer’s common stock outstanding.




  

 

TABLE OF
CONTENTS

 

 




 



 





PART I -
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



3





Item 1. Financial
Statements



3





Item 2. Management’s Discussion &
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations.



4





Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk.



6





Item 4. Controls and
Procedures.



6





PART II -
OTHER INFORMATION



8





Item
1. Legal Proceedings



8





Item
1A. Risk Factors.



8





Item 2. Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds



8





Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior
Securities



8





Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosure



8





Item
5. Other Information



8





Item 6. Exhibits



8





SIGNATURES



9




 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




2

 

  

  

 

PART I -
FINANCIAL INFORMATION

    

Item 1.
Financial Statements

 

 

Receivable
Acquisition and Management Corporation

 

Financial
Statements

For the
Nine Months Ended

September
30, 2016

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 




3

 

  

  

Receivable
Acquisition and Management Corporation

 

Balance
Sheet

 

 




 



 



 



 



 



 





 



September
30,

2016



 



December
31,

2015





 



(unaudited)



 



 





ASSETS



 



 



 



 



 





  Cash



$



38,282



 



$



119,167





  Accounts
receivable



 



337,881



 



 



320,937





  Prepaid
expenses and deposits



 



63,781



 



 



57,943





    Total
Current Assets



 



439,944



 



 



498,047





 



 



 



 



 



 





  Intangible
asset - license agreement



 



21,409



 



 



217,709





 



 



 



 



 



 





  Fixed
asset - engines, net of accumulated depreciation



 



14,812



 



 



17,986





 



 



 



 



 



 





Total
Assets



$



476,165



 



$



733,742





 



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



 



 



 



 





LIABILITIES
AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY



 



 



 



 



 





  Accounts
payable and accrued expenses



$



376,829



 



$



430,719





  Due
to Licensor



 



0



 



 



187,000





Total
Liabilities



 



376,829



 



 



617,719





 



 



 



 



 



 





  Common
stock, $0.001 par value: 325,000,000 shares

    authorized;
200,739,432 shares issued and outstanding

    at
September 30, 2016



 



200,739



 



 



200,512





  Additional
paid-in capital



 



311,147



 



 



306,374





  Retained
earnings (deficit)



 



(412,550)



 



 



(390,862)





    Total
Stockholders’ Equity



 



99,336



 



 



116,024





 



 



 



 



 



 





Total
Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity



$



476,165



 



$



733,742




 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

See notes
to financial statements




F-1

 

  

  

Receivable
Acquisition and Management Corporation

 

Statement
of Operations

(Unaudited)

 

 




 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



Three
Months Ended

September
30



 



Nine
Months Ended

September
30





 



 



2016



 



2015



 



2016



 



2015





INCOME



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Project
Management



 



$



240,812



 



$



316,444



 



$



714,844



 



$



874,581





Other



 



 



-



 



 



-



 



 



-



 



 



-





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Total
Income



 



 



240,812



 



 



316,444



 



 



714,844



 



 



874,581





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





EXPENSES



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Consulting
fees



 



 



194,050



 



 



261,428



 



 



558,165



 



 



718,599





General
and Administrative



 



 



32,782



 



 



55,746



 



 



114,387



 



 



120,614





Legal and
other professional  fees



 



 



22,703



 



 



23,512



 



 



63,980



 



 



60,645





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Total
Expenses



 



 



249,534



 



 



340,687



 



 



736,532



 



 



899,857





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Net Income
(Loss)



 



$



(8,722)



 



$



(24,243)



 



$



(21,688)



 



$



(25,276)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Net Income
(Loss) per

Common
Share



 



$



(0.00)



 



$



(0.00)



 



$



(0.00)



 



$



(0.00)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Weighted
Average Common

Shares
Outstanding



 



 



200,544,414



 



 



200,430,637



 



 



200,566,272



 



 



199,964,915




 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

See notes
to financial statements




F-2

 

  

  

Receivable
Acquisition and Management Corporation

 

Statement
of Stockholders’ Equity

For the
Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016

(Unaudited)

 

 




 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



Common
Stock



 



Additional



 



Retained



 



Total





 



 



Number
of

Shares



 



Amount



 



Paid-in

Capital



 



Earnings

(Deficit)



 



Stockholders’

Equity





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Balance,
December 31, 2015



 



200,512,159



$



200,512



$



306,374



$



(390,862)



$



116,024





Shares
issued



 



227,273



 



227



 



4,773



 



-



 



5,000





Net Income
(Loss)



 



-



 



-



 



-



 



(21,688)



 



(21,688)





Balance,
September 30, 2016



 



200,739,432



$



200,739



$



311,147



$



(412,550)



$



99,336




 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

See notes
to financial statements




F-3

 

  

  

Receivable
Acquisition and Management Corporation

 

Statement
of Cash Flows

(Unaudited)

 

 




 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



Nine
Months Ended

September
30





 



 



2016



 



2015





 



 



 



 



 



 



 





NET INCOME
(LOSS)



 



$



(21,688)



 



$



(25,276)





  Adjustments
to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash

    provided
(used) by operating activities



 



 



 



 



 



 





     Shares
issued for legal and consulting services



 



 



-



 



 



-





     Depreciation
and amortization



 



 



13,487



 



 



11,416





   Changes
in Assets and Liabilities



 



 



 



 



 



 





     Accounts
receivable



 



 



(16,994)



 



 



73,250





     Accounts
payable and accrued expenses



 



 



(53,890)



 



 



3,907





     Prepaid
expenses and deposits



 



 



(6,850)



 



 



(19,028)





       Total
Adjustments



 



 



(64,198)



 



 



57,044





 



 



 



 



 



 



 





       Net
Cash Provided (Used) by Operating Activities



 



 



(85,885)



 



 



44,268





 



 



 



 



 



 



 





CASH FLOWS
FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES



 



 



 



 



 



 





     Common
stock issued/member capital contributions



 



 



5,000



 



 



17,500





        Net
Cash Provided (Used) by Financing Activities



 



 



5,000



 



 



17,500





 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Net
increase (decrease) in cash



 



 



(80,885)



 



 



61,768





 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Cash,
beginning of period



 



 



119,167



 



 



49,169





 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Cash, end
of period



 



$



38,282



 



$



110,937





 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Non Cash
Investing and Financing Activity



 



 



 



 



 



 





     Shares
Issued for purchase of engines



 



 



-



 



 



21,160





     Shares
Issued for rental space



 



 



-



 



 



12,500




 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

See notes
to financial statements




F-4

 

  

Receivable
Acquisition and Management Corporation

  

Notes to
Financial Statements

September
30, 2016

(Unaudited)

 

1.
Organization and Nature of Business

 

Receivable
Acquisition and Management Corporation (the “Company”
or “RAMCO”), a public reporting entity, was in the
business to purchase, manage and collect defaulted consumer
receivables. RAMCO ceased investments in distressed consumer credit
portfolios in September 2007 and subsequently ran off existing
portfolios.

 

Sustainable
Energy LLC (“Sustainable LLC”) is a New York limited
liability company formed on July 26, 2010. Sustainable LLC is
involved in developing and improving the efficiency of energy
infrastructure using a combination of traditional and advanced
technologies. On March 29, 2013, Sustainable LLC contributed
certain assets and liabilities into a newly formed entity,
Sustainable Energy Industries, Inc. (“Sustainable”). At
the time, Sustainable LLC had a license agreement with a third
party involving manufacturing and licensing, and limited assets,
liabilities and operations.

 

Cornerstone
Program Advisors LLC, (“Cornerstone”) is a Delaware
limited liability company formed on January 5, 2009. Cornerstone is
an energy infrastructure project management company focused on
healthcare and higher learning institutions.

 

As a
result of a reverse merger acquisition between the Company,
Cornerstone, and Sustainable during 2013, the Company adopted a
business plan to build on the businesses of Cornerstone and
Sustainable in energy infrastructure and alternative
energy.

 

The
Company currently does business as Cornerstone Sustainable
Energy.

 

2.
Significant Accounting Policies

 

Basis of
Presentation and Use of Estimates

 

The
Company prepares its financial statements in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America which requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the
date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Some of the more
significant estimates required to be made by management include
recognition of income for work completed and unbilled to customers,
the allowance for doubtful accounts, and the valuation of the
License Agreement.  Actual results could differ from those
estimates.

 

The
Company believes that funds generated from operations, together
with existing cash and cash infusions by major stockholders, will
be sufficient to finance its operations for the next twelve months,
but are likely to be insufficient to fund its contractual
obligations and to fund growth.  The Company expects to seek
additional capital to cover any working capital needs and its
contractual obligations, and to fund growth initiatives in its
identified markets.  However, there can be no assurance that
any new debt or equity financing arrangement will be available to
the Company when needed on acceptable terms, if at all.  The
continued operations of the Company are dependent on its ability to
raise funds, collect accounts receivable, and receive
revenues.

 

Unaudited
Financial Statements

 

The
accompanying unaudited financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles for
financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q. They
do not include all information and footnotes required by United
States generally accepted accounting principles for complete
financial statements. The unaudited financial statements should be
read in conjunction with those financial statements included in the
Company’s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.
 In the opinion of Management, all adjustments considered
necessary for a fair presentation, consisting solely of normal
recurring adjustments, have been made. Operating results for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily
indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending
December 31, 2016.




F-5

 

  

Receivable
Acquisition and Management Corporation

 

Notes to
Financial Statements

September
30, 2016

(Unaudited)

 

Cash

 

The
Company continually monitors its positions with, and the credit
quality of, the financial institutions it invests with. From time
to time, however briefly, the Company maintains balances in
operating accounts in excess of federally insured
limits.

 

Accounts
Receivable

 

Receivables
are stated at the amount management expects to collect from
outstanding balances. Management provides for probable
uncollectible amounts through a charge to earnings and a credit to
a valuation allowance based on its assessment of the current status
of individual accounts. At September 30, 2016, no allowance for
doubtful accounts has been provided.

 

Income
Recognition

 

The
Company recognizes income for the sale of services and products
when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, services have
been rendered or delivery has occurred, the fee is fixed or
determinable and the collectability of the related income is
reasonably assured.

 

The
Company principally derives income from fees for services generated
on a project-by-project basis. Prior to the commencement of a
project, the Company reaches agreement with the client on rates for
services based upon the scope of the project, staffing requirements
and the level of client involvement. It is the Company’s
policy to obtain written agreements from new clients prior to
performing services. In these agreements, the clients acknowledge
that they will pay based upon the amount of time spent on the
project or an agreed upon fee structure. Income for services
rendered is recognized on a time and materials basis or on a
fixed-fee or capped-fee basis in accordance with accounting and
disclosure requirements for income recognition.

 

Fees for
services that have been performed, but for which the Company has
not invoiced the customers are recorded as unbilled
receivables.

 

Income for
time and materials contracts are recognized based on the number of
hours worked by the Company’s subcontractors at an agreed
upon rate per hour, and are recognized in the period in which
services are performed. Income for time and materials contracts is
billed monthly or in accordance with the specific contractual terms
of each project.

 

Fixed
Assets

 

Fixed
assets are being depreciated on the straight line basis over a
period of five years.

 

License
Agreement

 

The cost
of the license agreement (see Note 4) is being amortized on a
straight-line basis over 20 years. The license agreement is tested
annually for impairment or earlier if an indication of impairment
exists.  The Company believes that the license agreement has
not been impaired.

 

Income
Taxes

 

The
Company recognizes the tax benefits of uncertain tax positions only
where the position is “more likely than not” to be
sustained assuming examination by the tax authorities. Management
has analyzed the Company’s tax positions, and has concluded
that no liability for unrecognized tax benefits should be recorded
related to uncertain tax positions taken on returns filed for open
tax years (2012 - 2015).

 




F-6

 

  

Receivable
Acquisition and Management Corporation

 

Notes to
Financial Statements

September
30, 2016

(Unaudited)

 

Basic and
Diluted Net Income (Loss) per Share

 

The
Company computes income (loss) per share in accordance with
“ASC-260”, “Earnings per Share” which
requires presentation of both basic and diluted income (loss) per
share on the face of the statement of operations. Basic income
(loss) per share is computed by dividing net income available to
common shareholders by the weighted average number of outstanding
common shares during the period. Diluted income (loss) per share
gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding
during the period. Dilutive income (loss) per share excludes all
potential common shares if their effect is
anti-dilutive.

 

The
Company has no potential dilutive instruments and accordingly basic
income (loss) and diluted income per share are the same.

 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

 

In May
2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued
Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09: “Revenue from
Contracts with Customers” (Topic 606) (“ASU
2014-09”). ASU 2014-09 is a comprehensive new revenue
recognition model requiring a company to recognize revenue to
depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount
reflecting the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for
those goods or services. In adopting ASU 2014-09, companies may use
either a full retrospective or a modified retrospective approach.
ASU 2014-09 is effective for the first interim period within annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and early
adoption is not permitted. The Company will adopt ASU 2014-09
during the first quarter of fiscal 2018. Management is evaluating
the provisions of this statement and has not determined what impact
the adoption of ASU 2014-09 will have on the Company's financial
position or results of operations.

 

In August
2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15:
“Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic
205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity’s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern” (“ASU
2014-15”). In connection with preparing financial statements
for each annual and interim reporting period, an entity’s
management should evaluate whether there are conditions or events,
considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the
entity’s ability to continue as a going concern within one
year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or
within one year after the date that the financial statements are
available to be issued when applicable). Management’s
evaluation should be based on relevant conditions and events that
are known and reasonably knowable at the date that the financial
statements are issued (or at the date that the financial statements
are available to be issued when applicable). Substantial doubt
about an entity’s ability to continue as a going concern
exists when relevant conditions and events, considered in the
aggregate, indicate that it is probable that the entity will be
unable to meet its obligations as they become due within one year
after the date that the financial statements are issued (or
available to be issued). The term probable is used consistently
with its use in Topic 450, Contingencies. The amendments in this
Update are effective for the annual period ending after December
15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter.
Early application is permitted.

 

All other
accounting standards that have been issued or proposed by the FASB
that do not require adoption until a future date are not expected
to have a material impact on the financial statements upon
adoption.

 

3. Related
Party Transactions

 

Consulting
Fees

 

Certain
stockholders of the Company and entities affiliated with management
perform services to customers and were compensated at various
rates. Total consulting expenses incurred by these entities
amounted to $413,457 and $547,371 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  Amounts payable to
these stockholders and entities at September 30, 2016 and 2015
totaled $218,806 and $224,187, respectively.

 




F-7

 

  

Receivable
Acquisition and Management Corporation

 

Notes to
Financial Statements

September
30, 2016

(Unaudited)

 

4. License
Agreement

 

On
November 15, 2012, Sustainable LLC entered into a renewable 20-year
engine technology license agreement (the “Technology
Agreement”) with a third party licensor (the
“Licensor”) that developed engines capable of
converting low grade heat into other forms of energy.  Under
the terms of the Technology Agreement, Sustainable LLC obtained
certain exclusive license rights in the engines developed by the
Licensor which would permit Sustainable LLC to develop, manufacture
and integrate such engines into its projects.

 

The
exclusive market rights of the Technology Agreement provide that
Sustainable LLC make a cash payment of $200,000 for this
exclusivity and issue common stock in Sustainable representing a
small minority ownership position in the Company, along with
periodic quarterly payments of $25,000 commencing six months after
the initial $200,000 payment.  These payments reset to $50,000
per quarter after three payments, and are subject to further resets
to up to $100,000 depending on engine sales volume.
 

 

On May 15,
2013, in connection with the Merger (see Note 1), the Company,
after acquiring 100% ownership interest in Sustainable, issued
2,435,430 shares to the Licensor which represents a small minority
position in the Company as required under the terms of the
Technology Agreement.  At the time of issuance, these shares
were valued at $48,709 representing the fair value of the RAMCO
shares.

 

In
addition, during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, the
Company made payments of $13,000 that were applied against the
required initial $200,000 cash payment as stated under the terms of
the Technology Agreement.

 

At
September 30, 2016, the Technology Agreement had accumulated
amortization of $40,300.  

 

In the
event the Company elects not to pay for exclusivity under the
Technology Agreement, no cash payment or periodic increasing
payments are due. At September 30, 2016, management has considered
the nature of the $187,000 exclusive payment and determined that a
more accurate presentation on the balance sheet is to net the
contingent liability with the license agreement asset. Thus the
contingent amount due, $187,000, has been netted against the
amortized value of the value of the license, $208,409, arriving at
a net asset value of $21,409. The comparative 2015 presentation
continues to reflect the asset and contingent liability on a gross
basis.

 

In
connection with a November 5, 2013, proceeding commenced by the
Securities Division of the Arizona Corporation Commission (the
“ACC”) the Company learned that the Licensor had been
classified as


 








 












