
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


    Jonathan Kreindler | Receptiviti Inc | ZoomInfo.com










 








Receptiviti.ai - Enabling AI platforms with emotional intelligence.






































































































Enabling AI platforms with emotional intelligenceUnderstand anyone's cognitive state, personality and emotions by analyzing their language. In real-time. Try our app or analyze the world with our API.Try it outWe analyzed 505 words from Kayne West to generate his personality profile Psychology InsightsKayne WestIntense drive, impulsiveand disagreeable.We analyzed 703 words from Oprah Winfrey to generate her personality profile Psychology InsightsOprah WinfreyAttentive, compelling with an intuitive sense of persuasion, and good at creating rapport with others.We analyzed 486 words from Mother Theresa to generate her personality profile Psychology InsightsMother TheresaConforming, values traditions,respectful, modest.We analyzed 682 words from Barak Obama to generate his personality profile Thinking StyleBarack ObamaFormal, logical,and hierarchical thinker.We analyzed Taylor Swift’s Twitter followers and clustered them by personality Audience AnalysisTaylor Swift's 53M Twitter followersWe analyzed Taylor Swift’s followers: 67% health and body oriented24% financially aware and negative9% carefree, sexually expressive gossipers 








 Psychology InsightsAnalyze text from a person to generate insights about their character and emotions. Try it out Thinking StyleAnalyze text from a person to learn about how they think and make decisions.Try it out 
 Authenticity InsightsAnalyze text from a person to assess how genuine or deceptive they are. Try it out Relationship Quality Coming soonMeasure relationship strength between two or more people, rapport between sales and customers, team dynamics, and more. 
The Receptiviti Partner EcosystemWe make our technology and resources easily accessible for developers, startups and large technology companies:AI and BotsMarketing and EngagementSales and Customer CareFintech, Banking and LendingPeople AnalyticsRetail and E-commerce







AI and Bots
Receptiviti enables bot makers and AI technologists to empower their platforms with emotional intelligence so they can discriminate between their users’ feelings, emotions and thinking styles, and use these insights to guide actions, communication styles and build stronger relationships and user dependencies. Learn moreRead the Zoom.ai case study










Marketing and Engagement
Segment and cluster Twitter followers, Facebook communities, customers and entire audiences by psychology, personality and decision-making styles. Engage them as individuals or in groups based on the way they think and how they make decisions.  Learn more










Sales and Customer Care
Receptiviti delivers customer psychology insights and specific recommendations to sales and call center reps so they can best communicate with each customer based on their unique psychology and decision-making style. Receptiviti also enables you to quantify rapport with customers, team members and accounts – all in real-time. Learn more










Fintech, Banking and Lending
Receptiviti provides financial services companies with trainable psychology-based predictive models that evaluate customer risk in real-time. We identify the markers that improve your ability to predict high-risk and low-risk customers whose behaviors impact bottom line profitability. Learn more










People analytics and data-driven HR
Receptiviti lets you evaluate candidates without psychometric surveys. Measure employee engagement and understand the quality of relationships among employees and teams. Receptiviti also helps you understand how psychology impacts employee turnover, accidents, fraud, customer retention and customer satisfaction. Learn more










Retail and E-commerce
Receptiviti helps sellers understand shoppers in-store and online, enabling them to make psychology-specific offers, recommendations and provide tailored shopping experiences. Learn more



 




















This site uses cookies:  Find out more.Okay, thanks 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Receptiviti Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:09 AM ET
Software

Company Overview of Receptiviti Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Receptiviti Inc. develops and offers a language based personality analytics software. The software analyzes tweets, mails, text messages, chat, transcriptions, voice, and other unstructured data in twelve languages and compares individuals, segment, and cluster groups to predict customer behavior and personality. The company was incorporated in 2014 and is based in Toronto, Canada.


32 Barclay RoadToronto, ON M3H 3E1CanadaFounded in 2014



Phone: 416-418-5645

www.receptiviti.com







Key Executives for Receptiviti Inc.




Mr. Jonathan Kreindler


      	Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer, and Director
      








Mr. Sharan Kota Karanth


      	Co-Founder and Chief Technology Officer
      








Mr. Pennebaker W. James


      	Co-Founder, Chief Scientist, and Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 101100725 SK Ltd. Americas 1QB Information Technologies Inc. Americas 1X, Inc. Americas 20-20 Technologies Inc. Americas 2020 IT Solutions Corp. Americas




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      September 27, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Receptiviti Inc., please visit www.receptiviti.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close








































api_recipes/CSV_Upload_samples.csv at master · Receptiviti/api_recipes · GitHub


































Skip to content

















This repository







Sign in
or
Sign up



















    Watch
  

    3
  




    Star
  

      7
    




        Fork
      

      9
    




Receptiviti/api_recipes








Permalink




Branch:
master





Switch branches/tags








Branches


Tags









                feature/versioning-for-api-523
              




                master
              


Nothing to show




Nothing to show






        Find file
      
Copy path


api_recipes/tests/python/CSV_Upload_samples.csv





          e4ca38c
        
Jun 8, 2016



abdulg
[#313] Restructured recipes project



1
         contributor
      


Users who have contributed to this file



abdulg








Raw
Blame
History












      395 lines (395 sloc)
      
    33.8 KB
  











person_handle
gender
name
person_tags
language_content
content_handle
content_source
content_date
content_tags





@some_twitter_user12
0
User One
tag1;tag2;
I think the reason, John, is because though health can't be bought, health care is a big business.
Thanks, John, and thanks for inviting me.
The motion that you've heard is "Obamacare is now beyond rescue.”
What you heard Dr. Gottlieb argue is not that it's beyond rescue, it's that he doesn't like a lot of the provisions of the law.
What we're here to discuss, it seems to me, is what has been in the proposed.
And the proposed was either Obamacare is now beyond rescue -- meaning it's not doing what it was supposed to do -- or
it is not beyond rescue, and therefore it is doing what it can do.
My partner, Jonathan Chait, and I will argue that not only is this law not beyond rescue, it doesn't need to be rescued because the law already has worked and is working.
And to understand whether it's working, we need to understand where we were before the law was passed and what the goals of the law were.
I'll cover that.
And Jonathan will also discuss the achievements of Obamacare.
But he'll focus on criticisms and dire predictions of which we've already heard many from the opponents of the law.
Speaking of the dire predictions, we'll come back to some of the ones we heard.
But there are a few, I think, that we'll have to deal with sooner rather than later.
Let me first turn to the question about Obamacare and what it does.
It's an insurance law, but of course it includes cost controls and quality improvements as well.
I want to focus on the insurance stuff, because the question occurs, why is health insurance important?
There are a lot of studies that show a lot of reasons for it.
Some include showing that kids who have healthcare insurance are less likely to miss their shots.
And if they don't have insurance, they're more likely to miss them.
Healthy adults without insurance tend not to get mammograms and other preventive services that they need.
People who have diseases such as diabetes and hypertension and they don't have insurance do poorly.
They tend to be more out of control, and if they have bad outcomes like strokes, they tend to be more severe.
But just as important in terms of outcomes besides health, people who have no insurance and have a serious health problem can be bankrupted by
it in this system that we had until very recently.
This led a group at the Institute of Medicine in a big report to say that a lack of health care insurance results in needless illness, needless suffering, and needless death.
Let's turn the clock back a little bit to 2008, 2009 when this law was being debated.
At that time, we had 40 to 45 million people uninsured.
We were spending two and a half trillion dollars a year on health and health care and growing, and we had some of the worst statistics for health outcomes in the developed world.
In addition, most of the insurance products that we saw at that time didn't have portability.
If you lost your job, you often lost your insurance.
You didn't have guaranteed issue, so if you had a preexisting condition and tried to get health insurance and you're not in a big group, forget about it.
And there were no national standards for insurance policies.
We were largely -- not exclusively, but we were largely in a fee for service
system with incentives really pushing towards more care, not better care, not the appropriate care, but the more you did, the more you got paid.
And so it was estimated at that time that unnecessary care could've been 10, even 20 percent of the money that was being spent.
And equally important were the projections -- and this is just now four years ago -- the projections of where we are going to be by 2018, which is just four years from now, if nothing had been done, over 60 million people uninsured at that point, health care spending going from
trillion to $4.7 trillion a year, family health care premiums going up from $13,000 to average 30,000 a year, Medicare trust fund runs out of money, and no change in that fee for service culture that pays for more medicine, more health care, and not necessarily better.
So in March 2010, which is now almost four years ago, we had this law signed, Obamacare, the Affordable Care Act, ACA, hugely complex, admittedly, admittedly imperfect law, but not just insurance
, quality improvement, cost reductions.
What are some of the things that have happened in the first three years of this law?
Young adults 26 and under now can get coverage on their parents' policies, and three million have.
Preexisting conditions not allowed to prevent coverage.
There's portability of insurance coverage, no lifetime caps, community rating, which means if you're in a small business, one person gets very sick or their family member does, it doesn't raise the rates for everybody.
No lifetime caps on coverage, lots of stuff, and in some ways very importantly, no copays, no deductibles for preventive care that's evidence based.
Also, cost related things, we're now paying hospitals for outcomes and not the services they deliver.
There are penalties for hospital readmissions when someone's discharged
and then readmitted to the hospital soon afterwards.
Something called accountable care organizations are getting paid for performance rather than piecework, and there are many experiments and demonstrations from part of the government now called the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation.
Importantly, cost reforms have slowed down cost dramatically.
That is, the increase per year is just an average of 1.1 percent in the past three years, 2010 to 2012.
So in summary, before this year, before anything that's been controversial in the news happened, there are already a lot of good things that are going on because of Obamacare.
Then we come to October 2013.
Everyone knows, what a disaster.
Okay?
People can't sign up.
The computer systems don't work.
The website's a mess.
There's lots of confusion.
Some provisions of the law were
postponed.
But even conceding that all this was a mess, let's look what's happened recently.
Six million enrollees, two million
in exchanges, 4.4 million in Medicaid -- we'll come back to Medicaid -- people up to 400 percent of the federal poverty levels are getting subsidies to help pay for insurance, and cost increases continue to moderate .
Let me conclude now by asking you to remember where we were, where we've been, and where we are now.
I want to quote from a mock interview that was in one of my favorite newspapers, a satirical newspaper called The Onion.
The headline was,"Nation Recalls Simpler Time When Health Care System
Was Broken Beyond Repair."
Here's the quote,"Back then, if you couldn't afford health care insurance and got really sick, you went bankrupt, plain and simple," said a Modesto , California, mother of three.
"You didn't have this whole mess of lower cost options or all these subsidies you might or might not qualify for based on your income.
People didn't have to deal with any of that stuff and those headaches, just went ahead and died of preventable causes."
Scott, can I ask a question?
Scott, you're saying -- you're describing what you would have liked, but let's be real -- let's be realistic: if the choice is we have Obamacare now, it's a law, what are the chances of any kind of scenario that you're describing taking --
taking flight, passing both houses of Congress at any time in the foreseeable future?
I want to go back and ask the question to you all again, if, in fact, you're saying that Obamacare --
Well, but, I mean, the point of the debate is to say that it's beyond -- you know, either it's beyond rescue or it's not beyond rescue.
So you guys say can't be saved, can't be fixed.
What's the plan then?
Well, I want to go back to your point though.
I think one of the things we have to remember is that this law changes lot's of things.
It doesn't just change the coverage.
It also talks about who's going to be taking care of patient on Medicaid, what the doctor is going to be paid.
As you know, as a practicing doctor, where you practice a lot of places don't take Medicaid and they don't take it because the rates are laughable.
Reimbursement is very low.
It's not because, I don't think, because the patients
have certain problems that they're not willing to deal with, seems unlikely.
It's a matter of dollars and cents.
One of the things it does, at least temporarily it can presumably be extended, raising the rates of Medicaid and Medicare.
A lot of doctors take care of Medicare patients.
And also I would think that you'd be happy to see these kinds of -- it seems to me at least, speaking from the inside , as a conservative philosophy.
You're saying look, if this doesn't work very well, clearly these high-priced providers, wherever they are, are going to have to make some kind of a change.
Hospitals or other places that are going to be left out of the networks
pretty soon --
Because you're predicting it.
Because it's free.
I'm not sure why they have to
going to be -- that's going to be delayed, but even if it is delayed, it still doesn't go to the point that it's not going to ultimately be useful and even despite the tax dodges that people like Dr. Gottlieb have access to --
-- I'm sorry, Scott, my mistake.
-- that Scott has access to, even without those, there's a bit of a moral imperative where people don't like to break the law, people don't like to do what they're not supposed to do, and that's one of the reasons, the moral imperative was put in there.
I think that's exactly point is, is that is if you don't like a state run kind of program, then, you know, you don't like the kind of systems that are elsewhere.
You can say,"We're not the same, we're different," but it is interesting that every advanced economy in the west and some more in the east has these kinds of programs, and yet there is something special about us where we can't seem, apparently, figure out a way to do it here.
We've got to have some special American take on it.
So I think we probably can learn from it.
I think we probably can learn a lot from other countries.
We're also making a huge change here, there's no question about that, and it takes time to do that.
Plus lots of the law has things that are demonstrations, that are experiments, that are trying to find different ways to improve things.
And we're not going to know the results of those for a year, two years, or even more.
And they can,
the nice thing about it Centers for Medicare and Medicaid, can then ramp things
up when they find successes in demonstrations to show how we can help to
incentivize patients, those kinds of things are out there in existence right now.
And, of course, other hospitals are working on programs where they have outreach workers for the first time to try to follow up with patients.
-- very much part of Obamacare.
I mean, you're saying Obamacare is beyond rescue.
We're saying lots of parts are doing good things.
Sure.
Oh -- you -- there are a number of things.
And one of those is getting people into care so they don't have --
That's exactly -- that's exactly what insurance is about.
And so if you don't want to have a system where people contribute so that the entire population benefits, then you don't have a system like that.
But as a youngish person, I can't quite see, yourself, you know, you may feel that this is a big problem.
Guess what?
There's a future you, and the future you is going to be much older, and it's going to be --
Brief correction, never been an attorney or an assistant attorney general.
It's okay.
No offense to the attorneys out there.
Thank you very much, John, and thanks to you and the IQ2 sponsors, and to Megan and Scott for a spirited debate.
I want to thank the audience as well.
The motion that we're talking about is,"Obamacare is now beyond rescue."
We've had a lot of fun throwing statistics back and forth and trying to make clever remarks, but it seems to me this really comes down to a very personal question.
Given where we are, what's come before, and likely to happen in two scenarios.
We keep Obamacare or we dump it, what should we do?
And like most of us, I could cite personal stories about health care coverage and access, recent ones about friends who had trouble getting coverage because of preexisting conditions, and now with the Obamacare see their insurance and drug costs decrease markedly to 75 percent, or about young people like two of our kids who've already gotten affordable insurance coverage between college and their first jobs.
But I think really the most telling story that I want to mention in conclusion is about Medicaid, much maligned in this discussion today, but 35 years ago, my first job for the Public Health Service was working as a GP in the National Service Board, the Community Health Center in an urban underserved part of town, but because that city was in this state, that is, in New York State, the state that had and still has a generous Medicaid program, most of our patients had insurance.
Most of our patients had access to care.
They were poor.
They were working or disabled.
But they had health care, they had a medical home, and they had prescription drug benefits.
And they benefitted from this, despite what
you've heard here today.
A lot of good care is delivered to Medicaid patients.
When I later moved to Washington, D.C. and looked for a job in Virginia, I asked about Medicaid --
Okay.
I want to say that because of Obamacare, a lot of people are going to have Medicaid, but also a lot of doctors are going to be paid more
to take care of Medicaid, and there's more money for the National Service Corps with doctors like me taking care of them.
sample_1
0

speech;



@some_twitter_user2
0
User Two

Well, the vast majority of them really don't know what the law does.
They're not policy wonks, and when Mitt Romney said he was for it, it sounded like a good solid Republican idea.
When Barack Obama said he was for it, then it became a Socialist plot to destroy America.
And if you don't know what's in the law, that's a pretty sensible way to think about what the law does.
Doug Kamerow.
Has anybody here ever renovated a house?
I've done it twice.
It was hell.
Every day I went through brought fresh misery and fresh reason to think why am I doing this, but in the end it worked, and the reason it worked is because we know how to renovate houses, right?
So when you hear about the problems that our opponents are describing in the law, they had to delay this, they had to fix this, the Spanish language website didn't work as well as they wanted the first day.
You have to ask, are these things that are going to fundamentally destroy the law or are they the kind of problems you have in a renovation?
They said, oh, we didn't quite get the counters we want.
Oh, this went a little bit over cost.
Well, then you have to ask -- to answer that question you have to ask what kind of endeavor is Obamacare?
Is the Obama administration trying to build a moon base?
Is the Obama administration trying to build a thriving liberal democracy in a hostile Muslim country?
No.
What they're trying to do is build a national health insurance plan.
Can you build a national health insurance plan?
Well, every advanced economy in the world, except the United States, has built a national health insurance plan.
All of those countries insure all their citizens and all of them pay considerably less than we pay here in the United States.
So you're a priori assumption has to be yeah, this is something you can basically do that the problems you have are not signs that everything is about to collapse onto itself, but the problems you have any time you go through any major project.
So, what our opponents have been trying to do for months, and months, and months, actually is paint this picture where every time the contractor comes to you and says,"Oh, it turns out they don't have this color, oh, it turns out the plumber is unavailable on this day," it means the whole thing is going to collapse on its own.
But actually, nothing like that is happening at all.
And there is no evidence that anything like this is happening.
The main argument that the opponents have been making the entire time is that there is going to be a death spiral.
That's the only plausible mechanism that they have, that the law will fail.
A death spiral is a term that I expected them to talk about, because that's what they've been talking about for months.
It's something they've barely invoked at all.
And I think the reason is it's become clear, in recent days, that there's no chance of a death spiral in the Obamacare law.
A death spiral is when you have too many old, sick people who drive up the cost, making the premiums more expensive, leading the healthy people to flee, driving up costs more.
That is theoretically possible, but is not something that can possibly happen in this law.
In fact, if you want to say,"Is the law succeeding?" you don't have to ask the administration.
You could ask the insurers, right? Because the insurers have recently been saying they're very happy with the mix of people -- the mix of people you have in the exchanges is sound.
It's sustainable.
They don't need -- they don't need it to change.
They've got a mix of people that's healthy enough to keep the exchanges going forward.
What's more, even if you had more old people going into the exchanges than they expect, you had -- the Kaiser Health Foundation ran the numbers and said,"What's the worst-case scenario?"
We don't get any increase in young people at all.
And they said it would be about a 2.4 percent increase in premiums 2.4 percent increase in health insurance premiums. If any of you have ever had health insurance and you get a 2.4 percent increase over your bill last year, you'd say,"Thank God it's only a 2.4 percent increase," right?
That's a rounding error.
No one notices 2.4 percent.
That couldn't possibly set off a death spiral.
So there's really no plausible mechanism that the law could fail.
So I think what they're giving you -- instead of what used to be the plausible mechanism for which the -- this can fail, they're giving you a mix of wishes and hopes and completely debunked facts.
They said,"Cost growth leveled after 2010.”
No.
Cost growth in 2012 was lower than at any year in 50 years.
And in fact -- this is important because when the law was passed, cost growth was the main thing they talked about.
Obamacare was supposed to control costs.
And they said,"No, no,
it's going to make costs explode with all this bureaucracy regulation.
They're going to go out of control.”
What happened is that cost growth came in way lower than the most optimistic estimates believed it would be before the law was signed.
And so now, they're reduced -- instead of saying,"This disaster of cost growth is going to happen," they're going to say,"This incredible miracle of low cost growth is simply a coincidence.”
So,
all they're saying is essentially that this wonderful thing that's happened has nothing to do with the gigantic change in healthcare or that happened just before costs started going to the lowest level in 50 years.
And you can't prove that it's not a coincidence.
But you have to -- see, this is indicative of the mentality we're dealing with, where it simply moves from one possible disastrous scenario to another possible disastrous scenario.
So you have to wonder,"Why are they simple moving from one disaster scenario to another disaster scenario?"
Actually, I wanted to debunk a couple points they made, because a lot of this is just -- we've heard from the other side -- are not true.
I can't give you links and charts to debunk them, but let me say that it's not the case that 5 million policies have been canceled.
That's a number that was floating about that
you can't verify.
It's almost certainly not true.
Many journalists have tried to figure out exactly how many policies have been canceled.
And they don't have good enough records to know, but they know it's not 5 million.
And they suspect -- the administration suspects it's closer to one-tenth of that figure.
They can't actually prove that either, but for various reasons, you don't have a good enough count.
This -- that's almost certainly nowhere close to 5 million.
And that's a big number that's -- they're citing because they're saying, that -- those are the losers.
But it's really nowhere close to that.
Yet they say -- Megan said we can't -- we can't say for sure how many -- how -- that there are more insured now than there were before.
We can't say for sure, because again, this number can't exactly be counted.
We don't know that 400,000 -- it was 500,000.
But we know it's not anywhere close to 5 million.
And
it's a mortal certainty that far more people have health insurance now than would have had in absence of the law.
So why are we having this kind of lurch, from one argument, abandoning these arguments when they disappear, and simply coming up with new ones? The truth is, they disagree with the goals of the law.
And I think you could hear that in their remarks.
They say,"There's less choice.”
And it's true.
The government says insurers have to provide certain benefits right.
They have to provide pregnancy coverage.
That's -- and maternity care.
Those are the most controversial things that are mostly cited, because they want people who are male or old to not have to pay for those things.
And they want people who are young and female and might have to bear children to pay those costs themselves, because that's an ideological difference between the two sides.
And that's fine for them to have an ideological difference between the two sides.
But we're not here to debate whether this law is a good idea.
We're here to debate whether the law is actually working, and the truth is the only reason they're desperately trying to claim the law is not working is because they oppose national health insurance.
Megan, answer the question
.
No, at the JPMorgan Conference a series of insurers were interviewed, and they all said that they were generally expecting getting what they expected.
There were a series of insurers quoted at
the JPMorgan Conference on January 15.
Right, but what we're seeing right now is that they're not even going to need that kind of adjustment in the first place because they're saying the pool of people is young enough that it's meeting their expectations, that they don't need to raise premiums, whatsoever.
And so if you want to -- if
you have to ask,"What is the definition of success?"
The definition of success is putting in place a law that will get at a certain point to having a dramatic expansion of coverage.
So at one point you said,"Well, by January 1, there aren't as many people covered as there were before."
Right, we don't know.
You're right, you said -- that's correct.
Right, we don't know exactly --
-- right -- we don't know the
number of people who had their plans cancelled.
It's way less than five million.
We don't know, so we can't say exactly how many
.
But why is January 1, the first date the law started, the best mark?
The law's supposed to --
The reason I wrote that you're against national health care is because in 2009 you wrote a column called "Why I Oppose National Health Care."
You've also predicted -- a few months ago you predicted the exchanges might not even open on January 1, that the administration would have to stop its whole law.
So if you're talking about moving the goal post your definition of failure just keeps getting smaller and smaller.
You're using the word death spiral in a way that no one in health care and economics ever uses it.
That's all you keep saying -- obligate people to Medicaid, but I don't think the word means what you think it means.
No one is obligated to go on Medicaid.
People are offered to go on Medicaid and they very rationally choose to go on Medicaid.
Right.
Now, our opponents have made two different claims about Medicaid.
Scott's made a terrible argument about the quality of Medicaid and Megan made one that is merely bad.
Scott's argument, he's obliquely citing studies that have taken two populations, one of which is on Medicaid and one which is not on Medicaid and compared their health.
Now, if you're on Medicaid you're in a terrible place.
Something has gone bad in your life.
You're very poor.
You're very sick.
Bad things are happening to you.
So, a lot of studies are comparing two completely different kinds of populations and finding the people on Medicaid are worse off.
Those are the studies people don't take seriously.
Then the
study that Megan cited is still not a very good use of data.
It's not a good use of data for two reasons -- if I may --
Number one --
So, there are a series of studies on the effectiveness of Medicaid.
Many of these studies -- most of them show what you would intuitively think.
Going on Medicaid and being able to see doctors, even if you don't get a lot of choice, even if a lot of doctors don't want to take the low prices, is better than not having health insurance and going to
good -- going to the doctor at all.
Because as my partner explained in fairly strong detail, not having health insurance is dangerous.
It's terrible.
Nobody wants to have it.
And people are right not to want it --
You've got to remember, the proposition here is "beyond repair.”
So they're not -- that's not a claim about beyond repair.
That's a claim about something that might happen in the future that they can plausibly say will be --
Right.
So --
Right.
So the initial projections were -- CBO said they guess about 7 million people would be in the exchanges by the end of the open enrollment period in March.
Now, the website was broken for the first few months.
That wasn't just people could enroll.
That means the whole outreach campaign that the administration, its outside allies, and in the insurers had planned to direct people to this website -- which was broken -- had to be
put off.
So basically, we've lost two-thirds of the time to enroll people in the exchanges.
It was trying to enroll people in the exchanges that we've had, October, November, December.
Only December wasn't working.
Yet -- so in one third of the time they've had available, they did a whole two thirds of the target they were supposed to have in the exchanges.
They thought by the end of December they would have three million.
Instead, they have two million.
So that seems to be --
I -- here's one way to tie this together.
For years and years, when you asked conservatives about national health reform, they would say some horror story, right?
They would say some man in Canada walked 100 miles in snow and lost his feet because of the Socialist horrors of Canada to come to the freedom of America, and everyone in Britain has lost their teeth because of the NIH --
-- and all these, you know, weird kind of mix of anecdotes and half-truths.
Those
--
-- that was what was like floating around out there.
And I think what's happened here is that all these horror stories simply migrated to the United States and now describe Obamacare.
They've kind of forgotten all about the horrors of socialized medicine, and the way that they understood national health insurance in the other countries is now the way they understand national health insurance in the United States.
It's a very partial anecdotal kind of slightly hysterical way.
Well --
-- you know, I think it's kind of self evident that this
target date-- that we've heard from the other side of -- are things better by January 1 is oddly irrelevant, the first day that the law is actually in operation.
The point is to make a change over a series of years.
Now, the outreach campaign to the public is something that by definition just takes months and months and months and years and years and years to build up.
And no one envisioned that the law would reach its coverage target even under the best circumstances the first year.
And again, the website responded.
So, in 2013 they lost two-thirds of the available time.
So naturally you're just going to move back the target for the ramp up year, you're going to hit it more slowly, but nothing about that process changes the law's ability to fundamentally reach its goals in the coarse of time.
Part of the law is working and you're saying this functional part of the law could -- might have been tapped without Obamacare, but whether or not that's true it's
in the law.
No, the law set out to do things to reform the cost structure of benefits to control costs and by all evidence it's succeeding beyond the best expectations and --
No.
I mean, the law intended to do a lot of things.
It intended to cover people in a lot of ways.
Covering people under 26.
That was the way they covered people under 26.
But controlling costs -- what they decided to do was not have one big blunt force wave to hold down medical inflation they let
thousand flowers bloom and change the infrastructure in a lot of ways and there's a lot of good evidence --
It's a big law with a lot -- with two major goals accomplished in a bunch of different ways.
So we're -- I think where we lack the metrics is
how many people had their plans with their private insurance plans cancelled?
That's what we don't know.
And that's the kind of negative sum in their ledger, that they're trying to say the law failed.
We don't really know that no one has the -- but we do know who's signing up.
We've got very good metrics on that.
So, do we know how many people are going in the exchanges, how many people are
going into Medicaid, what type of healthcare costs?
All those things can be measured and are being measured.
And they're all very positive.
I would like to, actually.
There's a huge amount of data.
It contradicts what the others are trying to say.
Let me cite one.
Two Urban Institute
researchers published a study finding that the number of adults reporting that they skipped care because of high costs in Massachusetts fell 17 percent to 11 percent for the first two years of the law.
So I
think of all the things it's trying to do, is -- quit -- stop people who can't get healthcare because they can't afford it.
That was the main goal of the law and it succeeded
All right.
There were a lot of cost reforms in the way that hospitals were compensated, that happened before 2012, right?
So, instead of paying people based on more care
-- the more medicine you perform, the more money you get -- it changed the model where people get paid based on providing quality of care and actually in measurable ways of improving patients health.
So, one way is it penalized hospitals that have high rates of infections.
Because previously, hospitals -- if your patients get an infection, that's a bonus for you.
They have to go back in the hospital and get treated again.
And you make more money.
So, instead the law changed and said,"No, we're going to penalize you if you have a high rate of infections.”
And the rate of infection has actually fallen.
There's a wide series of reforms like this changed the cost structure of American medicine.
And I think a lot of researchers have looked at this and concluded they're actually working on changing the cost model and making people try to provide quality instead of just more and more care for more and more money.
Let me let you in on a secret.
When we set up this debate back in the fall, it was a while ago, it looked like Obamacare might really collapse.
The website was broken.
We didn't know when it would be fixed.
We didn't know if it would be fixed.
Some people thought it would never be fixed.
It looks like it's possible the law would actually not come into effect.
But now it has come into effect.
Now we're actually living the experience of this law.
So the position that was an outlandish and somewhat exaggerated fear three months ago, is now kind of silly.
And I think if you look back into the history of libertarian anti-statism
in America, there's a long tradition of these kinds of fear mongering predictions, senators who were opposed to child labor laws a few years ago saying that children would refuse to do chores in their household, Ronald Reagan saying,"If we pass Medicare the government will tell doctors they can't live here, they can't live there, and one day we'll look back at a day when we had freedom in America and wonder what happened to it."
So this is a constant recurring pattern, Social Security, all kinds of civil rights laws, labor laws.
The American far right lives in terror of government, and
it's ideologically understandable that they would oppose these laws, but they translate this ideological terror into a series of verifiable predictions about what will happen if these laws come into effect.
And one day we're going to look back at the kinds of predictions they've been making about Obamacare, and those will go in the time capsule, and they'll look just as silly as the predictions that were made by all these other reforms, which is not to say that it works perfectly.
It's not to say those other things that work perfectly.
Believe me, child labor
was a big part of the economy a hundred years ago and when we banned it it actually imposed a lot of disruption and pain on people.
Right now it seems obvious and back then it was really hard.
Families lost an income.
But these changes did fundamentally work.
The market responded.
People responded
and I think when we look back time we'll see that the people who were saying the law must fail were really just people who didn't agree with its goals in the first place.
sample_2
0

speech;listener;



@sally
1
Sally Field
white;blonde;short
There’s this guy….I don’t know, he’s just kind of..faceless. He rips off my clothes. That’s it. Well, sometimes I vary it a little. What I’m wearing.
fantasy_scene_sally
1
2015-02-04T04:16:55.568731
fantasy;funny



@harry
2
Harry Solomon
white;bald;short
What does he look like? Okay, faceless guy. And? That’s it? Faceless guy rips off your clothes and that’s the sex fantasy you’ve been having since you were twelve? Which part?
fantasy_scene_harry
1
2015-02-04T04:16:55.568731
fantasy;funny



@zorba_the_greek
2
Zorba
greek
Τη γλώσσα μου έδωσαν ελληνική
το σπίτι φτωχικό στις αμμουδιές του Ομήρου.
Μονάχη έγνοια η γλώσσα μου στις αμμουδιές του Ομήρου
greek_sample_1
1

greek






Jump to Line



Go
 









Contact GitHub
API
Training
Shop
Blog
About





© 2017 GitHub, Inc.
Terms
Privacy
Security
Status
Help








    You can't perform that action at this time.
  




You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session.
You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session.


















Team - Receptiviti
































































































Enabling AI platforms with emotional intelligenceGet started 










Get To Know Us
Receptiviti’s team brings together expertise in science, business, social psychology, linguistics and engineering—and a shared commitment to humanizing Artificial Intelligence.
Watch James Pennebaker’s TEDx Talk in which he delves into language and how it can reflect and reshape our understanding of ourselves and our interaction with others.

Watch Video
The Receptiviti Team



James W. Pennebaker
Co-founder and Chief Scientist
The Regents Centennial Chair of Psychology at the University of Texas at Austin, James is the inventor of LIWC, and author of nine books and over 300 scientific articles. He is among the most highly cited scientists in psychology and psychiatry, and the winner of multiple research and teaching awards.





Jon Kreindler
Co-founder and CEO
An internationally respected management consultant, Jon has an exceptional track record designing and implementing executive leadership initiatives for global corporations such as SAP, Cisco, and MasterCard. His experience spans startups, SMBs and Fortune-500 companies in a range of industries.





Sharan Karanth
Co-founder and CTO
Part hacker, engineer and pot-stirrer, Sharan is a polyglot developer and a strong proponent of lean and agile IT methodologies. He has worked as architect on various enterprise-wide products and projects, setting up highly scalable, maintainable software infrastructures while actively monitoring and improving development productivity.





Ryan Boyd
Psychologist and Data Scientist
Ryan is an established expert in the psychology of language and one of the co-creators of LIWC2015. He has authored many widely-used language analysis applications and developed several new methods for quantifying language. His research often includes psychological fingerprinting, psychological disorders, and social processes. Ryan's work has been featured by The BBC, The Atlantic, and CNN.





Kiki Adams
Computational Linguist
Kiki is a computational linguist specializing in language psychology. She creates and maintains the models that drive Receptiviti’s insights and predictive capabilities. As one of the creators of LIWC2015, Kiki uses statistics and psychometrics to ensure internal reliability, external validity, and maximum effectiveness of Receptiviti’s insights and machine learning models.





Sean Farrell
Data Scientist
Sean is a former astrophysicist turned data scientist, who moved from hunting for black holes to finding subtle patterns in social media. An avid R user, his expertise is in the analysis of large data sets using advanced analytical techniques such as machine learning and graph analytics, in particular focusing on text analytics and social media.





Mark Chaikelson
VP, Product
Inspired by turning good ideas into great products, Mark has spent over 15 years in senior product- and customer-focused roles with companies ranging from startups to Fortune 500s. Mark's expertise extends to creating data-driven solutions that align organizational processes and culture.



 




















This site uses cookies:  Find out more.Okay, thanks 










Receptiviti - Try It Now






































Go ahead. Kick the tires.
Plug in up to 500 words to see what
                            Receptiviti can do.

Share


































Receptiviti - Product Hunt





























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up Featured a year agoReceptivitiEnabling AI platforms with emotional intelligenceSalesAPIsFintech+ 7get it145 ShareFeatured commentJon Kreindler@jkreindler · Receptiviti.aiHello ProductHunt friends!

We’re working hard to roll out new features and integrations based on feedback from our developer community. We’ve just rolled out Twitter integration, so you can now analyze anyone on Twitter. We’ll soon be rolling out social audience analysis so you can analyze and segment entire social media audiences and follower groups based on their psychology, emotions and even the way they make decisions. 

Give it a try and let me know if you have any feedback! UpvoteShare·a year agoWould you recommend Receptiviti to a friend?😡 NO🤔 MAYBE😍 YESHunterHCarlo AlmendralMakersMJon KreindlerDiscussionYou need to become a Contributor to join the discussion - Find out how.Jon KreindlerMaker@jkreindler · Receptiviti.aiHere's an example of what happened when we analyzed Kanye's MTV Awards rant when he announced he'd be running for president in 2020... 6Share·a year agoReuven Cohen@ruv · Unicorn Breeder, startup bootstrapperVery cool. Giving AI emotional understanding. 3Share·a year agoJon KreindlerMaker@jkreindler · Receptiviti.ai@ruv thanks! 1Share·a year agoMarko Islamovic@marko_is · CEO @ Waltz@jkreindler How is this different from Watson's Personality Insights API or juji.io ? Or is it different at all? 2Share·a year agoJon KreindlerMaker@jkreindler · Receptiviti.ai. 8Share·a year agoMarko Islamovic@marko_is · CEO @ Waltz@jkreindler thanks for the information! Sounds great I will definitely test it out.. Thanks.. 1Share·a year agoJon KreindlerMaker@jkreindler · Receptiviti.ai@marko_is excellent. Definitely let us know if you have any feedback or questions! 1Share·a year agoYassine Landa@yassinelanda · Data Scientist & Founder @99drawings.comI like the wide spectrum of applications that this kind of AI technology enables. The possibilities are almost infinite! 1Share·a year agoJon KreindlerMaker@jkreindler · Receptiviti.aiHello ProductHunt friends!

We’re working hard to roll out new features and integrations based on feedback from our developer community. We’ve just rolled out Twitter integration, so you can now analyze anyone on Twitter. We’ll soon be rolling out social audience analysis so you can analyze and segment entire social media audiences and follower groups based on their psychology, emotions and even the way they make decisions. 

Give it a try and let me know if you have any feedback! UpvoteShare·a year ago👋 Welcome to Product HuntGet the best new products in your inbox, daily.SubscribeRelated ProductsInfluential OneA.I. powered influencer marketing platformEMMAOn-demand applied AI for analysis, consulting & researchRunwayThe cash planning tool for startupsStripe ConnectThe payments platform for platformsFlymbleBook a flight for 1/10 of the cost upfront.PleoA company card that does your expense reportsEmpowerTake control of your money, budget, debt & savingsTLDR OptionsGuesstimate the possible value of startup options flag






