










 













 




Recompense L.P. - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Recompense L.P.
List of persons related to the company Recompense L.P.. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Recompense L.P..

CIK Number: 0001655683Company address: ELIAN FIDUCIARY SERVICES (CAYMAN) LTD 89 NEXUS WAY, CAMANA BAY GRAND CAYMAN KY1-9008Phone number: 345-949-9876



People related to Recompense L.P.
NamePositionStreetCityCountryR. Shah  Robin1180 Avenue of the Americas New YorkNY-  Tenor Capital Management Company, L.P.1180 Avenue of the Americas New YorkNY=  Tenor Capital Management Company, L.P.1180 Avenue of the Americas New YorkNY-  Tenor Opportunity Associates, LLC1180 Avenue of the Americas New YorkNY




Recompense L.P. on the Web
Related companiesRecompense II L.P.












 








ORBO RECOMPENSES INC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























orbo recompenses inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Application Software
Orbo Recompenses Inc. designs and develops software solutions. The Company offers business promotional programs. Orbo Recompenses serves customers in Canada.




Corporate Information
Address:

QC
Canada


Phone:
1-866-580-9131


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.orbo.ca























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

































 
































L & P Machine Products, 1129 West Fairview Carthage Missouri 64836 Ctc Dan Day Usa Ph 427 358 9131 | Buyer Report — Panjiva





 












Panjiva

MENU 





Panjiva


Solutions

Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts



Products

Platform
Enterprise
API



Our Data

United States Trade Data
Mexico Trade Data
Brazil Trade Data
Central & South America Data
China Trade Data
Trendspotting
Panjiva Research


Pricing
Search

English


Español 

中文 








Demo Request a Demo 

+1-646-205-0594


Sign in 











L & P Machine Products
Company profile made by Panjiva 
 Company profile  Buyer company  United States






        See L & P Machine Products's products and suppliers
      
Thousands of companies like you use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors.


Request a Demo

        1 min video
      






Easy access to trade data
 

U.S. Customs records organized by company
4 U.S. shipments available for L & P Machine Products, updated weekly since 2007




Date
Buyer
Supplier
Details

          41          more fields
        


2012-12-03
See all 4 shipment records for L & P Machine Products with a Panjiva data plan.Request a DemoorSign Up 

2008-11-17


2008-09-29
L & P Machine Products
Leggett & Platt Components
Machinery Ecn: Aal9 Gnnlg Used Machines Leggett & Platt, Inc Door Delivery Address 1129 W. Fairview, Ctc: Dan Day Ph: 417 358 9131 Carthage, Missouri, 64836 (Please Prior To Delivery For Appointment)
Bill of lading


Shipment data shows what products a company is trading and more.
      Learn more 



Quickly analyze trade relationships




Network view map
Explore trading relationships hidden in US import data.
See all 3 suppliers of L & P Machine Products
 Learn more about network view 




Top suppliers


Leggett & Platt Components 






Sign up to access 







Sign up to access 







3 suppliers available
        


Top products


machinery 





machine machine 





machine machinery 





machine line 





line 






18 top products available
        





Contact information for L & P Machine Products


 

Address
1129 West Fairview Carthage Missouri 64836 Ctc Dan Day Usa Ph 427 358 9131

 


 




           


    


Sample Bill of Lading
4 shipment records available



Date
2012-12-03


Shipper Name
Legget $ Platt Del Uruguay S.A.


Shipper Address
RUTA 74 KM 30 JOAQUIN SUAREZ-CANELO, CANELONES  91200 URUGUAY


Consignee Name
L & P Machine Products


Consignee Address
1129 WEST FAIRVIEW AVE. CARTHAGE MO, CARTHAGE MO 64836 UNITED STATES


Notify Party Name
Phoenix  International Freight Serv


Notify Party Address
1501 N. MITTEL BLVD SUITE A WOOD DA, WOOD DALE IL 60191 UNITED STATES


Also Notify Party Name
Expeditors   Chicago


Also Notify Party Address
OFFICE 630-595-3770 ORD-LEGGETT=EXP, CHICAGO IL 60673 UNITED STATES


Weight
7860


Weight Unit
K


Weight in KG
7860.0


Quantity
16


Quantity Unit
PKG


Country of Origin
Uruguay


Details
7,860.0 kgFrom port: Montevideo, UruguayTo port: Port Of Entry-Kansas City, Kansas City, MissouriVia port: New York/Newark Area, Newark, New Jersey


Place of Receipt
Montevideo


Foreign Port of Lading
Montevideo, Uruguay


U.S. Port of Unlading
New York/Newark Area, Newark, New Jersey


U.S. Destination Port
Port Of Entry-Kansas City, Kansas City, Missouri


Commodity
Herramientas Varias Y Partes


Container
MSCU9863903


Carrier Name
MSC-MEDITERRANEAN SHIPPING COMPANY S A


Vessel Name
MSC KRYSTAL


Voyage Number
1243R


Bill of Lading Number
MSCUUU085835


Lloyd's Code
9372470


In Bond Code
61


HTS Codes
HTS 8474







 



Buyers of similar products 
carthage buyersleggett buyersmachine line buyersmachine machinery buyersmachinery buyers




Suppliers of similar products
carthage manufacturersleggett manufacturersmachine line manufacturersmachine machinery manufacturersmachinery manufacturers




Buyers similar to L & P Machine Products

L&W Engineering Co. Plt 8Bridmax Inc.Donald K Maurisso Superior ApparelOdin Fashion CorporationAg Mfg. Inc.







Thousands of companies use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors

Request a Demo











Solutions
Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts




Products
Platform
Enterprise
API




Data
United States
Mexico
Brazil
Central & South America
China
Panjiva Research
Partners




Company
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Blog
Press
Contact
Jobs



                20 West 22nd Street, Suite 706New York, NY, 10010 / USA                ‌
+1-888-902-3511
Request a demo











English


Español 

中文 






Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap





© 2017 Panjiva, Inc.







Cart (0) 
Continue Browsing
 







 










Authentification de cartouche de toner HP - Informations d'authentification de cartouche de toner HP et Aide | Assistance clientèle HP®




















































IBM WebSphere Portal






















Logo IBM





Inscription


Connexion






























Bienvenue   


Se déconnecter
    	 | 
    	Modifier le profil



Se déconnecter
Modifier le profil





 




Z6_M0I02JG0KGSS30ACT8MPG200G1







Error:
Javascript est désactivé dans ce navigateur. Javascript est requis pour cette page. Modifiez les paramètres de votre navigateur pour autoriser l'exécution de Javascript. Pour des instructions spécifiques, voir la documentation de votre navigateur.





{}









Z7_3054ICK0KGTE30AQO5O3KA30U5






hp-support-head-portlet



Actions





${title}



Chargement...










 





Bienvenue dans l'assistance clientèle HP











Z7_3054ICK0KGTE30AQO5O3KA30U7






hp-contact-secondary-navigation-portlet



Actions





${title}



Chargement...










 












 Assistance clientèle HP
			
			



Rechercher











						Sélectionnez votre modèle
					








							Détecter vos produits en un seul clic
						
Détecter le produit


							Trouvez vos produits ainsi que les logiciels et pilotes recommandés.
						
Comment procède HP pour installer le logiciel et collecter les données ?






Politique de confidentialité © Copyright 2017 HP Development Company, L.P.














Z7_M0I02JG0KONJ30ACBBF8MM1084






hp-hero-support-search



Actions





${title}



Chargement...










 












Rechercher toute l'assistance 


Toute l'assistance

Logiciels, pilotes et mises à jour

Dépannage

Procédures

Informations sur le produit

Manuels d'utilisation





















Annuler

Exemple : "L'imprimante Photosmart c4300 est bloquée"




Téléchargement des résultats







Z7_3054ICK0KGTE30AQO5O3KA3014






hp-share-print-widget-portlet



Actions





${title}



Chargement...










 



























Z7_3054ICK0KGTE30AQO5O3KA30N0






hp-concentra-wrapper-portlet



Actions





${title}



Chargement...










 










Authentification de cartouche de toner HP - Informations d'authentification de cartouche de toner HP et Aide


Configuration du système


Compatibilité d'imprimante et de cartouche


Questions et réponses avant le téléchargement


Informations sur le logiciel et aide


Authentification et paramètres


Etat de la cartouche d'impression


Résultats d'authentification


Messages d'erreur


Questions et réponses sur le dépannage technique


Gagner et recevoir des récompenses


Questions et réponses de base sur les récompenses


Télécharger le logiciel d'authentification de cartouche de toner HP


Assistance par e-mail






Configuration du système








Systèmes d'exploitation compatibles



Windows XP (32) et Service Pack 3

	Edition familiale
	Professionnel
	Media Center



	Windows Vista (32 et 64 bits) Service Packs 1 et 2

	Edition familiale basique
	Edition familiale Premium
	Edition Professionnel
	Edition Enterprise
	Edition intégrale



Windows 7 (32 et 64 bits) Service Pack 1

	Edition familiale basique
	Edition familiale Premium
	Professionnel
	Edition intégrale
Edition Professionnel Edition intégrale
Edition Enterprise







Configuration système (minimale)




	Processeur 800 MHz
	128 Mo de mémoire système
80 Mo d'espace de stockage libre sur le disque dur système
	Ecran 1024x768
	Lecteur de CD-ROM (uniquement pour l'installation par CD)
	Droits d'administrateur sur l'ordinateur







Navigateurs pris en charge


Microsoft Internet Explorer (IE) 6 ou version ultérieure





Connexion d'imprimante prise en charge


Le logiciel d'authentification de cartouche de toner HP prend en charge les périphériques connectés via USB et réseau





Imprimantes/cartouches d'impression prises en charge



Cliquer ici pour afficher la liste des imprimantes qui prennent en charge le logiciel d'authentification de cartouche de toner HP sur h20000.www2.hp.com/bizsupport/TechSupport/Document.jsp?&objectID=c02639296.





Langues prises en charge


 Bulgare, tchèque, danois, néerlandais, anglais, finnois, français, allemand, grec, hébreu, hongrois, italien, japonais, coréen, norvégien, polonais, portugais, russe, slovaque, slovène, espagnol, suédois, chinois simplifié, chinois traditionnel, turc.









Compatibilité d'imprimante et de cartouche


Cliquer ici pour afficher la liste des imprimantes/cartouches prises en charge par le logiciel d'authentification de cartouche de toner HP sur www2.hp.com/bizsupport/TechSupport/Document.jsp?&objectID=c02639296.



Questions et réponses avant le téléchargement


Qu'est-ce que l'authentification de cartouche de toner HP ?

L'authentification de cartouche de toner HP est un logiciel HP gratuit qui valide le fait que les cartouches installées sont des cartouches de toner HP LaserJet d'origine. Les clients disposeront d'une meilleure visibilité sur l'état de leurs cartouches (neuve, usagée, pas authentique), ce qui les aidera à éviter d'être victime de fraude ou de contrefaçon.



Quels sont les avantages de l'authentification pour le client ?

	La confirmation que vous utilisez des cartouches HP d'origine

	Si le client a acheté un produit de contrefaçon sans le savoir, il peut répondre aux informations d'authentification en renvoyant la cartouche au magasin pour demander un remboursement ou un remplacement. Les cartouches de contrefaçon sont des cartouches remises à neuf ou clonées qui sont vendues comme étant des cartouches de toner LaserJet HP neuves d'origine à un prix proche de celui d'une nouvelle cartouche. 


	Si le client achète des cartouches de toner de LaserJet HP neuves d'origine, il peut recevoir une marque de reconnaissance de HP (dans les pays qui proposent le programme de récompenses HP).






Quelle est l'étendue du problème de la contrefaçon ?

	Le taux de produits de contrefaçon varie en fonction du marché.



Quelles sont les imprimantes compatibles avec l'authentification de cartouche de toner HP ?




	Le logiciel d'authentification de cartouche de toner HP est compatible avec de nombreuses imprimantes HP LaserJet. Cliquer ici pour obtenir une liste des imprimantes compatibles sur h20000.www2.hp.com/bizsupport/TechSupport/Document.jsp?&objectID=c02639296.






	Quelles cartouches de toner peuvent être authentifiées par l'authentification de cartouche de toner HP ?

	Le logiciel fonctionne avec les cartouches compatibles avec les imprimantes prises en charge. En outre, les cartouches doivent être équipées de la technologie la plus récente requise pour l'authentification. Le logiciel HP et la nouvelle technologie de cartouche HP ont été développés en 2010. Le logiciel vous avertira si vos cartouches ne peuvent pas être authentifiées. 



Quelle quantité d'espace disque est nécessaire pour charger le logiciel d'authentification de cartouche de toner HP ?

	Le logiciel fait environ 60 Mo.



L'authentification de cartouche nécessite-t-elle une connexion Internet ?




Oui, l'authentification de cartouche nécessite une connexion Internet.


	Les imprimantes doivent être sous tension et sur l'état Prêt pour exécuter l'authentification. 






	Le client peut-il désactiver l'authentification ?

	Oui, les clients reçoivent trois paramètres lors de l'installation logicielle initiale :

Exécution automatique (par défaut)


M'inviter lorsque j'installe une nouvelle cartouche
ou


Déclenchement manuel de l'authentification. Les clients peuvent également désinstaller ce programme ; consulter www.hp.com/go/learnaboutsupplies pour plus de détails.






	Le logiciel peut-il détecter si une cartouche est remise à neuf ou s'il s'agit d'une contrefaçon ?

	Le logiciel détecte principalement si la cartouche est une cartouche HP authentique ou non. Une cartouche remise à neuf est généralement authentifiée comme "Pas authentique", de même que les autres types de cartouches de toner non HP telles que les clones ou les cartouches "compatibles". Les contrefaçons sont les cartouches non HP qui sont représentées de façon incorrecte durant le processus d'achat comme étant une cartouche de toner HP LaserJet d'origine. Le logiciel rapporte les états de cartouche suivants :


HP authentique : Le consommable a été fabriqué par HP pour ce produit. 



Pas authentique : Il est possible que le consommable ait été rechargé, remis à neuf, ou qu'il soit une contrefaçon. Si vous pensez que vous avez acheté un consommable authentique HP, veuillez consulter le site http://www.hp.com/go/anticounterfeit. 



	Incompatible : Le consommable est destiné à un autre produit HP. Pour obtenir les meilleurs résultats, utiliser des consommables conçus pour ce produit. Lorsque vous utilisez un consommable incompatible, il est possible que le consommable ne fonctionne pas correctement dans votre produit ou que vous ne receviez pas de notification lorsque le niveau du consommable est faible. 



Utilisé : Le consommable a été précédemment utilisé. Si vous pensez que vous avez acheté un consommable authentique HP neuf, veuillez consulter le site http://www.hp.com/go/anticounterfeit. 



	Pas authentifié : Le logiciel d'authentification de cartouche de toner HP n'a pas encore authentifié si ce consommable est un produit HP authentique.



Authentification impossible :



	Si vous voyez ce message, il est possible que la cartouche que vous essayez d'authentifier ne dispose pas de la technologie nécessaire pour l'authentification de cartouche de toner HP.


Si une icône x se trouve à côté de ce message, le logiciel d'authentification de cartouche de toner HP ne peut pas authentifier le consommable car il ne contient pas la technologie d'authentification requise. La prochaine fois que vous remplacez une cartouche, essayez à nouveau d'authentifier.


	Si une icône I s'affiche en regard de ce message, la communication entre votre produit HP et le serveur HP est indisponible en ce moment. Vérifiez que le périphérique est SOUS TENSION et connecté à Internet. Si le problème persiste, veuillez réessayer plus tard. 









Une cartouche de toner rechargée sera-t-elle authentifiée comme "Utilisé" ou "Pas authentique" ?

	Une cartouche rechargée sera authentifiée comme "Utilisé" sauf si la société qui recharge la cartouche modifie l'étiquette électronique, auquel cas la cartouche sera authentifiée comme "Pas authentique". 



Le logiciel peut-il être utilisé dans un environnement d'entreprise ?

	Oui, mais ce logiciel n'est pas conçu pour être utilisé dans un environnement géré d'entreprise.



Le service informatique peut-il désactiver la solution pour les environnements d'entreprise ?

		Oui. Le programme est conçu pour alerter et communiquer avec le responsable du service informatique ou du service d'approvisionnement (un utilisateur). Cette application n'est conçue que pour être installée sur l'ordinateur de la personne qui gère l'imprimante ou la flotte d'imprimantes. L'administrateur système peut activer ou désactiver la solution. 



	Un employé sur un réseau géré dans un environnement d'entreprise peut-il télécharger et exécuter le logiciel ?

	A supposer que les utilisateurs ne disposent pas des privilèges d'administrateur système, ils ne pourront pas installer ou utiliser ce logiciel. Cette application n'est conçue que pour être installée sur l'ordinateur de la personne qui gère l'imprimante ou la flotte d'imprimantes et dispose des privilèges d'administrateur système.



L'endroit auquel les clients achètent les cartouches à authentifier est-il important ?

Non, la solution fonctionnera quel que soit l'endroit où le client a acheté ses cartouches de rechange. 



HP recueillera-t-il des informations sur le client ?

	Lorsque vous utilisez le logiciel d'authentification de cartouche de toner HP, le modèle d'imprimante, le modèle de cartouche et le numéro de série sont transmis à HP pour vérifier qu'une cartouche HP d'origine a été installée. Ces informations ne seront pas stockées après la fin de l'authentification.



	Dois-je mettre à jour mon système d'exploitation pour télécharger le logiciel d'authentification de cartouche de toner HP ?




	L'authentification de cartouche de toner HP s'exécute sous Windows XP SP 2 et 3, Windows Vista et Windows 7.


	Deux packs Microsoft externes (infrastructure .NET et MSXML6) sont requis pour pouvoir exécuter le logiciel d'authentification de cartouche de toner HP ; le processus de téléchargement vérifiera ces applications et, le cas échéant, invitera l'utilisateur à mettre à jour son système d'exploitation. Ces deux applications Microsoft sont déjà installées sur la plupart des systèmes d'exploitation.






	Dois-je mettre à jour le logiciel (micrologiciel) de mes imprimantes pour activer l'authentification avec le logiciel d'authentification de cartouche de toner HP ?

Il peut être nécessaire de mettre à jour le micrologiciel de certaines imprimantes LaserJet. (Si nécessaire, le logiciel lance la mise à jour du micrologiciel pendant le processus d'installation du logiciel.) 



Que se passe-t-il si j'ai besoin d'assistance pour plus d'informations sur les aspects techniques et l'installation de ce programme ?




Aller à www.hp.com/go/Learnaboutsupplies



	Une assistance supplémentaire est fournie via un lien d'assistance par e-mail (service gratuit qui constitue la meilleure solution pour les imprimantes hors garantie)








Informations sur le logiciel et aide

Penser à recycler votre cartouche d'impression HP usagée. Consulter www.hp.com/recycle pour des instructions. 

Cliquer ici pour afficher la liste des imprimantes/cartouches prises en charge par le logiciel d'authentification de cartouche de toner HP sur www2.hp.com/bizsupport/TechSupport/Document.jsp?&objectID=c02639296.
Des informations sur la sécurité des données et la confidentialité sont disponibles à www.hp.com/go/privacy.

Authentification et paramètres


Onglet Paramètres

Cliquez sur le bouton Actualiser pour mettre à jour le logiciel d'authentification de cartouche de toner HP pour ajouter les produits HP pris en charge les plus récents.


Authentification automatique : Le logiciel d'authentification de cartouche de toner HP authentifie automatiquement les cartouches lorsque vous les insérez. (paramètre par défaut)



Invitation d'authentification : Le logiciel d'authentification de cartouche de toner HP vous invite à authentifier les cartouches lorsque vous les insérez. 



	Authentification manuelle : Le logiciel d'authentification de cartouche de toner HP authentifie les cartouches lorsque vous ouvrez le logiciel, cliquez sur l'onglet Authentification et cliquez sur Envoyer. 



	Inscription maintenant : Votre produit HP prend en charge le logiciel d'authentification de cartouche de toner HP. Sélectionner cette option pour inscrire votre produit et commencer à authentifier les consommables comme des consommables HP authentiques.



	Mise à jour et inscription : Votre produit HP prend en charge le logiciel d'authentification de cartouche de toner HP, mais le produit a d'abord besoin d'une mise à jour. Sélectionner cette option pour mettre à jour le produit et commencer à authentifier les consommables comme des consommables HP authentiques. Le produit est automatiquement inscrit lorsque la mise à jour est terminée.




Onglet d'authentification

Cliquer sur le bouton Envoyer pour commencer à authentifier les consommables répertoriés. Ouvrir l'onglet Résultats pour afficher les résultats. Cliquer sur l'icône d'imprimante sur l'onglet Résultats pour afficher et imprimer une page de résultats.



Etat de la cartouche d'impression

Les messages d'état suivants peuvent s'afficher pour vos consommables de cartouche d'impression et de tambour d'imagerie :


HP authentique : Le consommable a été fabriqué par HP pour ce produit. 



	Pas authentique : Il est possible que le consommable ait été rechargé, remis à neuf, ou qu'il soit une contrefaçon. Si vous pensez que vous avez acheté un consommable authentique HP, veuillez consulter le site http://www.hp.com/go/anticounterfeit.



	Incompatible : Le consommable est destiné à un autre produit HP. Pour obtenir les meilleurs résultats, utiliser des consommables conçus pour ce produit. Lorsque vous utilisez un consommable incompatible, il est possible que le consommable ne fonctionne pas correctement dans votre produit ou que vous ne receviez pas de notification lorsque le niveau du consommable est faible. 



	Utilisé : Le consommable a été précédemment utilisé. Si vous pensez que vous avez acheté un consommable authentique HP neuf, veuillez consulter le site http://www.hp.com/go/anticounterfeit.



Pas authentifié : Le logiciel d'authentification de cartouche de toner HP n'a pas encore authentifié si ce consommable est un produit HP authentique. 



Authentification impossible : Si une icône "I" s'affiche en regard de ce message, la communication entre votre produit HP et le serveur HP est indisponible en ce moment. Vérifier que le périphérique est SOUS TENSION et connecté à Internet. Si le problème persiste, veuillez réessayer plus tard. 
Si une icône "x" apparaît en regard de ce message, le logiciel d'authentification de cartouche de toner HP ne peut pas authentifier le consommable. Cette cartouche ne contient pas la technologie d'authentification requise. Veuillez continuez à tenter d'authentifier à chaque fois que vous remplacez une cartouche.






Résultats d'authentification

Une fois que le logiciel d'authentification de cartouche de toner HP a vérifié vos consommables, vous verrez peut-être s'afficher l'un des messages suivants :


	Aucun risque détecté : Votre produit utilise des consommables HP authentiques.



Risques détectés : Votre produit utilise certains consommables HP authentiques, mais certains des consommables ne sont pas des consommables HP authentiques. Si vous pensez avoir acheté des consommables HP authentiques, veuillez consulter le site www.hp.com/go/anticounterfeit. 



	Cartouches non-HP détectées : Aucun des consommables n'est un consommable HP authentique. Si vous pensez avoir acheté des consommables HP authentiques, veuillez consulter le site www.hp.com/go/anticounterfeit. Pour comprendre les avantages de l'utilisation de consommables HP, consulter www.hp.com/go/learnaboutsupplies. 




Quels sont les avantages de l'utilisation des cartouches d'impression HP LaserJet d'origine par rapport aux cartouches non HP ?

Les cartouches d'impression HP LaserJet d'origine sont le choix idéal pour une fiabilité et une valeur supérieures. Consulter www.hp.com/go/toner pour plus de détails.



Messages d'erreur


Erreur de l'imprimante

Le logiciel d'authentification de cartouche de toner HP ne peut pas communiquer avec le produit. S'assurer que le produit n'est pas en veille ou qu'il est SOUS TENSION et connecté à votre ordinateur ou réseau. Cliquer sur Actualiser pour redémarrer le processus de découverte d'imprimante.



Erreur réseau

Le logiciel d'authentification de cartouche de toner HP ne peut pas se connecter à Internet. S'assurer que votre ordinateur est connecté à Internet, puis cliquer sur Actualiser pour redémarrer le processus de découverte d'imprimante.
Les erreurs réseau peuvent se produire entre votre ordinateur et la page Web HP. Vous devrez éventuellement revenir plus tard.



Authentification temporairement impossible

Vérifiez que votre produit est SOUS TENSION et connecté à Internet. Ce message peut apparaître pour diverses raisons. Par exemple, vous avez peut-être essayé d'authentifier la même cartouche trop de fois, ou vos cartouches ont le même numéro de série, ce qui peut indiquer que ces cartouches sont remises à neuf ou sont des produits de contrefaçon. Réessayer d'authentifier ultérieurement. 



Authentification impossible

Le logiciel d'authentification de cartouche de toner HP ne peut pas authentifier le consommable parce que des informations manquent ou que le format des données est incorrect.
 La cartouche que vous utilisez n'a pas la capacité d'exécuter la technologie d'authentification de cartouche de toner HP la plus récente.







Questions et réponses sur le dépannage technique


Cliquez ici pour accéder au document de Questions et réponses sur le dépannage technique de l'authentification de cartouche de toner HP sur h20000.www2.hp.com/bizsupport/TechSupport/Document.jsp?&objectID=c02725023.



Gagner et recevoir des récompenses

En fonction de votre pays/région, vous pouvez gagner des récompenses HP lorsque vous utilisez des consommables HP authentiques.
Une fois que le logiciel d'authentification de cartouche de toner HP a vérifié vos consommables, un bouton d'offre s'affiche si vous êtes éligible pour les récompenses. Cliquer sur le bouton d'offre pour vous connecter au site Web HP et faire votre choix parmi diverses récompenses. Vous serez peut-être invité à entrer une chaîne de caractères affichés sur l'écran avant de pouvoir continuer.

Qu'est-ce que le programme de récompenses HP ?

Le programme de récompenses HP est un REMERCIEMENT AUTHENTIQUE QUE HP VOUS ADRESSE. HP considère que ses clients sont précieux. Lorsque vous achetez des cartouches d'impression HP LaserJet d'origine, vous êtes éligible pour gagner diverses promotions et remises exceptionnelles. Pour gagner des récompenses, placer votre cartouche d'impression HP LaserJet d'origine dans votre imprimante et suivre les instructions. Les récompenses peuvent être utilisées une seule fois au moment de l'installation de la cartouche. Les récompenses peuvent changer au fil du temps et ne pas être disponibles dans tous les pays/toutes les régions.

Qui est éligible pour recevoir des récompenses ?

Dans certains pays/régions, les récompenses HP sont proposées aux clients qui téléchargent le logiciel d'authentification de cartouche de toner HP, achètent des cartouches d'impression HP LaserJet d'origine et possèdent une imprimante HP LaserJet qui prend en charge l'authentification numérique.



Questions et réponses de base sur les récompenses


Questions sur les récompenses pour les pays dans lesquels ces récompenses sont disponibles


Qu'est-ce que le programme de récompenses HP ?

Le programme de récompenses HP est un REMERCIEMENT AUTHENTIQUE QUE HP VOUS ADRESSE. HP considère que ses clients sont précieux. Lorsque vous achetez des cartouches d'impression HP LaserJet d'origine, vous êtes éligible pour gagner diverses promotions et remises exceptionnelles. Pour gagner des récompenses, placer votre cartouche d'impression HP LaserJet d'origine dans votre imprimante et suivre les instructions. Les récompenses peuvent être utilisées une seule fois au moment de l'installation de la cartouche. Les récompenses peuvent changer au fil du temps et ne pas être disponibles dans tous les pays/toutes les régions.



Qui est éligible pour recevoir des récompenses ? 

Dans certains pays, les récompenses HP sont proposées aux clients qui téléchargent le logiciel d'authentification de cartouche de toner HP, achètent des cartouches d'impression HP LaserJet d'origine et possèdent une imprimante HP LaserJet qui prend en charge l'authentification numérique.



Les clients recevront-ils des récompenses HP pour l'installation initiale de cartouches d'impression HP LaserJet fournies avec l'imprimante ?

Oui, dans certains pays qui offrent des récompenses.



Si le client reçoit une notification de récompense, doit-il agir immédiatement ?

Oui. Le client ne peut agir que lorsque le message contextuel est affiché.



Que se passe-t-il si l'imprimante est connectée à un réseau ? Qui obtient les récompenses ?

Lorsque plusieurs personnes sont connectées à l'imprimante et que le logiciel d'authentification est chargé sur leurs ordinateurs, toutes recevront les résultats d'authentification et le message contextuel d'offre de récompense HP sur leur ordinateur. Un seul ordinateur peut accepter le message contextuel de récompense HP par l'événement d'installation de cartouche.Cette application est destinée à n'être installée que sur l'ordinateur de la personne qui gère l'imprimante/la flotte d'imprimantes.



Que se passe-t-il si un pays ne propose pas les offres de récompenses HP ?

Certains pays n'offrent pas les récompenses HP. Dans de tels cas, l'authentification continuera à fonctionner et à vérifier si la cartouche est une cartouche d'impression HP d'origine.



Si le client participe à un programme de récompenses basé sur les achats, peut-il également participer au programme de récompenses HP ?

Oui, dans les pays applicables, le client est éligible pour accepter les récompenses HP, même s'il participe à d'autres programmes de récompense HP ou revendeurs basés sur leurs achats.



Un client peut-il retirer et réinstaller la cartouche pour obtenir plusieurs récompenses ?

Non - la cartouche sera déclenchée une fois ; tout retrait et réinstallation ultérieure de la cartouche ne déclencheront pas d'autre récompense. Le client sera informé que la cartouche a été installée précédemment.



Si vous installez plusieurs cartouches en même temps, pourrez-vous bénéficier de plusieurs récompenses ?

Non. Lorsque vous installez plusieurs cartouches en même temps, vous ne recevez qu'un message contextuel vous liant au site de récompenses pour pouvoir bénéficier de ces récompenses.



Que se passe-t-il si j'ai installé une cartouche d'impression HP LaserJet d'origine, mais qu'aucune récompense ne m'a été proposée ? Pourquoi cela peut-il se produire ? 

Il y a plusieurs raisons possibles :

	Vous avez quitté le site des récompenses ou fermé la fenêtre de récompenses avant de réclamer une récompense. La page des récompenses s'affiche la première fois que vous imprimez après avoir installé de nouvelles cartouches d'impression HP LaserJet d'origine.


	Il est possible que votre imprimante ne soit pas éligible pour le programme de récompenses en ce moment. Votre imprimante doit utiliser des cartouches d'impression HP LaserJet d'origine pour être éligible, et vous devez avoir installé le logiciel d'authentification de Cartouche de toner HP sur votre ordinateur connecté. 


	Il est possible que la cartouche soit une cartouche non HP ou remise à neuf. Le programme de récompenses est éligible lors de l'achat et de l'utilisation de cartouches neuves et est activé lorsque vous placez une cartouche d'impression HP LaserJet neuve d'origine dans votre imprimante. 


	Il est possible que la cartouche ait été installée précédemment dans une imprimante. Une fois que la cartouche a été authentifiée, elle ne peut plus déclencher de récompense après le retrait et la réinstallation.


	Si vous utilisez une imprimante partagée ou en réseau, il est possible qu'un autre utilisateur du réseau ait réclamé la récompense ou ait fermé la fenêtre de récompenses HP. 


	Il est possible que les récompenses ne soient pas disponibles dans votre pays ou région. 


	Il est possible que la cartouche soit vieille et ne présente pas la puce correcte.










Télécharger le logiciel d'authentification de cartouche de toner HP


Cliquer ici pour être transféré au site Web sur lequel vous pouvez télécharger le logiciel d'authentification de cartouche HP (www.hp.com/go/TonerCheck).



Assistance par e-mail


Cliquer ici pour obtenir l'assistance par e-mail pour le logiciel d'authentification de cartouche HP à www.hp.com/sbso/product/supplies/toner-authentication/contact.html.












Z7_3054ICK0KGTE30AQO5O3KA3016






hp-feedback-input-portlet



Actions





${title}



Chargement...










 



















Z7_3054ICK0KGTE30AQO5O3KA3015






hp-online-communities-portlet



Actions





${title}



Chargement...










 







Demandez à la communauté !










            Forum d'assistance
            
Prenez part aux conversations ! Trouvez des solutions, posez des questions et partagez des conseils avec d'autres propriétaires de produits HP. 
                Visiter maintenant











Z7_3054ICK0KGTE30AQO5O3KA30H4






hp-feedback-banner-portlet



Actions





${title}



Chargement...










 












Z7_3054ICK0KGTE30AQO5O3KA30H5






hp-country-locator-portlet



Actions





${title}



Chargement...










 










Pays :

Suisse













Sélectionnez un lieu






Amérique




Europe, Moyen-Orient et Afrique




Asie-Pacifique et Océanie











Sélectionnez une langue





 







Confirmer 
Retour













Z7_M0I02JG0KOT530A6KJKFRQ0816






hp-detect-load-my-device-portlet



Actions





${title}



Chargement...










 























dl5/d5/L2dBISEvZ0FBIS9nQSEh/pw/Z7_M0I02JG0KOT530A6KJKFRQ0816/res/id=updateGlobalDataLayer/c=cacheLevelPage/=/








Périphériques en cours de détection










Chargement en cours...








Politique de confidentialité
© Copyright 2017 HP Development Company, L.P.







Vérification de votre produit en cours











Politique de confidentialité
© Copyright 2017 HP Development Company, L.P.








Périphériques détectés 






Local :




Connecté :




Réseau :





Vous ne voyez pas votre produit ? Raisons pour lesquelles HP ne trouve peut-être pas votre produit







Politique de confidentialité
© Copyright 2017 HP Development Company, L.P.








Périphériques détectés (0)


Produit introuvable
HP n'a pas pu trouver votre produit: 





Vous ne voyez pas votre produit ? Raisons pour lesquelles HP ne trouve peut-être pas votre produit





Politique de confidentialité
© Copyright 2017 HP Development Company, L.P.








Détection automatique - Produit non détecté





Pourquoi mon produit n'a-t-il pas été détecté ?
Raisons possibles pour lesquelles vous n'obtenez pas les résultats attendus :

Votre produit HP n'est pas pris en charge par cet outil. Consultez la liste ci-dessous.
Votre produit directement connecté est éteint.
Votre produit directement connecté est en mode veille.
Le câble USB ou parallèle n'est pas connecté.
Votre imprimante sans fil n'est pas sous tension ou elle est mal connectée au produit.
Le nom/numéro de produit est proche de la valeur affichée sur le produit, mais ne correspond pas à celle-ci.
La liste contient des produits que vous n'utilisez plus ou qui ne sont plus connectés ou en réseau.

Remarque : Après avoir vérifié et/ou corrigé les éléments ci-dessus, cliquez sur le bouton « Réessayer ».


Produits HP non pris en charge
Les catégories de produits suivantes ne sont pas incluses à l'heure actuelle :

Appareils photo numériques
Smartphone/PC de poche non iPAQ
Calculatrices
Claviers, accessoires et options
Écrans et écrans plats
Consommables d'imprimante
Serveurs
Logiciels
Stockage

Remarque :Certains produits plus anciens ne sont peut-être pas pris en charge à l'heure actuelle.
Certains paramètres du navigateur peuvent vous empêcher d'utiliser cet outil et d'autres outils basés sur ActiveX.
Les PC de poche sont détectés via le logiciel ActiveSync du PC.
Configuration requise :

Système d'exploitation : Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 8.1, Windows 10
Navigateur : Google Chrome 10+, Internet Explorer (IE)10.0+ et Firefox 3.6.x, 12.0+





Politique de confidentialité
© Copyright 2017 HP Development Company, L.P.







Vérification du service





Recherche de la dernière version du service en cours. Veuillez patienter...
Cette opération devrait prendre moins d'une minute selon la configuration de votre ordinateur et votre vitesse de connexion.





Politique de confidentialité
© Copyright 2017 HP Development Company, L.P.







Charger le logiciel





Un logiciel supplémentaire est nécessaire pour continuer
Cette opération prendra environ 2 minutes.

Cliquez sur le bouton pour lancer l'installation, puis suivez les instructions à l'écran. 

Remarque : * Comment HP utilise-t-il les données sur les produits collectées par ce service ?
Installer


Vous rencontrez des problèmes d'installation ? Consultez les instructions complètes





Politique de confidentialité
© Copyright 2017 HP Development Company, L.P.







Vérification de votre produit en cours
La détection de votre produit est en cours. Veuillez patienter






















Chargement en cours...








Politique de confidentialité
© Copyright 2017 HP Development Company, L.P.










Nous avons détecté les périphériques ci-dessous:

Local :




Connecté :




Réseau :





Vous ne voyez pas votre produit ? Raisons pour lesquelles HP ne trouve peut-être pas votre produit







Politique de confidentialité
© Copyright 2017 HP Development Company, L.P.







Analyse des solutions
HP compile vos résultats. Cette opération peut prendre jusqu'à 3 minutes, selon la configuration de votre ordinateur et votre vitesse de connexion. Merci de votre patience.








Politique de confidentialité
© Copyright 2017 HP Development Company, L.P.












Collecte de données à des fins de diagnostic et de solution





Cet outil installe sur votre appareil Microsoft Windows un logiciel qui permet à HP de détecter vos produits HP et Compaq et de collecter des données à leur sujet afin de vous offrir un accès rapide aux infos de support et aux solutions recommandées. Des données techniques sont collectées sur les produits pris en charge et utilisées pour identifier les produits, fournir des solutions  et mettre à jour cet outil, afin d'améliorer nos produits, solutions et services, ainsi que l'expérience client.
Remarque : Cet outil est uniquement compatible avec les PC Microsoft Windows. Il détecte les PC HP et les imprimantes HP. 
Données collectées :

Système d'exploitation
Version du navigateur
Fournisseur de l'ordinateur
Nom/numéro de produit
Numéro de série
Port de connexion
Description du pilote/périphérique
Configuration de l'ordinateur et/ou de l'imprimante
Diagnostics matériels et logiciels
Encre HP/non-HP et/ou toner HP/non-HP
Nombre de pages imprimées

Détails sur le logiciel installé :

HP Support Solutions Framework - Service Windows, serveur Web localhost et logiciel 

Suppression du logiciel installé :

Supprimez « HP Support Solutions Framework » via l'option Ajout/Suppression de programmes du PC 

Configuration requise :

Système d'exploitation : Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 8.1, Windows 10
Navigateur : Google Chrome 10+, Internet Explorer (IE)10.0+ et Firefox 3.6.x, 12.0+





Politique de confidentialité
© Copyright 2017 HP Development Company, L.P.












Produits retirés du marché





Le produit que vous avez sélectionné a été retiré du marché et les services de support pour celui-ci ne sont plus fournis par HP depuis plusieurs années.
                  Une fois qu'un produit a atteint la fin de la durée de vie de son support, toute la documentation d'assistance HP officielle concernant ce produit (articles de dépannage, manuels de l'utilisateur, vidéos de procédures, etc.) est supprimée du site Web HP.
Remarque : Il est possible que d'autres documents d'assistance soient toujours disponibles via les Forums HP ou sur des sites Web tiers ; cependant, HP décline toute responsabilité en ce qui concerne le contenu créé par des tiers.
Vous souhaitez voir la liste des produits retirés du marché classés par catégorie ?
Consultez la page des produits HP retirés du marché >
Retour à la liste des produits >





Politique de confidentialité
© Copyright 2017 HP Development Company, L.P.








N° de modèle :
N° de série :
Trouver des solutions
Sélectionner
ou



Détecter vos produits en un seul clic
Détecter le produit

Trouvez vos produits ainsi que les logiciels et pilotes recommandés.
Comment procède HP pour installer le logiciel et collecter les données ?









 

















Complementary Content








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Haier Appliance Products, L.P.                                                                                           - Louisville                                        , KY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



KY



Louisville



Industrial Valves



Manufacturing - Boiler Gauge Cocks



                            Haier Appliance Products, L.P.
                                    



 





















H 


Haier Appliance Products, L.P.                                                                                          
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



APPLIANCE PARK BLDG 35 LOUISVILLE, KY 40225
Get Directions



(502) 452-5658
 





Business Info



 Founded 2016
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $3,027,265.00
 Employee Count 9
 Industries Manufacturing - Boiler Gauge Cocks
 Contacts Charles Blankenship                                                                                                     







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2016, Haier Appliance Products, L.p.                                                                                           has been providing Manufacturing - Boiler Gauge Cocks from Louisville. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







H

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















L&P Machine Products                                                                                                     - Carthage                                          , MO         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MO



Carthage



Industrial Machinery, Nec



Manufacturing - Machine Shop, Jobbing And Repair



                            L&P Machine Products
                                    



 





















L 


L&P Machine Products                                                                                                    
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1129 W FAIRVIEW AVE CARTHAGE, MO 64836
Get Directions



(417) 358-8131
 





Business Info



 Founded 2005
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $68,094.00
 Employee Count 3
 Industries Manufacturing - Machine Shop, Jobbing And Repair
 Contacts  







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2005 the company has been providing Manufacturing - Machine Shop, Jobbing And Repair. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







L

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















4 common misunderstandings about products liability claims in Ohio | Bashein & Bashein Company, L.P.A. | 























































  Menu
                            



contact
                            





Free Initial Consultations
888-340-5284
216-539-8437





  view our practice areas
            






You are here: 


Home


Articles

4 common misunderstandings about products liability claims in Ohio



                        4 common misunderstandings about products liability claims in Ohio
                    

People who have suffered injuries while using defective products should avoid these damaging misconceptions about products liability claims. Under Ohio law, people who suffer injuries while using defective and unreasonably dangerous products may have grounds to seek recompense from the manufacturer. Unfortunately, some injury victims may fail to exercise this right because they suffer from misunderstandings about state products liability laws. It's critical for people in Cleveland to understand the following common sources of confusion so that they can avoid making harmful legal decisions based on misconceptions.1. Nature of defectsMany people believe a product is only defective if it has an unsafe design or if it was produced incorrectly due to errors in assembly, reconstruction or testing. However, the Ohio Revised Code provides that items can also be considered defective and dangerous products based on the following grounds:The manufacturer failed to accurately represent the safety, nature or quality of the product.The product did not include adequate instructions for safe usage.The manufacturer failed to warn consumers about risks associated with using the product.To make a products liability claim, injury victims need only establish that one of these defects existed.2. Awareness of riskMany people do not realize that a products liability claim may be justified even if a manufacturer did not know the product in question was dangerous. State law holds that a manufacturer may be considered liable if a product introduces a risk that the manufacturer should reasonably have anticipated. A judge may consider the unique knowledge of the manufacturer, along with the level of understanding that any manufacturer should reasonably possess, to determine whether this is the case.3. Effects of modificationsFor related reasons, a person's decision to modify a product does not necessarily preclude him or her from seeking recourse. A manufacturer might not be considered liable if a person renders a product dangerous while making a novel alteration that would have been difficult for the manufacturer to anticipate. If a manufacturer could reasonably have foreseen that consumers would make a certain alteration or modification, however, the manufacturer may still be considered liable.4. Need for direct evidenceA final common misconception is that a products liability claim can't proceed without direct evidence that the product in question was defective. State law acknowledges that in some cases this may not be possible; as an example, defective products that cause explosions or fires may not be recoverable afterward. If a product was destroyed, or if other extenuating circumstances exist, injury victims may use circumstantial evidence to show that the product was defective.Limiting further misunderstandingsThese misconceptions about products liability claims, which are just a few of the common misunderstandings about this area of law, underscore why people who might have grounds for such claims should consider seeking legal advice. An attorney may be able to help a person better understand the relevant laws and legal precedents. An attorney may also be able to assist a person in documenting product defects and gathering other evidence needed to support a legal claim.







Legal News


Recent Media Coverage


Articles







Search











email us for a response
                

Let’s Do This Together. 
                        Do you have a case?



Bold labels are required.
    










Contact Information

Name




Email Address


Please enter a valid email address.




Phone

Please enter a valid phone number. You may use 0-9, spaces and the ( ) - + characters.




Brief description of your legal issue





Please verify that you have read the disclaimer.



I have read the 
                        disclaimer.



disclaimer.
                




The use of the Internet or this form for communication with the firm or any individual member of the firm does not establish an attorney-client relationship. Confidential or time-sensitive information should not be sent through this form.
close




Privacy Policy




























Review Us







 50 Public Square 
                     Terminal Tower, 35th Floor 
                    

Cleveland, 
                OH
44113



Toll Free: 
                888-340-5284



Phone: 
                216-539-8437



Fax: 
                216-781-5876


 Cleveland Law Office Map 




Contact Our Firm

























 

Recompense Lp - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/216922-recompense-lpsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=216922  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Recompense LpCompany DetailsGet alertedif Recompense Lp gets funded!Recompense LpFunding history Key peopleCountry:City:Cayman IslandsGrand CaymanIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors November 3rd, 2015$26,855,000-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Recompense Lp gets funded?Key peopleRobin ShahExecutive Officer= Tenor Capital Management Company, L.P.Promoter- Tenor Opportunity Associates, LLCExecutive OfficerPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!