

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

































 



 Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. Delivering Low Cost, Emission Free Power with its Heat Recovery 
         










    










 






 











 









Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. Delivering Low Cost, Emission Free Power with its Heat Recovery Solutions Clean Cycle™ Generator acquired from General Electric International, Inc.

Mar 01, 2016, 09:00 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


COSTA MESA, Calif., March 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. (OTC: CETY), recently announced its acquisition of Heat Recovery Solutions assets, patents & licenses from General Electric International, Inc. This proprietary Magnetic Bearing Turbine Technology will serve as the foundation of the Company's new focus on clean energy and environmentally sustainable technologies.
The Heat Recovery Solutions system (HRS) captures waste heat from a variety of sources and turns it into electricity that users can use or sell back to the grid. There are currently more than 100 units installed by GE globally with more than 1,000,000 fleet operating hours.
Heat Recovery Solutions Clean CycleTM heat-to-power generator is a compact, modular system that converts waste heat – from an array of heat sources – into power. The conversion process requires no additional fuel, produces no additional emissions, and delivers base-load power that may be used on-site or sold to the grid.
HRS Clean Cycle is designed for reciprocating engine, Biomass and Gas Turbine applications and generates electricity in a process called the Organic Rankine Cycle (ORC). The process is similar to the steam cycle, except that the ORC uses a working fluid (in place of water) with a lower boiling point, enabling access to a greater range of heat sources.
Many things generate heat, but a common, easy to access source is the exhaust from power generation equipment. 3/5 of the primary energy used in power plants becomes waste heat. The United States industrial sector accounts for 1/3 of all energy used in the United States. During these manufacturing processes, as much as 20 to 50% of the energy consumed is ultimately lost via waste heat contained in streams of hot exhaust gases and liquids. Heat is the only input required for the Clean Cycle unit to generate electricity, one unit generates 140KWH of electricity and avoids 196,000 liters of diesel / year per engine.
"There's a huge global potential of heat to power market in the fuel fired reciprocating engines, boilers and geothermal application. We offer a proven, proprietary technology to recover a significant portion of this lost energy. This technology increases efficiency, reduces costs, increases revenue and lowers the carbon footprint of existing production facilities and processes. Acquiring a proven, proprietary clean technology product that we can offer worldwide to a significant addressable market solidifies the Company's strategy to be a clean energy technology solutions provider," said Kam Mahdi, CEO of CETI.
About Clean Energy Technologies, Inc.
Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. designs, builds and markets clean energy products focused on energy efficiency and environmentally sustainable technologies. The Company's principal product is the Clean CycleTM generator, offered by Heat Recovery Solutions, or HRS www.heatrecoverysolutions.com.  The Company's engineering and manufacturing resources support its heat recovery solutions business, as well as continuing to support other Clean Energy emerging growth companies with their technologies. CETI is positioned to become a worldwide leader in ever expanding energy efficiency market. Headquartered in Costa Mesa, California, the Company's common stock is currently traded on the OTC Market under the symbol CETY.  For more information, visit www.ceti.io or www.heatrecoverysolutions.com. 
This release contains certain forward-looking statements (under Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and is subject to the Safe Harbor created by those sections. Because such statements include risks, uncertainties and contingencies, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.  These risks, uncertainties and contingencies include, but are not limited to, the following: uncertainties relating to changes in general economic and market conditions; uncertainties relating to technology performance; uncertainties relating to market acceptance and adoption of the Company's products and competitive products; uncertainties and liabilities relating to the acquisition of business assets, technologies or companies; and other risk factors as outlined in the Company's periodic reports, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Forward-looking statements in this document speak only as of the date on which such statements were made, and we undertake no obligation to update any such statements that may become untrue because of subsequent events.  
Contact: Clean Energy Technologies, Inc.  Kam Mahdi, CEO 949-273-4990 X814 kmahdi@ceti.io or: Clean Energy Technologies, Inc.  John Bennett, CFO 949-273-4990 X807 jbennett@ceti.io 
 
 SOURCE  Clean Energy Technologies, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.ceti.io



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Apr 05, 2016, 09:00 ET
Preview: New Waste-to-Energy Tennessee Plant Will Feature Power Generation Technology from Clean Energy Technologies® (CETY)













Feb 09, 2016, 09:52 ET
Preview: Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. Announces FINRA Approval of Name Change, Symbol Change






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More





Jun 01, 2017, 12:53 ET
Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. to Participate in this year's...








Jun 01, 2017, 12:53 ET
Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. Secures New Order for Waste...








Jun 01, 2017, 12:53 ET
Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. Establishes CETY Europe Sales and...











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


  



AIRTech  Home » AIRTech





























































Ensuring a better future
 

 




 


— Main Menu —About Us
Team
Solutions
Markets
Products
News/Media
Testimonials
Contact
About Us
Team
Solutions
Markets
Products
News/Media
Testimonials
Contact
 


 
 
 
  Targeting Solutions  that ensure a better environmental future  Targeting Solutions  that ensure a better environmental future  Targeting Solutions  that ensure a better environmental future  Targeting Solutions  that ensure a better environmental future  Targeting Solutions  that ensure a better environmental future   




AIRTech Cares
The Concept
Product in Action
The Big IdeaThe PrototypeWelcome to AIRTech ProductsENSURING A BETTER FUTURE
We are innovating markets by introducing leading edge, cost-effective “green” foams that are setting new standards in clean water, clean air, and energy efficiency, while reducing dependence on petroleum-based products.Our Mission AIRTech’s mission is to become the recognized leader in bringing environmentally safe, oil absorbing foam products to market. 
AnnouncementsAIRTech Foam receives approval to be used in all California waterways by California Department of Fish and Wildlife.
News/MediaAIRTech is on the cutting edge of bringing the most exciting plant-based biopolymer foams to numerous industries. Stay tuned for exciting developments as they unfold.Our ValuesWe value building relationships and products that provide a win-win outcome for our investors, customers and strategic partners while making a positive impact on our environment.  

 
 
  





 
Advanced Innovative Recovery Technologies, Inc.(AIRTech, Inc.)
23101 Lake Center Drive, Suite 100,
Lake Forest, CA 92630
Phone: 949-273-8100
Inquiries: info@airtechfoam.com
Our Partners www.b3boards.com
www.facebook.com/bebetterboards
www.cleanmybay.com
www.puranaturalsproducts.com
www.facebook.com/puranaturals

 
 




								© Copyright 2014 Advanced Innovative Recovery Technologies, Inc. (AIRTech, Inc.) , BeBetter Foam™ 							




 
 
 



















GlyEco Announces Acquisition of WEBA Technology Corp. and Recovery Solutions & Technologies Inc. | SproutNews






























 










GlyEco Announces Acquisition of WEBA Technology Corp. and Recovery Solutions & Technologies Inc.
Acquisition will Create a Leading Provider of Vertically Integrated Glycol Solutions
ROCK HILL, SC / ACCESSWIRE / December 27, 2016 / GlyEco, Inc. (OTC PINK: GLYE) (“GlyEco” or the “Company”), a leader in sustainable glycol technologies, announced agreements today to acquire WEBA Technology Corp. (“WEBA”), a privately-owned company that develops, manufactures, and markets additive packages for the antifreeze/coolant, gas patch coolants, and heat transfer industries; and Recovery Solutions &amp; Technologies Inc. (“RS&amp;T”), a privately-owned company involved in the development and commercialization of glycol recovery technology. In addition, RS&amp;T has signed an agreement to purchase certain glycol distillation assets from Union Carbide Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Dow Chemical Company (“Dow”), at Institute, West Virginia, with the transaction expected to close on December 28, 2016, subject to customary closing conditions.
The combination of GlyEco, WEBA, and RS&amp;T brings together leading, complementary components to form a leading provider of vertically integrated glycol solutions, well positioned to shape the future of glycol production, process technology, and product delivery. The combined Company will manage a broad continuum of ethylene glycol solutions, including retail direct delivery and pick-up, ASTM E1177 Type EG-1 engine coolant grade ethylene glycol production, and the ability to formulate unique additive products to produce finished fluids that meet ASTM and industry specifications. 
Mr. Ian Rhodes, Chief Executive Officer and President, said, “At GlyEco, we have been actively advancing our glycol-focused strategies, while WEBA has been diversifying and building its national additive product lines for making antifreeze/coolant for light-duty automotive to heavy-duty diesel vehicles, and water/glycol heat transfer fluids for HVAC heating and air conditioning systems. Our two organizations complement each other in a way few others could, and the glycol distillation assets RS&amp;T will acquire will allow us to become the first vertically integrated glycol solutions provider in North America.” 
Mr. Rhodes continued, “This acquisition strategy will accelerate our collective ability to positively impact ethylene glycol production and delivery across the country. The transaction and related human resources will significantly increase our ability to implement and improve on our patented technology and better service our expanding client relationships in our direct delivery, bulk, and service verticals. Our Company competes in a highly-fragmented marketplace and we will now have the critical first mover advantage to capitalize on reselling opportunities across our various offerings, and generate significant value for our shareholders. We are excited for the future and look forward to the opportunity to combine the resources of these great companies.”
The Company expects to finance these transactions with cash on hand and debt, including a private placement of notes.
About GlyEco, Inc. 
GlyEco is a collector, manufacturer, and distributor of glycol products sold to automotive and industrial customers throughout the United States. Our six facilities deliver superior quality glycol products through a fully-integrated solutions platform. We are dedicated to providing solutions, not just products: consistent, timely, and customized service; environmentally safe handling of waste; product and technology education; and technical performance support.
For further information, please visit: http://www.glyeco.com
About GlyEco West Virginia (Glycol Solutions Center) 
The facility is uniquely designed to process industrial waste glycol. Once acquired, the unit will be utilized as the only currently active process that produces a product that both meets the virgin glycol antifreeze grade specification, ASTM E1177 EG-1, and achieves the important aesthetic requirement for most applications of having no odor. It will be the largest glycol re-distillation plant in North America, with a capacity of 14-20 million gallons per year, several times higher processing capacity than the next largest glycol recycling facility.
The facility is located at the Dow Institute Site in Institute, WV.
About WEBA Technology Corp.
WEBA Technology develops, manufactures, and markets additive packages for the antifreeze/coolant, gas patch coolants, and heat transfer fluid industry. Our strengths are our ability to formulate unique products, combined with extensive manufacturing process design skills and an outstanding reputation in our markets. Our additive package product line includes one-step additive systems and standardized treat rates for making antifreeze/coolants for automobiles and heavy-duty diesel equipment, and glycol/water heat transfer fluids. 
Our staff has over 45 years’ experience in the chemical field, including direct experience with reclamation of all types of glycols, distillation systems, Nano-filtration, and other types of pre-, post- and the actual processing of glycols. Our additive packages have passed the rigorous testing provided by ASTM (American Society of Testing Materials www.astm.org).
Safe Harbor Statement 
This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of risks and uncertainties impacting the Company’s business including, increased competition; the ability of the Company to expand its operations through either acquisitions or internal growth, to attract and retain qualified professionals, and to expand commercial relationships; technological obsolescence; general economic conditions; and other risks detailed from time to time in the Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Contact:
GlyEco, Inc.
Ian Rhodes
Chief Executive Officer, President and Interim Chief Financial Officerirhodes@glyeco.com 
866-960-1539
SOURCE: GlyEco, Inc.
ReleaseID: 451812


Go Top


Copyright © 1999-2013 SproutNews.com


Privacy Policy
Terms of Services

















	GlyEco to Buy WEBA Technology Corp. and Recovery Solutions & Technologies Inc.






































Home 
About Us 
Contact Us 
Careers 
  
 

































Competition












Home
News Description









GlyEco to Buy WEBA Technology Corp. and Recovery Solutions & Technologies Inc.  United States: GlyEco, an Arizona based sustainable
glycol technologies supplier announced the acquisition plan of Wisconsin based
EBA Technology Corp. (manufacturer of antifreeze additives and inhibitors for
ethylene glycol based antifreeze and coolants) and Arizona based Recovery
Solutions & Technologies Inc. (involved in development and commercialization
of glycol recovery technology). This acquisition will be beneficial in terms of
management of broad array of ethylene glycol solutions such as production of ASTM
E1177 Type EG-1 engine coolant grade ethylene glycol, formulation of additive
products to manufacture finished fluids that meet ASTM and industry
specifications and direct delivery and pick-up of ethylene glycol in retail
setups. As per GlyEco’s Chief Executive Officer and President, Mr. Ian Rhodes,
the combined company will also become the first vertically integrated glycol
solutions provider across North America.
TechSci Research depicts that
this acquisition would strategically drive the ethylene glycol production and
its delivery across North America. This would further accelerate the growth of
de-icing fluids market across the globe. 
According to the recently
published report by TechSci Research,
“Global
De-icing Fluids Market  By Type (Type I, Type II, Type III & Type IV), By Application
(Commercial & Non Commercial), By Composition (Ethylene Glycol &
Propylene Glycol), By Region, By Company Forecast & Opportunities, 2021”,
global market for de-icing fluids is projected to grow at a CAGR of over 5%
during 2016 - 2021. Growth in global de-icing fluids market is projected to be
underpinned by rising investments by private companies and supportive
government initiatives to boost aviation industry across major global
economies. North America and Europe accounted for a cumulative share of more
than 85% in the global de-icing fluids market, and the dominance of both
regions is expected to continue over the next five years. Increasing expenditure
on research and development by companies operating in the global de-icing
fluids market is anticipated to result in rollout of new products and
technologies in the coming years, which is expected to have a positive impact
on the global de-icing market. Few of the major players operating in global
de-icing fluids market include Clariant International Ltd., The Dow Chemical
Company, Kilfrost, Proviron Holding NV, Cryotech Deicing Technology, LNT
Solutions, LyondellBasell Industries NV, and Integrated Deicing Services, LLC. 


Relevant ReportsView all ReportsIndia Cleaning Chemicals Market By Product Type (Laundry, Floor Cleaners, etc.), By End Use Sector (Residential, Institutional and Industrial), By Sale Channel (Indirect Vs. Direct), By Region, Competition Forecast and Opportunities,  Chemicals | Jun, 2017Growing focus towards cleanliness, increasing number of initiatives and campaigns to promote cleanliness coupled with rising stringent government regulations to fuel demand for cleaning chemicals in India through 2026
India Electronic Chemicals & Materials Market, By Type (Wet Chemicals, etc.), By Application (Semiconductors & Integrated Circuits (IC), etc.), By Form (Solid, Liquid and Gaseous), By Region (North India, etc.), Competition Forecast and Opportunities,  2012-2026Jun, 2017Vietnam Construction Chemicals Market, By End Use Sector (Real Estate and Infrastructure), By Segment (Concrete Admixture, Water Proofing Chemicals, Flooring Chemicals, Repair, etc.), By Region, Competition Forecast & Opportunities,  2012-2026Jun, 2017
Relevant NewsView all News How Dilution of the Clean Water Act May Affect Treatment Chemicals Market in America Jun, 2017 The Clean Water Act of 1972 has done a remarkable job in maintaining water standards in the US. However, a dilution in the amendment would lead to lower quality standards and lax enforcement, thus af Leather Chemicals Market in India to Cross $1.2 Billion by 2026 May, 2017 Growing demand for leather and finished leather goods along with supportive government policies and booming footwear & accessories industry to drive leather chemicals market in India through 2026 Real Estate Regulatory Act: A Major Growth Driver for India Construction Chemicals Market May, 2017 Implementation of the long awaited Real Estate Regulatory Act is expected to bring a paradigm shift in the functioning of India real estate industry.







 






All Rights Reserved © TechSci Research














                            User Login 






                                    User Name:*







                                        Password:*















                                                    Please wait…







Not here before? Sign Up 













                            User Registration 






                                Name*







                                    Email*







                                        Password:*







                                            Gender


                                                        Male    
                                                    

                                                            Female







                                                Country*

--Select Country--
 India
 United States
Afghanistan
Afghanistan
Akrotiri and Dhekelia
Åland
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Ascension Island
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
Flomaton
Florala
Florence
Foley
Forest Home
Forkland
Fort Davis
Fort Deposit
Fort Mitchell
Fort Payne
Fosters
France
Franklin
Frankville
French Polynesia
Frisco City
Fruitdale
Fruithurst
Fulton
Fultondale
Furman
Fyffe
Gabon
Gadsden
Gambia
Gaza Strip
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Glorioso Islands
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Jan Mayen
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Juan de Nova Island
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea-North
Korea-South
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malavi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Nagorno-Karabakh
Namibia
Namibia Antilles
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Cyprus
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin 
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
São Tomé and Príncipe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
Somaliland
South Africa
South Ossetia
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Transnistria
Trinidad and Tobago
Tristan da Cunha
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United Nations
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, United States
Wake Island
Wallis and Futuna
West Bank
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe







                                                    State*

--Select--







                                                        City*

--Select--







                                                            Zip Code*






                                                                Contact No.*






                                                                    Mobile*





                                                                        Type the characters you see in the text below.






Letters are not case-sensitive 








                                                                                I accept 
                                                                                    terms & conditions of TechSci Research.















                                                                                        Please wait…

























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















About Us | Clean Energy Technologies, Inc.


















































Select Page


  
 



 



 






About Us

Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. is a clean energy and environmentally sustainable technologies company offering heat recovery solutions products and also providing engineering and manufacturing solutions focused on other energy efficient and environmental sustainable technologies. The Company’s principal product is the Clean Cycle TM generator, offered by Heat Recovery Solutions, or HRS www.heatrecoverysolutions.com. The Company’s engineering and manufacturing resources support its heat recovery solutions business, as well as continuing to support other emerging growth companies with their Clean-tech technologies. The Company intends to identify other technologies or companies for acquisition and integration to its Clean Tech focused engineering and manufacturing platform. Headquartered in Costa Mesa, California, the Company’s common stock is currently traded on the OTC Market under the symbol CETY.

 
 
 
 



Search for:



 Recent Posts 
Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. to Participate in this year’s 26th Annual Pacific Power Association  Conference
Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. Secures New Order for Waste Biomass Application in Europe
Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. Establishes CETY Europe Sales and Service Center
Three CETY Clean Cycle™ Systems Commissioned as Part of Aries Clean Energy’s Waste-to-Energy Facility
CETY Closes $420,000 Investment from Cybernaut Zfounder Ventures to Support Its Continued Growth and Facilitate CETY’s Pursuit of its China-based Joint Venture

   
 
 
 
 
 
 





















Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. | Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. OTC QB: (CETY)


















































Select Page


  
 



 



 









 
 









 
 






 




Clean Energy Technologies

Focused on Energy Efficiency and Environmental Sustainability.

 
 
 
 






 

About
Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. designs, builds and markets clean energy products focused on energy efficiency and environmentally sustainable technologies. The Company’s principal product is the Clean Cycle TM generator, offered by Heat Recovery Solutions, or HRS www.heatrecoverysolutions.com. The Heat Recovery Solutions system captures waste heat from a variety of sources and turns it into electricity that users can use or sell back to the grid. CETY’s proven cutting-edge technology allows any commercial or industrial heat generators to boost their overall energy efficiency with no fuel, no pollutants and virtually no maintenance. Company’s engineering and manufacturing resources support its heat recovery solutions business, as well as continuing to support other Clean Energy emerging growth companies with their technologies. CETY is positioned to become a worldwide leader in ever expanding energy efficiency market.

 
 


Press Releases



Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. to Participate in this year’s 26th Annual Pacific Power Association  Conference
 Jul 19, 2017  |  Press Release Costa Mesa, California, (July 19, 2017) Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. (OTC: CETY) is proud to be a member of the Pacific Power Association and exhibiting at this year’s 26th Annual PPA Conference which will be hosted by Electric Power Corporation in Apia, Samoa. The...

 

Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. Secures New Order for Waste Biomass Application in Europe
 Jul 14, 2017  |  Press Release, Uncategorized Costa Mesa, California, (July 12, 2017) Clean Energy Technologies, Inc. (OTC: CETY) announced today that its subsidiary Heat Recovery Solutions has secured a new Clean Cycle TM generator order for a Waste Biomass application in Europe. The contract was secured in the...

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 













 



Waste Water Treatment Solutions - Recovery and Recycling




























































 
Neutralization Calculations

Waste Water Neutralization Calculations_U S


  Eco Friendly Facilities DeliveredEngineers, Scientists and ContractorsCreating a Sustainable Environment for Generations to ComeDesigned for a Sustainable Environment   
 








Best Service Provider for You
Solutions Recovery International (SRI) is a full service engineering company capable of providing Mechanical, Electrical, Chemical, Civil, structural engineering and Fire Safety and code compliance services. Depending upon the scope of project SRI can also provide turnkey services for Semiconductor, Plating, PCB, Dairy and Winery industries. SRI is committed to client satisfaction through providing the most innovative engineering solutions and customer service.
 Know More
































We are Engineers, Scientists and Contractors


SRI also offers a full line of proven Treatment/Recycling/Reuse technologies that can recycle up to 95% of the  rinse water from your operation. These technologies have resulted in tremendous saving in water and treatment chemicals. In some cases the product water is deionized water, which can also improve products’ quality.
Know More About Our Products










Products 



 Chemical Precipitation
 Ultrafiltration Technology
 Micro Filtration Technology


 More Products




Engineering & Specifications 



 Facility Design & Permitting 
 Treatability Study & Evaluation 
 Turnkey Service 


 More Specifications




Environmental Services



 EPA Biennial Report 
 Facility Closure Management 
 SB-14 Plans/Program Updates 


 More Services




Featured Projects


Analog Devices, Inc. (ADI)
Alta Devices
CSC Laboratories, Inc
Kobe Precision
Western Digital (WD), San Jose and Fremont, California
Unilever
TTM Technologies
SMIC Shanghai-China
The Boeing Company
Veteran Administration Taiwan
Cherry Aerospace Fasteners
BiCMos Foundry
Yates Petroleum Corporation
JDS Uniphase /Lumentum
Maxtor Corporation – Wastewater Treatment System Upgrade
Cadmium Polishing System


‹›


 


Solutions Recovery International Team
Our team consists of multi-disciplinary, professional and licensed engineers and scientists who are experienced and well-informed about current engineering, environmental, and construction technologies.





Ken Ravon, PE, MBA CEO/President






David Hammond, M.S., Ph.D. Vice President of Engineering






Kent Sezen, P.E., S.E. Structural Engineer






Brian Moon, P.E. Civil Engineer






Charles Michaud, Chemical Engineer Adviser






Hormoz Mogarei, Kaizen Services






 









My location





Print Close



222222222

 





Solutions Recovery International
Creating a sustainable environment for generations to come











  





 






 Laws and Regulations | SRI Questionnaire | SRI Statement of Qualifications

 































The combination of GlyEco, WEBA, and RS&T brings together leading, complementary components to form a leading provider of vertically integrated glycol solutions, well positioned to shape the future of glycol production, process technology, and product delivery. The combined Company will manage a broad continuum of ethylene glycol solutions, including retail direct delivery and pick-up, ASTM E1177 Type EG-1 engine coolant grade ethylene glycol production, and the ability to formulate unique additive products to produce finished fluids that meet ASTM and industry specifications. 
Mr. Ian Rhodes, Chief Executive Officer and President, said, "At GlyEco, we have been actively advancing our glycol-focused strategies, while WEBA has been diversifying and building its national additive product lines for making antifreeze/coolant for light-duty automotive to heavy-duty diesel vehicles, and water/glycol heat transfer fluids for HVAC heating and air conditioning systems. Our two organizations complement each other in a way few others could, and the glycol distillation assets RS&T will acquire will allow us to become the first vertically integrated glycol solutions provider in North America." 
Mr. Rhodes continued, "This acquisition strategy will accelerate our collective ability to positively impact ethylene glycol production and delivery across the country. The transaction and related human resources will significantly increase our ability to implement and improve on our patented technology and better service our expanding client relationships in our direct delivery, bulk, and service verticals. Our Company competes in a highly-fragmented marketplace and we will now have the critical first mover advantage to capitalize on reselling opportunities across our various offerings, and generate significant value for our shareholders. We are excited for the future and look forward to the opportunity to combine the resources of these great companies."
The Company expects to finance these transactions with cash on hand and debt, including a private placement of notes.
About GlyEco, Inc. 
GlyEco is a collector, manufacturer, and distributor of glycol products sold to automotive and industrial customers throughout the United States. Our six facilities deliver superior quality glycol products through a fully-integrated solutions platform. We are dedicated to providing solutions, not just products: consistent, timely, and customized service; environmentally safe handling of waste; product and technology education; and technical performance support.
For further information, please visit: http://www.glyeco.com
About GlyEco West Virginia (Glycol Solutions Center) 
The facility is uniquely designed to process industrial waste glycol. Once acquired, the unit will be utilized as the only currently active process that produces a product that both meets the virgin glycol antifreeze grade specification, ASTM E1177 EG-1, and achieves the important aesthetic requirement for most applications of having no odor. It will be the largest glycol re-distillation plant in North America, with a capacity of 14-20 million gallons per year, several times higher processing capacity than the next largest glycol recycling facility.
The facility is located at the Dow Institute Site in Institute, WV.
About WEBA Technology Corp.
WEBA Technology develops, manufactures, and markets additive packages for the antifreeze/coolant, gas patch coolants, and heat transfer fluid industry. Our strengths are our ability to formulate unique products, combined with extensive manufacturing process design skills and an outstanding reputation in our markets. Our additive package product line includes one-step additive systems and standardized treat rates for making antifreeze/coolants for automobiles and heavy-duty diesel equipment, and glycol/water heat transfer fluids. 
Our staff has over 45 years' experience in the chemical field, including direct experience with reclamation of all types of glycols, distillation systems, Nano-filtration, and other types of pre-, post- and the actual processing of glycols. Our additive packages have passed the rigorous testing provided by ASTM (American Society of Testing Materials www.astm.org).
Safe Harbor Statement 
This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of risks and uncertainties impacting the Company's business including, increased competition; the ability of the Company to expand its operations through either acquisitions or internal growth, to attract and retain qualified professionals, and to expand commercial relationships; technological obsolescence; general economic conditions; and other risks detailed from time to time in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Contact:
GlyEco, Inc.
Ian Rhodes
Chief Executive Officer, President and Interim Chief Financial Officerirhodes@glyeco.com 
866-960-1539
SOURCE: GlyEco, Inc. ReleaseID: 451812"/>
            


GlyEco Announces Acquisition of WEBA Technology Corp. and Recovery Solutions & Technologies Inc. «  MarketersMedia – Press Release Distribution Services – News Release Distribution Services





























Contact Sales
Sign Up
Your Account













How It Works?

Plans & Pricing

Basic Plan
Starter Pack
Agency Plan


Our Distributions
Newsroom
Info Hub

FAQ
Tutorials
Release Guidelines
Resources









GlyEco Announces Acquisition of WEBA Technology Corp. and Recovery Solutions & Technologies Inc.


Acquisition will Create a Leading Provider of Vertically Integrated Glycol Solutions
ROCK HILL, SC / ACCESSWIRE / December 27, 2016 / GlyEco, Inc. (OTC PINK: GLYE) ("GlyEco" or the "Company"), a leader in sustainable glycol technologies, announced agreements today to acquire WEBA Technology Corp. ("WEBA"), a privately-owned company that develops, manufactures, and markets additive packages for the antifreeze/coolant, gas patch coolants, and heat transfer industries; and Recovery Solutions & Technologies Inc. ("RS&T"), a privately-owned company involved in the development and commercialization of glycol recovery technology. In addition, RS&T has signed an agreement to purchase certain glycol distillation assets from Union Carbide Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Dow Chemical Company ("Dow"), at Institute, West Virginia, with the transaction expected to close on December 28, 2016, subject to customary closing conditions.
The combination of GlyEco, WEBA, and RS&T brings together leading, complementary components to form a leading provider of vertically integrated glycol solutions, well positioned to shape the future of glycol production, process technology, and product delivery. The combined Company will manage a broad continuum of ethylene glycol solutions, including retail direct delivery and pick-up, ASTM E1177 Type EG-1 engine coolant grade ethylene glycol production, and the ability to formulate unique additive products to produce finished fluids that meet ASTM and industry specifications. 
Mr. Ian Rhodes, Chief Executive Officer and President, said, "At GlyEco, we have been actively advancing our glycol-focused strategies, while WEBA has been diversifying and building its national additive product lines for making antifreeze/coolant for light-duty automotive to heavy-duty diesel vehicles, and water/glycol heat transfer fluids for HVAC heating and air conditioning systems. Our two organizations complement each other in a way few others could, and the glycol distillation assets RS&T will acquire will allow us to become the first vertically integrated glycol solutions provider in North America." 
Mr. Rhodes continued, "This acquisition strategy will accelerate our collective ability to positively impact ethylene glycol production and delivery across the country. The transaction and related human resources will significantly increase our ability to implement and improve on our patented technology and better service our expanding client relationships in our direct delivery, bulk, and service verticals. Our Company competes in a highly-fragmented marketplace and we will now have the critical first mover advantage to capitalize on reselling opportunities across our various offerings, and generate significant value for our shareholders. We are excited for the future and look forward to the opportunity to combine the resources of these great companies."
The Company expects to finance these transactions with cash on hand and debt, including a private placement of notes.
About GlyEco, Inc. 
GlyEco is a collector, manufacturer, and distributor of glycol products sold to automotive and industrial customers throughout the United States. Our six facilities deliver superior quality glycol products through a fully-integrated solutions platform. We are dedicated to providing solutions, not just products: consistent, timely, and customized service; environmentally safe handling of waste; product and technology education; and technical performance support.
For further information, please visit: http://www.glyeco.com
About GlyEco West Virginia (Glycol Solutions Center) 
The facility is uniquely designed to process industrial waste glycol. Once acquired, the unit will be utilized as the only currently active process that produces a product that both meets the virgin glycol antifreeze grade specification, ASTM E1177 EG-1, and achieves the important aesthetic requirement for most applications of having no odor. It will be the largest glycol re-distillation plant in North America, with a capacity of 14-20 million gallons per year, several times higher processing capacity than the next largest glycol recycling facility.
The facility is located at the Dow Institute Site in Institute, WV.
About WEBA Technology Corp.
WEBA Technology develops, manufactures, and markets additive packages for the antifreeze/coolant, gas patch coolants, and heat transfer fluid industry. Our strengths are our ability to formulate unique products, combined with extensive manufacturing process design skills and an outstanding reputation in our markets. Our additive package product line includes one-step additive systems and standardized treat rates for making antifreeze/coolants for automobiles and heavy-duty diesel equipment, and glycol/water heat transfer fluids. 
Our staff has over 45 years' experience in the chemical field, including direct experience with reclamation of all types of glycols, distillation systems, Nano-filtration, and other types of pre-, post- and the actual processing of glycols. Our additive packages have passed the rigorous testing provided by ASTM (American Society of Testing Materials www.astm.org).
Safe Harbor Statement 
This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of risks and uncertainties impacting the Company's business including, increased competition; the ability of the Company to expand its operations through either acquisitions or internal growth, to attract and retain qualified professionals, and to expand commercial relationships; technological obsolescence; general economic conditions; and other risks detailed from time to time in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Contact:
GlyEco, Inc.
Ian Rhodes
Chief Executive Officer, President and Interim Chief Financial Officerirhodes@glyeco.com 
866-960-1539
SOURCE: GlyEco, Inc.
ReleaseID: 451812

December 27, 2016 /AccessWire/ — 
Acquisition will Create a Leading Provider of Vertically Integrated Glycol Solutions
ROCK HILL, SC / ACCESSWIRE / December 27, 2016 / GlyEco, Inc. (OTC PINK: GLYE) ("GlyEco" or the "Company"), a leader in sustainable glycol technologies, announced agreements today to acquire WEBA Technology Corp. ("WEBA"), a privately-owned company that develops, manufactures, and markets additive packages for the antifreeze/coolant, gas patch coolants, and heat transfer industries; and Recovery Solutions & Technologies Inc. ("RS&T"), a privately-owned company involved in the development and commercialization of glycol recovery technology. In addition, RS&T has signed an agreement to purchase certain glycol distillation assets from Union Carbide Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Dow Chemical Company ("Dow"), at Institute, West Virginia, with the transaction expected to close on December 28, 2016, subject to customary closing conditions.
The combination of GlyEco, WEBA, and RS&T brings together leading, complementary components to form a leading provider of vertically integrated glycol solutions, well positioned to shape the future of glycol production, process technology, and product delivery. The combined Company will manage a broad continuum of ethylene glycol solutions, including retail direct delivery and pick-up, ASTM E1177 Type EG-1 engine coolant grade ethylene glycol production, and the ability to formulate unique additive products to produce finished fluids that meet ASTM and industry specifications. 
Mr. Ian Rhodes, Chief Executive Officer and President, said, "At GlyEco, we have been actively advancing our glycol-focused strategies, while WEBA has been diversifying and building its national additive product lines for making antifreeze/coolant for light-duty automotive to heavy-duty diesel vehicles, and water/glycol heat transfer fluids for HVAC heating and air conditioning systems. Our two organizations complement each other in a way few others could, and the glycol distillation assets RS&T will acquire will allow us to become the first vertically integrated glycol solutions provider in North America." 
Mr. Rhodes continued, "This acquisition strategy will accelerate our collective ability to positively impact ethylene glycol production and delivery across the country. The transaction and related human resources will significantly increase our ability to implement and improve on our patented technology and better service our expanding client relationships in our direct delivery, bulk, and service verticals. Our Company competes in a highly-fragmented marketplace and we will now have the critical first mover advantage to capitalize on reselling opportunities across our various offerings, and generate significant value for our shareholders. We are excited for the future and look forward to the opportunity to combine the resources of these great companies."
The Company expects to finance these transactions with cash on hand and debt, including a private placement of notes.
About GlyEco, Inc. 
GlyEco is a collector, manufacturer, and distributor of glycol products sold to automotive and industrial customers throughout the United States. Our six facilities deliver superior quality glycol products through a fully-integrated solutions platform. We are dedicated to providing solutions, not just products: consistent, timely, and customized service; environmentally safe handling of waste; product and technology education; and technical performance support.
For further information, please visit: http://www.glyeco.com
About GlyEco West Virginia (Glycol Solutions Center) 
The facility is uniquely designed to process industrial waste glycol. Once acquired, the unit will be utilized as the only currently active process that produces a product that both meets the virgin glycol antifreeze grade specification, ASTM E1177 EG-1, and achieves the important aesthetic requirement for most applications of having no odor. It will be the largest glycol re-distillation plant in North America, with a capacity of 14-20 million gallons per year, several times higher processing capacity than the next largest glycol recycling facility.
The facility is located at the Dow Institute Site in Institute, WV.
About WEBA Technology Corp.
WEBA Technology develops, manufactures, and markets additive packages for the antifreeze/coolant, gas patch coolants, and heat transfer fluid industry. Our strengths are our ability to formulate unique products, combined with extensive manufacturing process design skills and an outstanding reputation in our markets. Our additive package product line includes one-step additive systems and standardized treat rates for making antifreeze/coolants for automobiles and heavy-duty diesel equipment, and glycol/water heat transfer fluids. 
Our staff has over 45 years' experience in the chemical field, including direct experience with reclamation of all types of glycols, distillation systems, Nano-filtration, and other types of pre-, post- and the actual processing of glycols. Our additive packages have passed the rigorous testing provided by ASTM (American Society of Testing Materials www.astm.org).
Safe Harbor Statement 
This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of risks and uncertainties impacting the Company's business including, increased competition; the ability of the Company to expand its operations through either acquisitions or internal growth, to attract and retain qualified professionals, and to expand commercial relationships; technological obsolescence; general economic conditions; and other risks detailed from time to time in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Contact:
GlyEco, Inc.
Ian Rhodes
Chief Executive Officer, President and Interim Chief Financial Officerirhodes@glyeco.com 
866-960-1539
SOURCE: GlyEco, Inc.
ReleaseID: 451812
Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/glyeco-announces-acquisition-of-weba-technology-corp-and-recovery-solutions-technologies-inc/157286
Source: AccessWire
Release ID: 157286




No related posts.



Latest News

Modified Atmospheric Packaging Market Analysis and Global Forecast to 2022
July 28th, 2017
Global Gas Turbine Market Size, Revenue, Trends, Country Analysis, Competitive Landscape and Strategic Insights Profile Reports to 2021
July 28th, 2017
IT Services Market Top 32 Key Players, Competitive Analysis by Shares, Revenue and Forecasts 2017 to 2022
July 28th, 2017
Investor Network: Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida to Host Earnings Call
July 28th, 2017
Here We Grow Again; EVIO Labs Enters Massachusetts Cannabis Market
July 28th, 2017
AIM Exploration Inc. Announces the Formal Hiring of Mr. Dhanesh Ranjan
July 28th, 2017
GlyEco Issues Reminder that Rights Offering Will Expire at 5:00 pm New York Time on Friday, August 4, 2017
July 28th, 2017
ADDvantage Technology, Headwinds in the Cable Television Segment, Attractive Valuation
July 28th, 2017
Investor Network: Embraer S.A. to Host Earnings Call
July 28th, 2017
Investor Network: Franklin Resources, Inc. to Host Earnings Call
July 28th, 2017
Investor Network: AMERISAFE, Inc. to Host Earnings Call
July 28th, 2017
Investor Network: Wayside Technology Group, Inc. to Host Earnings Call
July 28th, 2017
Investor Network: Investors Bancorp Inc to Host Earnings Call
July 28th, 2017
Investor Network: Knoll, Inc. to Host Earnings Call
July 28th, 2017
Investor Network: Newpark Resources, Inc. to Host Earnings Call
July 28th, 2017














Copyright © 2012 - 2017 MarketersMedia. - Press Release Distribution. All Rights Reserved.Powered by Semantics BigData Analytics (SBDA).



How It Works
Privacy Policy


Plans & Pricing
Terms of Service


Distribution Partners
FAQ


Newsroom
Contact Us


Blog
Link Removal














GlyEco Announces Acquisition of WEBA Technology Corp. and Recovery Solutions & Technologies Inc.HomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets open in 20 mins.S&P Futures2,466.75-5.25 (-0.21%)Dow Futures21,708.00-35.00 (-0.16%)Nasdaq Futures5,882.00-27.50 (-0.47%)GlyEco Announces Acquisition of WEBA Technology Corp. and Recovery Solutions & Technologies Inc.AccesswireDecember 27, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareAcquisition will Create a Leading Provider of Vertically Integrated Glycol SolutionsROCK HILL, SC / ACCESSWIRE / December 27, 2016 / GlyEco, Inc. (OTC PINK: GLYE) ("GlyEco" or the "Company"), a leader in sustainable glycol technologies, announced agreements today to acquire WEBA Technology Corp. ("WEBA"), a privately-owned company that develops, manufactures, and markets additive packages for the antifreeze/coolant, gas patch coolants, and heat transfer industries; and Recovery Solutions & Technologies Inc. ("RS&T"), a privately-owned company involved in the development and commercialization of glycol recovery technology. In addition, RS&T has signed an agreement to purchase certain glycol distillation assets from Union Carbide Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Dow Chemical Company ("Dow"), at Institute, West Virginia, with the transaction expected to close on December 28, 2016, subject to customary closing conditions.The combination of GlyEco, WEBA, and RS&T brings together leading, complementary components to form a leading provider of vertically integrated glycol solutions, well positioned to shape the future of glycol production, process technology, and product delivery. The combined Company will manage a broad continuum of ethylene glycol solutions, including retail direct delivery and pick-up, ASTM E1177 Type EG-1 engine coolant grade ethylene glycol production, and the ability to formulate unique additive products to produce finished fluids that meet ASTM and industry specifications.Mr. Ian Rhodes, Chief Executive Officer and President, said, "At GlyEco, we have been actively advancing our glycol-focused strategies, while WEBA has been diversifying and building its national additive product lines for making antifreeze/coolant for light-duty automotive to heavy-duty diesel vehicles, and water/glycol heat transfer fluids for HVAC heating and air conditioning systems. Our two organizations complement each other in a way few others could, and the glycol distillation assets RS&T will acquire will allow us to become the first vertically integrated glycol solutions provider in North America."Mr. Rhodes continued, "This acquisition strategy will accelerate our collective ability to positively impact ethylene glycol production and delivery across the country. The transaction and related human resources will significantly increase our ability to implement and improve on our patented technology and better service our expanding client relationships in our direct delivery, bulk, and service verticals. Our Company competes in a highly-fragmented marketplace and we will now have the critical first mover advantage to capitalize on reselling opportunities across our various offerings, and generate significant value for our shareholders. We are excited for the future and look forward to the opportunity to combine the resources of these great companies."The Company expects to finance these transactions with cash on hand and debt, including a private placement of notes.About GlyEco, Inc. GlyEco is a collector, manufacturer, and distributor of glycol products sold to automotive and industrial customers throughout the United States. Our six facilities deliver superior quality glycol products through a fully-integrated solutions platform. We are dedicated to providing solutions, not just products: consistent, timely, and customized service; environmentally safe handling of waste; product and technology education; and technical performance support.For further information, please visit: http://www.glyeco.comAbout GlyEco West Virginia (Glycol Solutions Center) The facility is uniquely designed to process industrial waste glycol. Once acquired, the unit will be utilized as the only currently active process that produces a product that both meets the virgin glycol antifreeze grade specification, ASTM E1177 EG-1, and achieves the important aesthetic requirement for most applications of having no odor. It will be the largest glycol re-distillation plant in North America, with a capacity of 14-20 million gallons per year, several times higher processing capacity than the next largest glycol recycling facility.The facility is located at the Dow Institute Site in Institute, WV.Read MoreAbout WEBA Technology Corp.WEBA Technology develops, manufactures, and markets additive packages for the antifreeze/coolant, gas patch coolants, and heat transfer fluid industry. Our strengths are our ability to formulate unique products, combined with extensive manufacturing process design skills and an outstanding reputation in our markets. Our additive package product line includes one-step additive systems and standardized treat rates for making antifreeze/coolants for automobiles and heavy-duty diesel equipment, and glycol/water heat transfer fluids.Our staff has over 45 years' experience in the chemical field, including direct experience with reclamation of all types of glycols, distillation systems, Nano-filtration, and other types of pre-, post- and the actual processing of glycols. Our additive packages have passed the rigorous testing provided by ASTM (American Society of Testing Materials www.astm.org).Safe Harbor StatementThis press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of risks and uncertainties impacting the Company's business including, increased competition; the ability of the Company to expand its operations through either acquisitions or internal growth, to attract and retain qualified professionals, and to expand commercial relationships; technological obsolescence; general economic conditions; and other risks detailed from time to time in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Contact:GlyEco, Inc. Ian Rhodes Chief Executive Officer, President and Interim Chief Financial Officer irhodes@glyeco.com  866-960-1539SOURCE: GlyEco, Inc.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextFJ Company's FJ40 is the Toyota Land Cruiser you really wantAutoblogEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredHow Well Do You Know Floyd Mayweather?The StreetJeff Bezos’ brief stint as world’s richest human ends with Amazon’s second-quarter whiffTechCrunchBristol-Myers (BMY) Q2 Earnings Beats EstimatesZacksDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredWednesday Apple Rumors: iPhone 8 Enters Trial ProductionInvestorPlaceTrump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverageYahoo FinanceSean Hannity responds to claim he ran up a $42,000 tab at Trump's hotel after flying in a 70-year-old lobster from MaineBusiness InsiderThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredConsumers, businesses lift U.S. economic growth in second quarterReutersTwitter is only famous now because of President Trump: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoGDP — What you need to know in markets on FridayYahoo Finance$20 Bitcoin Jackpot Could Explode By July 28Agora FinancialSponsoredRepublicans warn Trump: No confirmation hearing for a Sessions replacement, and no recess appointment eitherBusiness InsiderStarbucks CEO: The Amazon-Whole Foods deal shows where retail is goingYahoo FinanceSenate 'skinny repeal' of Obamacare falls apart on Senate floor after McCain defectsDonovan: 3 Republicans and 48 Democrats let the American people down?!? Sorry Trump! But all I see is one incompetent idiot in the White House, who have let the American people down!!!Join the Conversation1 / 56.3k








