





Shari Redstone | CBS Corporation































CBS Corporation




 
 


Other CBS Corporation Sites
CBS Television Network
CBS Entertainment
CBS News
CBS Sports
CBS Television Distribution
CBS Consumer Products
CBS Films
The CW
Showtime
CBS Sports Network
CBS Interactive
CBS Radio
CBS Outdoor
Simon & Schuster
CBS Scene
Watch! Magazine
EcoMedia









About CBS


Subpages
About CBS Corporation
Board of Directors

Leslie Moonves
Sumner M. Redstone
Shari Redstone
David R. Andelman
Joseph A. Califano, Jr.
William S. Cohen
Gary L. Countryman
Charles K. Gifford
Leonard Goldberg
Bruce S. Gordon
Linda M. Griego
Arnold Kopelson
Martha L. Minow
Doug Morris


Executives

Leslie Moonves
Anthony G. Ambrosio
Jonathan H. Anschell
Joseph Ianniello
Richard M. Jones
Larry Liding
John Orlando
Gil Schwartz
Adam Townsend
Lawrence Tu


Corporate Governance
Corporate Responsibility
Business Ethics & Compliance
Suppliers





Shari Redstone


Vice Chair of the Board; DirectorMs. Redstone is a media executive with a wide-ranging background in numerous aspects of the entertainment industry and related ventures. She is Vice Chair of the Board of Directors of Viacom Inc. and Vice Chair of the Board of Directors of the Company.
Since 2000, she has been President of National Amusements, one of the top 10 movie exhibitors in the United States. Ms. Redstone has expanded the company’s international footprint and its exploration of new technologies.
Ms. Redstone is also Co-founder and Managing Partner of Advancit Capital, a venture capital firm launched in 2011 which focuses on early stage investments in media, entertainment and technology. In addition, she is Co-Chairman of MovieTickets.com, Inc. and is a member of the Board of Directors and Executive Committee for the National Theatre Owners Association (NATO). Ms. Redstone earned a BS from Tufts University and a JD and a Masters in Tax Law from Boston University. She practiced corporate law, estate planning and criminal law in the Boston area before joining National Amusements.
With a deep commitment to the community, Ms. Redstone is actively involved in a variety of charitable, civic and educational organizations. She is currently a member of the Board of Directors at Combined Jewish Philanthropies and the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation. Ms. Redstone sits on the Board of Trustees at Dana Farber Cancer Institute. She served on the Board of Directors of CASA-Columbia from 2003-2012. Ms. Redstone joined the Board and Executive Committee of “Our Time,” a mass-membership organization that stands for the economic interests and political inclusion of young Americans aged 18-30. She is also on the Local Advisory Board and Executive Committee for BUILD, a non-profit organization which uses entrepreneurship to propel low income youth through high school and into college.













































McMullen | Shari Redstone Warns NFL About Fragmented Product
















































































 








































































 
















FanRag Sports














 



























 







NFL
McMullen | Shari Redstone warns NFL about fragmented product



 



By John McMullen  

Posted on Jun 4, 2017








 



Rich Graessle/Icon Sportswire






Ratings are down in almost every aspect of television with the notable exception of cable news.
That is what’s known as an anomaly, however, and everything from scripted shows all the way down to the bulletproof NFL has suffered an erosion of viewers due to a confluence of factors, with technology and a new generation of viewers who consume media in different fashion leading the way.


The league experienced a dip of 8 percent in its national television windows last season, slightly better than the four major networks (CBS, ABC, NBC, FOX), which combined to post double-digit declines in prime time by February.
The NFL isn’t terribly concerned, because its 2016 ratings look much better if you take out the windows where the league was competing with the presidential debates, which delivered massive numbers in a polarized country.
And to a certain extent, that’s true, as the dip would have been nominal without that competition, which obviously will not be there come September 2017. That means Roger Goodell and Co. are expecting a market correction this time around and a return to its standing as one of the only DVR-proof options left for its partners.
CBS CEO Les Moonves, however, warned the league about overexposure hurting ratings as well, and his boss, the network’s vice chairwoman Shari Redstone, also spun that narrative last week while speaking at Recode’s annual Code Conference.
“It got very confusing for the consumer,” Redstone said Wednesday. “… I think they were on too many networks, they started to commoditize the experience and not really keep it as something that was really special on Sundays. On Thursdays, you didn’t know what network it was found on.”

Old-school television executives believe in destination viewing, and it is tough to create that when a package is being promoted on three different platforms. Last year Thursday Night Football was seen on NBC, CBS, NFL Network and occasionally streamed on Twitter.
Redstone, a New England Patriots fan, claimed TNF was only a must-watch if her team was on the docket.
“If I see something [channel surfing] on my way to the football game, I may not watch [the game],” Redstone claimed. “It got [to be] too much. Too many stations, too many networks.”
The status quo remains for now, however, with the exception of Amazon filling in as the streaming option as the NFL tries to gain a foothold with cord-cutting Millennials, a difficult task to date as evidenced by the ping-ponging from YAHOO! to Twitter and now Amazon over a three-year period.
Despite the criticism, Redstone isn’t ready to say writing a check for $450 million for its piece of the Thursday programming was a mistake.
“People want exclusive content,” she explained. “I have full confidence in the NFL. They are a great organization and we love our football.”
The reality is that Redstone wasn’t about to drop any bombs because the deal between the NFL and CBS for “Thursday Night Football” has one year left on its run but this could be a foreshadowing that the same kind of check won’t be there for the NFL in the future unless changes are made.
-John McMullen is a national football columnist for FanRagSports.com. You can reach him at jmcmullen44@gmail.com or on Twitter @JFMcMullen. Also catch John each week during the NFL season on ESPN South Jersey, ESPN Southwest Florida, ESPN Lexington, CBS Baltimore, KDWN in Las Vegas, and check @JFMcMullen for John’s upcoming appearances on SB Nation Radio, FOX Sports Radio, CBS Sports Radio as well as dozens of local radio stations across North America.
MORE COVERAGE

Top 5 QBs in the NFL heading into the 2017 season
Top 5 KRs and PRs in the NFL heading into the 2017 season
Top 5 RBs in the NFL heading into the 2017 season











 




 



Related Items:NFL Today


Share
Tweet
Share
Share
Email


 



 


 


 



FanRag Sports Daily NFL Newsletter







 














 













To Top




 


















By using this site, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of UseOk






Manuela Herzer Files New Lawsuit Against Shari Redstone | Variety

















































 











































 





























































  
























Variety
Editions:
		

U.S
Global
Asia






Subscribe Today!

 


Navigation Menu




|

My Account
Sign In









Subscribe












 














HomeBizNews 



Sumner Redstone’s Ex-Lover Files $70 Million Lawsuit Against Shari Redstone











Gene Maddaus

Senior Media Writer
@GeneMaddaus 











































































				Share This Article
				











							LinkedIn						








							Email						








							Print						








							Talk						















John Salangsang/BFA.com/REX/Shutterstock


May 9, 2016 | 11:12AM PT





Moments after a judge threw out her lawsuit seeking to take control of Sumner Redstone’s health care, Manuela Herzer filed a new lawsuit Monday alleging she has been deprived of $70 million in expected inheritance.
Herzer, Redstone’s longtime companion, alleges that Redstone’s daughter Shari conspired with seven nurses to force Herzer out of Redstone’s life and remove her from his estate plan.
“What happened to Sumner Redstone was not the product of free will,” Herzer’s attorney, Pierce O’Donnell, said outside court.”It was the product of an orchestrated devious campaign to take over her father and his estate and to throw the love of his life, Manuela Herzer, out of his house.”







Shari Redstone’s spokesperson responded, “Promptly after her significant loss in court today‎, Herzer continued her baseless attack against the Redstone family with a second lawsuit. It is total fiction and continues to speak volumes about Herzer’s motivation and character.”
The new lawsuit by Herzer appeared to fly in the face of claims by O’Donnell at the outset of the dispute. The lawyer said the ex-girlfriend was interested solely in protecting Redstone and overseeing his care. O’Donnell denied that his client was pursuing her case for financial reasons — noting that she had already received millions from the magnate when the two were still close and therefore did not need to pursue any of his fortune after he was gone.
According to the new lawsuit, Herzer was in line to receive half of a personal trust valued at $150 million. The other half was set to go to Redstone’s girlfriend, Sydney Holland. Redstone also gave Herzer and Holland gifts of $45 million apiece. The taxes on those gifts were to be paid by National Amusement Trust, of which Shari was a 20 percent shareholder.
The suit claims that Shari was intent on removing her father’s companions from his estate plan. In August 2015, Holland admitted to being unfaithful to Redstone and he ended the relationship. In September, he changed his estate plan to remove Holland. The new plan gave Herzer $50 million plus Redstone’s Beverly Park home, valued at $20 million. The suit claims that Shari then set about to remove the only other obstacle between herself and her father.
“The only way that Shari could get rid of Herzer was to alienate her father’s affection for and trust in her,” the suit claims.
In order to do that, the suit alleges that Shari relied on Redstone’s nurses to feed her information. In October, the nurses conducted an “intervention” with Redstone, in which they allegedly persuaded him that he had intended only to leave $15 million to Herzer, not $50 million, according to the suit. They also told Redstone that Herzer had lied to him when she repeatedly said that his sex therapist was unavailable to see him.
Soon after, Herzer was thrown out of the house. Redstone changed his estate plan again to write Herzer out as well.
The suit says that Shari and her children proceeded to “brainwash” Redstone about Herzer’s misconduct.







Redstone’s legal team has indicated it plans to file suit against Herzer to recover $100 million that she was given. Outside court, O’Donnell said such a suit would be little more than a smokescreen.
“If they want to sue Manuela, bring it on,” he said.





Filed Under:

Manuela HerzerPierce O'DonnellShari RedstoneSumner Redstone 

Want to read more articles like this one?
									SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY.
								

Post A Comment


			7		





 




























Music									

Mike Shinoda on Bennington’s Reaction to Chris Cornell Death














Digital									

Vice Media Lays Off at Least 60 Employees (EXCLUSIVE)














TV									

‘American Horror Story’ Season 7 Title, Teaser Revealed














Music									

Linkin Park Singer Found Dead in Apparent Suicide






















Christopher Nolan’s ‘Dunkirk’ Is the First Slam-Dunk Oscar Contender of 2017					







‘The Handmaid’s Tale’ Scores Hulu Its First Big Emmy Nominations					







2017 Emmys: Co-Star Face-Offs Create a ‘Feud’ Across Multiple Categories					







Emmys: No ‘Game of Thrones’ Means New Drama Champs Will Be Crowned					








Variety Jobs




Creative Development Coordinator

Triptyk Studios, New York, New York



Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency)

Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California



Media Specialist

Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut



Executive Director, Aspen Film

Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado



Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships

Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut



See More Jobs



 
Marketplace












Leave a Reply 7 Comments 
 Cancel reply 
				Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications.


Enter your comment here...




Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:



























 
 


Email (required) (Address never made public)



Name (required)



Website














 You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change )




Cancel
Connecting to %s




 Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email.
 



 

 




 Jennifer says: 

			May 11, 2016 at 4:01 pm 
It doesn’t take a rocket scientist to see that Herzer is one world class gold digger. Shari is Sumner’s daughter, why in the world would Redstone supply $150 million to this Herzer trash?
Reply





 Scratch says: 

			May 10, 2016 at 2:42 pm 
Shari Redstone is the lowest of the low. Heard she got served in the Lobby of the Four Seasons yesterday & the color drained from her zombie face.  Anyone who’s ever known S.R. know that he’s always hated Shari. Hope that cockroach daughter loses everything.
Reply





 Deborah Taylor says: 

			May 10, 2016 at 8:05 am 
“No…I stay.”
Reply





 Michael Ray says: 

			May 9, 2016 at 6:23 pm 
The real question is this; “How did Manuela her living before she glommed onto Mr. Redstone”?
Reply





 nimportequoi says: 

			May 9, 2016 at 1:33 pm 
Foul play from both sides…more so from Shari…deja vu
Reply





 Myron says: 

			May 9, 2016 at 12:25 pm 
Redstone is correct. Herzer is a F_B_.
Reply





 nobody important says: 

			May 9, 2016 at 11:45 am 
I think that this continuation makes it obvious that Herzer just wants money out of this.
Reply





See All 7 Comments 










More  Biz News from Variety 























ad







































































































































































































Shari Redstone will play a key role in what happens to Paramount, MTV and CBS - LA Times
























































BREAKING NEWSlatimes.com
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer has resigned



ENTERTAINMENT 
ENVELOPE 
COMPANY TOWN 



Shari Redstone will play a key role in what happens to Paramount, MTV and CBS








Katy Winn / Invision / Associated Press
Sumner Redstone and daughter Shari Redstone are seen in Beverly Hills in 2012.
Sumner Redstone and daughter Shari Redstone are seen in Beverly Hills in 2012. (Katy Winn / Invision / Associated Press)

Meg JamesContact Reporter




Shari Redstone is emerging from the long shadow of her larger-than-life father, Sumner Redstone.The feisty 61-year-old former attorney is stepping into the spotlight to exert her influence in the affairs of Viacom Inc. and CBS Corp. — even if it means bucking her father’s wishes for who should lead one of the storied media companies.The daughter of ailing mogul Sumner Redstone suffered a defeat this month when Viacom’s board rebuffed her concerns about naming Philippe Dauman as chairman of the company.The vote put Shari Redstone squarely at odds with her 92-year-old father and his handpicked successor, Dauman. Nonetheless, she is intent on remaining a key player in determining the future of CBS and Viacom, which boasts such culture-defining assets as Nickelodeon, MTV, Comedy Central and the Hollywood movie studio Paramount Pictures.

SIGN UP for the free California Inc. business newsletter >>





Shari Redstone owns 20% of National Amusements Inc., the family’s investment vehicle that holds the controlling shares of Viacom and CBS. She also is one of seven trustees who will eventually oversee her father’s stock interests in the two companies, potentially determining whether the companies are reunited or sold off in pieces. Viacom’s stock has tumbled amid the uncertainties about the company’s future and the lackluster performance of its signature business units.“It is such a sad, tortured situation,” said Jeffrey Sonnenfeld, senior associate dean for leadership programs at the Yale School of Management. “She is locked in this frustrating paralysis.”




Shari Redstone and her father have famously clashed over the years. Disputes have often centered on who would lead the companies after he was no longer able to do so.

During a family squabble, Sumner Redstone in 2007 offered to buy his daughter out of the family business. Then in late 2014 he offered her $1 billion to surrender her stake in National Amusements, according to people familiar with the proposal. She declined.Shari Redstone declined to be interviewed for this story. But in recent court documents she acknowledged the friction within her family.“My father and I have a uniquely close relationship, both as father-daughter and professionally,” Redstone said in a court filing. “In the past we have had very public disagreements over business matters. We have patched those up, and family has always been the most important thing to me.”Shari Redstone grew up in Newton, Mass., and once worked as a summer intern at Paramount Pictures. She graduated from Tufts University and earned her law degree from Boston University, specializing in tax law. She lives outside of the city, speaks with a distinct Boston accent and is a passionate fan of the New England Patriots.Redstone worked as a criminal defense attorney before putting her career on hold to raise a family. When she returned to the workforce, she joined the family business, which started with movie theaters in the Northeast.In Hollywood, she is known for helping launch the trend toward luxury cinemas. Since 2000, she has served as president of the family’s holding company, which includes the theater chain National Amusements that boasts more than 900 screens in theaters in the U.S., Britain, Brazil and Argentina.“She is very determined and in her own way, she was a visionary in our business,” said Paul Heth, her former business partner and current chief executive of Karo Films, a leading Russian cinema company. “The one thing about Shari, she is unbelievably driven and focused.”See more of our top stories on Facebook >>For several years, Heth helped Redstone operate the Bridge, an upscale theater in West L.A. off the 405 Freeway, which has since been sold to Cinemark. She also pushed to expand National Amusements into Russia, where she and Heth owned and ran a chain of six theaters before selling them in 2011.Redstone subsequently launched a small venture capital firm, Advancit Capital, with her son-in-law Jason Ostheimer. It invests in start-ups in the technology and media space.Over the years, she has repeatedly sparred with her strong-willed father, often about corporate succession. In one notable flare-up in 2007, Sumner Redstone publicly disparaged his daughter.“While my daughter talks of good governance,” Sumner Redstone wrote in a letter published by Forbes, “she apparently ignores the cardinal rule of good governance that the boards of the two public companies, Viacom and CBS, should select my successor…. It must be remembered that I gave to my children their stock; and it is I, with little or no contribution on their part, who built these great media companies.”For months, father and daughter communicated by fax.Relations thawed in the fall of 2008 when the Redstones came precariously close to losing their empire. Amid the financial crisis, banks called in $1.6 billion in loans the Redstones had used to make investments, including for theater expansion. Shari Redstone worked alongside the family’s attorneys to restructure the debt and preserve their holdings.But Shari Redstone was once again sidelined in recent years as her father’s much younger girlfriend, Sydney Holland, and another companion, Manuela Herzer, played central roles in the mogul’s life — until last fall.Herzer, 51, in November filed a lawsuit that alleged that Sumner Redstone is no longer mentally competent. The petition came about six weeks after Sumner Redstone cut Herzer out of his will. Until then, Herzer was in line to receive $50 million from Redstone, as well as his Beverly Park mansion, worth $20 million, according to a court document filed last week.Shari Redstone has contended that the women drove a wedge between her and her father. She also noted in a court declaration filed this month that Herzer had already received $70 million in gifts from Sumner Redstone since 2009.“Once Ms. Herzer was out of my father’s life, my family and I were able to reunite with my father,” Shari Redstone said in a declaration filed this month.An attorney for Herzer, Pierce O’Donnell, has disputed Shari Redstone’s claims and said Herzer’s privacy had been invaded.

“While Shari was an absentee daughter, Manuela was at Sumner’s side assuring that he had the very best health care,” O’Donnell said in a statement. Shari Redstone, in her declaration, said she has visited her father 39 times since late October.Another dispute became public this month when Sumner Redstone led the Viacom board’s 10-1 vote in support of Dauman as chairman. That came after Shari Redstone took herself out of the running and said the chairman should be someone who is independent and not “intertwined in Redstone family matters.”Her hands might be tied at the moment.“There is not much that she can do now, unless she can get her father to change his mind,” said Louis A. Mezzullo, a San Diego County attorney who deals with business succession and estate planning. “As long as Sumner Redstone controls the 80%, then what he says goes, and Dauman will be in charge at Viacom — at least until her father is declared incompetent or dies.”When that occurs, the Sumner M. Redstone Trust goes into effect. The trust will oversee Sumner Redstone’s 80% stake in National Amusements Inc., which controls Viacom and CBS.The mogul established the trust and named his five grandchildren as beneficiaries. Shari Redstone is one of seven trustees along with one of her sons, Tyler Korff, who has a law degree and is a rabbi. Dauman also is a trustee.“My singular objective is to protect and build value for all of Viacom's shareholders and in doing so, for all the beneficiaries of Sumner's trust, who not only include the descendants of his daughter — but also those of her brother,” Dauman said during a call last week with Wall Street analysts. Shari Redstone’s brother, Brent Redstone, also has had conflicts with her and Sumner Redstone. A decade ago Brent Redstone filed a lawsuit looking to break up National Amusements. To settle the suit, Sumner and Shari Redstone bought out his stake in the company for about $250 million.All of this probably sets the stage for a protracted battle over what happens to Viacom and CBS.“There is nothing that makes family members hate each other more than fights over money or control,” Mezzullo said. “It will be interesting to see how this all plays out. It looks like a prescription for a lot of contention, family tensions and lawsuits.”meg.james@latimes.comFollow me on Twitter: @MegJamesLATALSORepublican debate ratings are growing again, with 13.51 million viewers on Saturday'Star Wars' film production company sued for Harrison Ford accidentProfane superhero 'Deadpool' kills it at the box office over 'How to Be Single' and 'Zoolander 2'

Copyright
            © 2017, Los Angeles Times
 Sumner Redstone Viacom Philippe P. Dauman















At FYF Fest and elsewhere, hip-hop embraces middle age

'Thrones' creators David Benioff and D.B. Weiss land 'Confederate' on HBO

CBS signs three performers to main 'Hawaii Five-0' cast, replacing Daniel Dae Kim and Grace Park



















EDITION: California | U.S. & WorldLocalSportsPoliticsEntertainmentOpinionMost PopularPlace An Ad78°





















Too much NFL on TV? CBS executive Shari Redstone thinks so































































 



Skip to content





 




Awful Announcing


To search this site, enter a search term


Submit search form
search 








Link to Twitter Link to Twitter




Link to Facebook Link to Facebook




Link to RSS Link to RSS










Too much NFL on TV? CBS executive Shari Redstone thinks so

							“It got very confusing for the consumer with the NFL last year. I think they were on too many networks."						





CBSNFLBy Ian Casselberry on 06/03/201706/03/2017 


Too much football? Such a thing might not seem possible to diehard NFL fans. But watching pro football is no longer a diversion for an entire Sunday with Monday nights mixed in and following news through the rest of the week.
The NFL is on Thursdays. It’s on Saturdays (after college football season ends). And with games played in London, early Sunday mornings are also filled with NFL action. It’s become pervasive. And if the NFL is on all the time, does a game stand out as a special event?
Shari Redstone, controlling shareholder of CBS and Viacom, believes too much NFL is on TV right now. And that makes it easier to pass over unless your favorite team (Redstone is a New England Patriots fan) is playing. Appearing at Recode’s annual Code Conference earlier this week, Redstone said too much product on so many different channels confuses football fans.
 
The latest







The Fighter and The Kid’s Brendan Schaub talks Mayweather-McGregor press tour and more


Nolan Arenado hit three home runs in a game Rockies fans were unable to watch on TV


Analyst suggests WWE could move live programming to Facebook


Superstition in the booth? Baseball broadcasters weigh in on how to call a no-hitter




		Via Recode:
“It got very confusing for the consumer with the NFL last year,” Redstone said Wednesday at Recode’s annual Code Conference. “I think they were on too many networks, they started to commoditize the experience and not really keep it as something that was really special on Sundays, on Thursdays. You didn’t know what network it was found on.”
There is a fine line between giving the people what they want and oversaturating the market, a balance entertainment providers with which entertainment providers frequently struggle. A network show like American Idol or Who Wants to Be a Millionaire becomes a big hit and networks get greedy by putting it on multiple days per week, rather than once or twice. Movie studios crank out sequels quickly after initial hits. Arguably, that’s now happening with the NFL.
One key difference, however, is that networks are fiercely competing for rights to NFL game broadcasts. Streaming outlets like Twitter and Amazon have now joined the battle. Live games are content that won’t be left on DVRs to watch later. Very, very few are going to stream a NFL game days or weeks after it was played. The NFL is serving market demand, rather than overestimating its appeal.
So if all these companies and conglomerates want pro football, is the NFL supposed to say no and exercise some restraint? (Not to mention turning away the hundreds of millions of dollars that networks are putting on the table.)

Redstone’s stance doesn’t mean that CBS won’t dial back its interest in the NFL, of course. Pro football is big business and draws huge ratings for the network, which paid big money to add the Thursday Night Football package to its regular Sunday afternoon and evening coverage.
“People want exclusive content,” Redstone told Recode’s Peter Kafka. “I have full confidence in the NFL. They are a great organization and we love our football.”
[Recode]





About Ian Casselberry
Ian is an editor for The Comeback and Awful Announcing. He has covered baseball for Yahoo! Sports, MLive.com, Bleacher Report and SB Nation, and provides analysis for several sports talk radio shows each week. He currently lives in Asheville, NC.



					View all posts by Ian Casselberry				

						Follow on Twitter					







 

						Show Comments (24)					







Hkkg Bgik



The NFL is boring as shit. Give me College football all day 






Shawn Diiorio



Said No One, ever.






Hkkg Bgik



Lol triggered NFL snowflake. College football actually has real fans and people that actual care. 






Therealdan McKelvey



Cut it out…Get you meds










Therealdan McKelvey



Hope you get your meds in time….








Carter_Burger67



NFL is killling the goose that lays the golden eggs.  Boring, bland, politically correct product and on as many channels as possibles.  I’d correct Shari on one point.  It’s not confusing us, we just ain’t watching as much anymore.






Bud



college football is for nfl wanna be’s  .The big league is too tough for a lot of college boys .Back to Shari Redstone, maybe you  need to give more credit to fans then you are,we like our games even when it is a team we don’t care for,we can route for them to get beat by the other team…






tmcb



couldn’t agree more.
If it wasn’t for Fantasy Football, i would watch a lot less. There is absolutely nothing special at all about playing on Thursday, Sunday or Monday night. Zero. I watch my team religously and it’s background video for all the rest. Why should i pay attention to any game other than my team? cause there will be another game on momentarily… You can thank Roger Goodell for this too. Cause EVERY single thing he does is to create more money for the owners. Teams, players, fans be damned.






Ms. Fit kitty



A true football fan would wanna watch all games.. whats the point on just watching your team and not see how your next opponent does… idk maybe I’m just a big fan…








Shawn Diiorio



If the NFL was on Network TV 7 days a week in Prime Time, It would win the ratings every single night. It would beat out any other show or event.. Period.
I suggest if the executives want something else capable of drawing similar ratings, they come up with tv programming that is not hot garbage.






Candicedsutton




Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj260d:
On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it
 !mj260d:
➽➽
➽➽;➽➽  http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash260TopBuzzPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★:::::!mj260d..,..









Ms. Fit kitty



HOW IS THERE TO MUCH FOOTBALL ON TV? And how many other channels are there on tv? Lol if you don’t wanna watch football all day change the channel. Lmbo.Go on and tune in to “reality” tv if thats what you’re into.lol






Larry Leyba



Excellent point








Joshua



I  must be in the minority.  I like the NFL on as many days and channels as possible.  Never a rerun.  Fair weather fans stick to your red zone channel and your inability to sit through bad football.  These are the same whiners who bore you with stories of what they binge watch. Keep me satiated with football please, especially in these times.






Larry Leyba



The more football that is shown on tv the more chance they have of getting my eyes on their product and I will explain why. My team is outside of my market. Where I live I get three games during the morning and afternoon. It’s always the Cowboys, Broncos and one other game. Since my team is generally at the same time 2nd network  the Broncos, I rarely get my team on TV unless they are playing Denver. Now if there is a chance Denver has a Sunday night, Monday night or Thursday night game, I have a better chance of catching my team. Also if there are games on Sunday, Monday and Thursday night, there is a better chance my am will be on on one of those nights. Over all I get a better chance my team will be on and that is  only time I will watch. Oh and I am not going to be paying the NFL and direct tv  hard arned money for the privilege of watching their product, I have other important things to spend my money on like feeding and carting for my children, wife and elderly mother. I  not a football fan, I am a Raider fan and if they are not on tv than I have no interest. That’s why they have a better chance of catching my eyes if they have football every day of the week.






MrBull



In theory she is right…it use to be just Sunday’s in the morning and afternoon along with Monday Night….
Then came Sunday Night (which seems logical)…but, now Thursday’s….London and other foreign city games at real early hours…two games on Monday Night to open the season and the Season Opener on Thursday Night…just ridiculous….
Much like college football is pushing over saturation on days beyond Saturday, the NFL is doing the same…
Cut it back to Sundays and Monday night…






Jim



It’s not the number of quality games every week.  I think most of the games are quality games.  The real problem seems to be trying to find quality commentators and analysts.  Collingsworth, Sims, Aikman, Buck and too many more to mention, they all stink.  There are one or two really good ones, but the majority of them just plain SUCK.  I have been watching the games on mute, so that I don’t have to listen to them ramble on about this or that.  I’m not sure most of them are even aware there’s a game they’re supposed to be talking about.
Get better announcers, you’ll get better results, but I think the problem with viewership lies with the lousy commentators.






Bo Lasquis



She’s not speaking for this consumer. I love it!






Dale Moog



She is right in theory but in practice she is wrong. The biggest problem is the Stupid Thursday night package. With half the games produced by NBC and half by CBS with ALL the games on NFL network but only some on NBC or CBS Then you had Twitter last year as the streaming site now this year it is Amazon. Last year you could stream for free and this year you have to pay for Amazon Prime to be able to stream. This is the Third different Thursday night rights package in three years not mention you add the London games that are on a different network each year and they added a 4th one this year. plus the fact that they keep one (Jacksonville) as a free streaming only game. This year it is on a site most people have never heard of Verzion go90 last year that game was on Yahoo. the days when you had Sunday on CBS NBC and or FOX Sunday night on ESPN and Monday night on ABC are long gone get used to the crap that now is Thursday night football






Chris Macy



Of course CBS thinks the games are on too many networks;  they’d like CBS to be the only network broadcasting NFL games!  Although I agree that the American public is stupid (look who they elected in 2016), I’m pretty sure they know how to find out which channel is broadcasting games!






sportsfan365



The NFL needs to fix the Thursday night product by having those teams on a bye week before they play on Thursday, otherwise the only problem is with weak network announcing teams.






sarah413



The league can fix the problem easily, but won’t.  How about NO games on Thursday.  Simple solution. Not going to happen, though.
“We care about he overall health and safety of the players” the league says.  Then, they show how much they “care” by having teams play 2 times in a 4 day span.  If that’s “caring” then that’s just more nonsense coming from the owners.  Maybe, when it comes time for the next CBA, the players simply refuse to sign any agreement unless the league drops the Thursday night game.






Pingback: Carlos Henderson and Isaiah McKenzie off to great starts for the Broncos | Local Sports & Brews in Denver, Boulder & the Front Range of Colorado()





joejohnson291



If Redstone holds a controlling interest,the best thing she could do is fire Les Moonves,and send his little wife Julie packing out the door with him.








Related Content



Five guys who aren’t college football head coaches now, but might be soonWhat does ‘Stick to Sports’ even mean anymore?After a dispute, man mows ‘A-HOLE’ with an arrow towards his neighbor’s houseWhich SEC coaches are sitting on the hottest seats going into the 2017 season? 

Recent Posts



Online Outlets				


VICE Sports lays off staff as it pivots to video 






Local Networks

This Week In Hot Takes: Tony Massarotti says MLB players have “too much power”


This week saw hot takes on Pablo Sandoval, dunks, Lonzo Ball, the Knicks, and foul balls.







NCAA				


Buddy Stephens finds self-awareness (sort of) in gripping new season of “Last Chance U” 





 





Fox

Chris Spielman says he’ll donate any likeness lawsuit winnings back to Ohio State


Spielman said he wants to partner with the school, but they've been unreceptive.









General

Don’t expect to see O.J. Simpson in sports media or reality TV


So it appears O.J. appearances on FS1 are out of the question









Viewing Picks

Viewing Picks for July 21, 2017


The Open Championship continues at 4 a.m. Saturday








Sidebar

 
Top Stories







With Jamie Horowitz gone, where in the world does Fox Sports go from here?


Caitlyn Jenner at the ESPYS: The night the right wing turned on ESPN


The Fox Sports 1/FS1 Timeline reveals a network that showed no patience


Frustration, uncertainty, dread and layoffs: An inside look at Jamie Horowitz’s takeover of Fox Sports Digital


Your 2017 MLB local broadcaster rankings


Mystery Man: The Legend of PFT Commenter


How “Pardon My Take” took over sports podcasting










Popular PostsDisney carriage negotiations could boost ESPN subscribers and fees, and change the network’s narrativePlane landed and evacuated after fart, making passengers “ill with nausea and headaches”An interview with the man who took a pitch during his baby gender revealTop 5 surprises in the first half of the 2017 MLS season


 
Pop Culture







Somehow, RoboCop’s social commentary feels more relevant 30 years later


What’s coming & going on Netflix in July 2017


Why was Jean-Claude Van Damme fired from the original Predator? No one can agree why


Ten years later, The Sopranos finale remains influential whether you liked it or not


Master of None returns with a broader, deeper second season


What really is the greatest Simpsons episode of all time?









Recent Posts



Online Outlets				


VICE Sports lays off staff as it pivots to video 






Local Networks

This Week In Hot Takes: Tony Massarotti says MLB players have “too much power”


This week saw hot takes on Pablo Sandoval, dunks, Lonzo Ball, the Knicks, and foul balls.







NCAA				


Buddy Stephens finds self-awareness (sort of) in gripping new season of “Last Chance U” 





 





Fox

Chris Spielman says he’ll donate any likeness lawsuit winnings back to Ohio State


Spielman said he wants to partner with the school, but they've been unreceptive.









General

Don’t expect to see O.J. Simpson in sports media or reality TV


So it appears O.J. appearances on FS1 are out of the question









Viewing Picks

Viewing Picks for July 21, 2017


The Open Championship continues at 4 a.m. Saturday













 



















arrow





Shari Redstone - Wikipedia





















 






Shari Redstone

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Advancit Capital)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Shari Redstone


Born
(1954-04-14) April 14, 1954 (age 63)
Washington, D.C., US


Education
Tufts University (B.S.)
Boston University (J.D.)


Spouse(s)
Ira A. Korff (also known as Yitzhak Aharon Korff; divorced; 3 children)[1][2]


Children
Kimberlee Korff
Brandon Korff
Tyler Korff


Parent(s)
Sumner Redstone and Phyllis Gloria Raphael


Relatives
Michael Redstone (grandfather)
Brent Redstone (brother)


Shari Ellin Redstone (born April 14, 1954) is an American media executive with a background in numerous aspects of the entertainment industry and related ventures.[3] She currently serves as the president of National Amusements as well as vice-chairwoman of CBS Corporation[4] and Viacom.[5] Through National Amusements, Shari Redstone and her family are majority owners of CBS Corporation, Viacom, MTV Networks, BET, and the film studio Paramount Pictures.



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Career

2.1 After the resignation of Sumner Redstone


3 Personal life

3.1 Philanthropy


4 References
5 External links



Early life and education[edit]
Redstone is the daughter of Sumner Redstone and Phyllis Gloria Raphael and sister of Brent Redstone. Her grandfather was Michael Redstone who was the original founder of National Amusements, the parent company that now owns the majority of the Redstone media empire. He also changed the family name from Rothstein to Redstone in 1940. She holds a Bachelor of Science from Tufts University, graduating in 1975. She received her law degrees at Boston University School of Law in 1978 (J.D.) and in 1980 (LLM). She practiced corporate law, estate planning and criminal law in the Boston area before joining National Amusements.[6]
Career[edit]
Since 1999, she has been President of National Amusements, one of the top 10 movie exhibitors in the United States.[7] Ms. Redstone has expanded the company's international footprint and its exploration of new technologies.[8][9][10][11][12]
In 2000, while at National Amusements, Redstone entered the Russian theater market, giving patrons there the opportunity to experience high-end luxury theaters.[13] In 2010, Redstone and her partners purchased the theaters that they had built and formed Rising Star Media,[14] of which she was Chairman, and turned it into the top grossing cinema chain in that country.[15] Redstone and her partners sold Rising Star Media in 2011[15][16]
In 2011, Redstone became Co-Founder and Managing Partner of Advancit Capital, LLC,[17] an investment platform focusing on early stage in media, entertainment and technology.[17] In addition, she is Co-Chairman of MovieTickets.com,[18] Inc. and is a member of the Board of Directors and Executive Committee for the National Theatre Owners Association (NATO).[18]
In 2007, Redstone and her father feuded publicly over issues of corporate governance and the future of the cinema chain.[19] Documents have been made public which verify that, as part of a settlement from Sumner's first divorce, all of Sumner's stock is in irrevocable trusts that will be left to his grandchildren.[20] The trusts are said to make it clear that Shari Redstone, Vice-Chairwoman of the Board of Viacom and CBS, is to assume her father's role upon his death.[dubious – discuss][citation needed]
In 2016, Redstone gave the statement on Succession. Los Angeles, CA – “As Vice Chair of CBS Corp. and Viacom, Inc., and as President of National Amusements, Inc. (the controlling shareholder of CBS and Viacom), my singular focus is to act in the companies’ best interests by ensuring that each company has a strong Chair, a Board of Directors which diligently oversees management, and an outstanding leadership team.
As has been accurately reported, my father’s Trust states his intention that I succeed him as (non-executive) Chair at CBS and Viacom, and also names me as a Trustee after his death. However, it is my firm belief that whoever may succeed my father as Chair at each company should be someone who is not a Trustee of my father’s trust or otherwise intertwined in Redstone family matters, but rather a leader with an independent voice. I was honored to nominate Les as the CBS Chair and am delighted to congratulate him on his new position. He follows in the visionary tradition of my father, and I know that Les will successfully lead CBS into the digital future.”[21]
After the resignation of Sumner Redstone[edit]
On February 3, 2016, her father resigned as CBS Executive Chairman after questions arose about his mental competency. CBS's board then offered Shari Redstone the position of non-executive chair but she declined.[22] The CBS board announced that Les Moonves replaced Sumner Redstone as CBS Chairman.[23]
On February 4, 2016, against Shari Redstone's desires,[24][25][26] Viacom's board of directors named Philippe Dauman, already the CEO and President, the Chairman, replacing Sumner Redstone.[23]
Personal life[edit]
Redstone married Rabbi Ira A. Korff,[27] also known as Grand Rabbi Yitzhak Aharon Korff, and had three children but later divorced.[1][28] Her ex-husband was president and director of National Amusements until two years after they divorced.[1]
Philanthropy[edit]
Shari Redstone is currently[when?] a member of the Board of Directors at Combined Jewish Philanthropies and the Board of Trustees at Dana Farber Cancer Institute.[18] She is also on the Board of Directors of The National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse (CASA) at Columbia University[29] and the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation.[30] Ms. Redstone recently joined the Board and Executive Committee of “Our Time”, a mass-membership organization that stands for the economic interests and political inclusion of young Americans aged 18–30. She sits on the Local Advisory Board and Executive Committee for BUILD, a non-profit organization which uses entrepreneurship to propel low income youth through high school and into college.[31]
References[edit]


^ a b c "Former Redstone Son-in-Law Quits Theater Chain". Los Angeles Times. 20 May 1994. Retrieved 4 February 2016. 
^ "Trouble in the House of Redstone". Boston Magazine. Retrieved 4 February 2016. 
^ "Shari Redstone". Forbes. 2012-04-18. Archived from the original on November 23, 2013. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "Sumner M. Redstone". CBS Corporation. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ [1]
^ "List of Private Companies Worldwide, Letter - Businessweek". Investing.businessweek.com. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "statisticscircuits". natoonline.org. Retrieved 2014-01-20. 
^ "Shari Redstone Says U.S. Has Too Many Cinemas, ‘Thousands’ Should Close - Bloomberg". Mobile.bloomberg.com. 2011-07-08. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "Foxboro, MA: National Amusements Debuts New Upscale Cinema Concept at Patriot Place - The BigScreen Cinema Guide". Bigscreen.com. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "4/30/2002, The Bridge: Cinema De Lux - Almanac, Vol. 48, No. 32". Upenn.edu. 2002-04-30. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "National Amusements Moves to a Digital Future with Sony 4K Digital Cinema... - PARK RIDGE, N.J., Oct. 7 /PRNewswire/". Prnewswire.com. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "Sumner Redstone's Daughter Shari Launches Media, Tech Investment Firm". The Hollywood Reporter. 2011-08-26. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ [2][dead link]
^ Eller, Claudia (2010-01-08). "Shari Redstone buys Russian theaters from her family firm - Los Angeles Times". Articles.latimes.com. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ a b "Shari Redstone's Rising Star Media sold to Russian theater chain - latimes.com". Latimesblogs.latimes.com. 2011-06-06. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ Lenzner, Robert (2011-09-06). "Shari Redstone Makes Huge Profit By Selling Russian Theaters For $190 Million". Forbes. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ a b James, Meg (2011-08-27). "Shari Redstone launches investment firm Advancit Capital - Los Angeles Times". latimes.com. Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ a b c "Shari Redstone". CBS Corporation. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ Abelson, Jenn (2007-09-19). "Redstone says he relies on his instinct - The Boston Globe". Boston.com. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ Eller, Claudia (2007-08-02). "Redstone family rift may not be healed - Los Angeles Times". Latimes.com. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "Shari Redstone | CBS Corporation". www.cbscorporation.com. Retrieved 2016-02-11. 
^ Reuters (3 February 2016). "Sumner Redstone Resigns as CBS Executive Chairman". Fortune. Retrieved 4 February 2016. 
^ a b "Viacom names Philippe Dauman as new board chairman, replacing Sumner Redstone". USA Today. 4 February 2016. Retrieved 4 February 2016. 
^ David Lieberman. "Viacom Names Philippe Dauman Chairman Succeeding Sumner Redstone - Deadline". Deadline. Retrieved 4 February 2016. 
^ "Succession battle engulfs Sumner Redstone’s media empire". Financial Times. Retrieved 4 February 2016. 
^ Chris Palmeri, Lucas Shaw (4 February 2016). "Viacom's Board Names Dauman Chairman, Replacing Aging Redstone". Bloomberg.com. Retrieved 4 February 2016. 
^ "The Jewish Post and Opinion, July 18, 1980, Page10". 
^ William D. Cohan. "Sumner Redstone Shows Yet Another Ex-Girlfriend to the Door". Vanity Fair. Retrieved 4 February 2016. 
^ "Press Releases". CASAColumbia. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "Board of Directors - John F. Kennedy Presidential Library & Museum". Jfklibrary.org. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "Local Advisory Board | BUILD Greater Boston". Buildinboston.org. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 


External links[edit]

The Talented Ms. Redstone (2002)
Tufts E-News: Media Mogul In Training (May 2, 2002)
Shari Redstone Is Expected To Leave Viacom's Board (July 19, 2007)
Father Daughter Split at Viacom (2007-07-30)







v
t
e


CBS Corporation



Corporate directors



David R. Andelman
Joseph A. Califano Jr.
William S. Cohen
Charles K. Gifford
Leonard Goldberg
Bruce S. Gordon
Arnold Kopelson
Leslie Moonves
Doug Morris
Shari Redstone
Sumner Redstone





Radio stations







v
t
e


CBS Radio



AM Radio Stations



KCBS
KDKA
KFNQ
KHTK
KIKK
KILT
KMOX
KNX
KRAK
KRLD
KXNT
KXST
KYW
KZDG
WAOK
WBBM
WBZ
WCBS
WCCO
WFAN
WINS
WJFK
WJZ
WPHT
WQAM
WSCR
WTIC
WWJ
WXYT





FM Radio Stations



KALV-FM
KAMP-FM
KCBS-FM
KDKA-FM
KEGY
KEZK-FM
KEZN
KFRC-FM
KFRG
KHMX
KILT-FM
KITS
KJAQ
KJKK
KKHH
KLLC
KLOL
KLUC-FM
KLUV
KMLE
KMNB
KMPS-FM
KMVK
KMVQ-FM
KMXB
KNCI
KOOL-FM
KRLD-FM
KROQ-FM
KRTH
KSFM
KTWV
KVFG
KVIL
KXFG
KXQQ-FM
KXTE
KYKY
KYMX
KYXY
KZJK
KZOK-FM
KZZO
WBBM-FM
WBMP
WBMX
WBZ-FM
WBZZ
WCBS-FM
WCFS-FM
WDCH-FM
WDOK
WDSY-FM
WDZH
WFAN-FM
WIAD
WIP-FM
WJFK-FM
WJMK
WJZ-FM
WKIS
WKRK-FM
WLIF
WLZL
WNCX
WNEW-FM
WOCL
WODS
WOGL
WOMC
WOMX-FM
WPGC-FM
WPOW
WQAL
WQMP
WRCH
WTDY-FM
WTIC-FM
WUSN
WVEE
WWMX
WXRT
WXTU
WXYT-FM
WYCD
WZGC
WZLX
WZMX





Radio Networks



Boston Bruins Radio
CBS Radio News
CBS Sports Radio
New York Yankees Radio





Digital properties



Eventful
Last.fm
Play.it








See also
Infinity Broadcasting Corporation (former company name)








Broadcast TV assets



CBS
The CW (co-owned with Warner Bros.)
Decades (co-owned with Weigel Broadcasting)





Network facilities



CBS Building
CBS Broadcast Center
CBS Studio Center
CBS Television City
Ed Sullivan Theater





CBS Television Studios



CBS Productions
CBS Television Distribution
Big Ticket Entertainment





Broadcast stations







v
t
e


CBS Television Stations



CBS/DEC O&O



KCBS
KCNC
KDKA
KOVR
KPIX
KTVT
KYW
WBBM
WBZ
WCBS
WCCO
WFOR
WJZ
WWJ





CW O&O



KBCW
KMAX
KSTW
WKBD
WPCW
WPSG
WTOG
WUPA





Other stations



Ind.

KCAL
KTXA
WBXI-CD (weather)
WLNY-TV


MyNetworkTV

WBFS
WSBK










Cable channels



Showtime Networks
CBS Sports Network
Pop (50% with Lionsgate)
AXS TV (minority stake)





CBS Studios International



CBS Action
CBS Drama
CBS Europa
CBS Reality
Horror Channel
Eleven
RTL CBS Entertainment
RTL CBS Extreme





CBS Interactive







v
t
e


CBS Interactive



Brands



BNET
CBSNews.com
CBS MoneyWatch
CBSSports.com

247Sports.com
MaxPreps.com


Chowhound
Clicker.com
CNET
Comic Vine
GameSpot
Giant Bomb
Last.fm
Metacritic
mySimon
onGamers
SmartPlanet
TechRepublic
TV.com
UrbanBaby
ZDNet





Related websites



CBS Innertube
Download.com
FindArticles
GameFAQs
GameRankings
Gooey
MovieTome
MP3.com
VersionTracker
Wallstrip





Channels and Shows



Buzz Out Loud
CBSN
CNET TV
MobLogic





Staff, current



Dan Ackerman
Bridget Carey
Brian Cooley
Jeff Gerstmann
Jim Lanzone
Daniel Terdiman





Staff, former



Matthew Barzun
Veronica Belmont
Esther Dyson
Ina Fried
Richard Hart
James Kim
Declan McCullagh
Tom Merritt
Halsey Minor
Natali Morris
Rafe Needleman
Andrew Nusca
Ryan Seacrest
Molly Wood





Contributors, current



Violet Blue
Christopher Dawson
David Gewirtz
Jason Perlow





Contributors, former



Harry McCracken








Simon & Schuster



Atria Publishing Group

37 INK


Howard
Pimsleur
Pocket
Scribner
Simon & Schuster
Threshold
Aladdin
Atheneum





Miscellaneous assets



CBS All Access
CBS Consumer Products
CBS Records
Westinghouse Electric
CBS Home Entertainment
CBS Films
CBS News
CBS Sports





Defunct properties



CBS Cable
CBS Paramount Domestic Television
CBS Paramount Network Television
Free FM
King World Productions
Spelling Television
UPN
Worldvision Enterprises





See also



Viacom (original)
National Amusements
Westinghouse Electric Corporation
Gulf and Western Industries












v
t
e


Viacom



Corporate directors



Bob Bakish (CEO)
Ellen V. Futter
Alan C. Greenberg
Charles Phillips
Sumner Redstone (Chairman Emeritus)
Shari Redstone
William Schwartz





Viacom Media Networks





BET Networks




BET

BET Gospel
BET Hip-Hop
BET Jams
BET Soul


Centric






Global Entertainment Group




CMT

CMT Music


Comedy Central

Comedy Central Extra


Logo TV
MTV

MTV2
MTVU

RateMyProfessors.com


MTV Classic
MTV Live
MTV Tres


Spike
TV Land
VH1

VH1 Classic Europe








Nickelodeon Group




Nickelodeon

Nick at Nite
Nick Jr.
NickMusic
Nicktoons
Noggin
TeenNick










Paramount Motion Pictures Group





Paramount Pictures Corporation




Paramount Pictures
Paramount Vantage
Paramount Animation
Paramount Television
Insurge Pictures
Republic Pictures
United International Pictures (50% ownership)






MTV branded labels




Comedy Central Films
MTV Films
Nickelodeon Movies








Television stations



KVMM-CD (part of Tres)





Music



Comedy Central Records
Nick Records





Miscellaneous assets



Viacom International
Viacom 18 (India)
Viacom Entertainment Store
Bellator MMA
MovieTickets.com
Nickelodeon Kids & Family Virtual Worlds Group
Nickelodeon on Sunset
Nickelodeon Animation Studio





See also



CBS Corporation
Gulf and Western Industries
National Amusements
Viacom (original)
Viacom criticisms and controversies










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Shari_Redstone&oldid=790244531"					
Categories: 1954 birthsLiving peopleJewish American philanthropistsAmerican entertainment industry businesspeopleTufts University alumniBoston University School of Law alumniRedstone familyHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from March 2014Articles with hCardsAll accuracy disputesArticles with disputed statements from February 2016All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2016All articles with vague or ambiguous timeVague or ambiguous time from February 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 14:19.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Shari Redstone - Wikipedia





















 






Shari Redstone

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Advancit Capital)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Shari Redstone


Born
(1954-04-14) April 14, 1954 (age 63)
Washington, D.C., US


Education
Tufts University (B.S.)
Boston University (J.D.)


Spouse(s)
Ira A. Korff (also known as Yitzhak Aharon Korff; divorced; 3 children)[1][2]


Children
Kimberlee Korff
Brandon Korff
Tyler Korff


Parent(s)
Sumner Redstone and Phyllis Gloria Raphael


Relatives
Michael Redstone (grandfather)
Brent Redstone (brother)


Shari Ellin Redstone (born April 14, 1954) is an American media executive with a background in numerous aspects of the entertainment industry and related ventures.[3] She currently serves as the president of National Amusements as well as vice-chairwoman of CBS Corporation[4] and Viacom.[5] Through National Amusements, Shari Redstone and her family are majority owners of CBS Corporation, Viacom, MTV Networks, BET, and the film studio Paramount Pictures.



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Career

2.1 After the resignation of Sumner Redstone


3 Personal life

3.1 Philanthropy


4 References
5 External links



Early life and education[edit]
Redstone is the daughter of Sumner Redstone and Phyllis Gloria Raphael and sister of Brent Redstone. Her grandfather was Michael Redstone who was the original founder of National Amusements, the parent company that now owns the majority of the Redstone media empire. He also changed the family name from Rothstein to Redstone in 1940. She holds a Bachelor of Science from Tufts University, graduating in 1975. She received her law degrees at Boston University School of Law in 1978 (J.D.) and in 1980 (LLM). She practiced corporate law, estate planning and criminal law in the Boston area before joining National Amusements.[6]
Career[edit]
Since 1999, she has been President of National Amusements, one of the top 10 movie exhibitors in the United States.[7] Ms. Redstone has expanded the company's international footprint and its exploration of new technologies.[8][9][10][11][12]
In 2000, while at National Amusements, Redstone entered the Russian theater market, giving patrons there the opportunity to experience high-end luxury theaters.[13] In 2010, Redstone and her partners purchased the theaters that they had built and formed Rising Star Media,[14] of which she was Chairman, and turned it into the top grossing cinema chain in that country.[15] Redstone and her partners sold Rising Star Media in 2011[15][16]
In 2011, Redstone became Co-Founder and Managing Partner of Advancit Capital, LLC,[17] an investment platform focusing on early stage in media, entertainment and technology.[17] In addition, she is Co-Chairman of MovieTickets.com,[18] Inc. and is a member of the Board of Directors and Executive Committee for the National Theatre Owners Association (NATO).[18]
In 2007, Redstone and her father feuded publicly over issues of corporate governance and the future of the cinema chain.[19] Documents have been made public which verify that, as part of a settlement from Sumner's first divorce, all of Sumner's stock is in irrevocable trusts that will be left to his grandchildren.[20] The trusts are said to make it clear that Shari Redstone, Vice-Chairwoman of the Board of Viacom and CBS, is to assume her father's role upon his death.[dubious – discuss][citation needed]
In 2016, Redstone gave the statement on Succession. Los Angeles, CA – “As Vice Chair of CBS Corp. and Viacom, Inc., and as President of National Amusements, Inc. (the controlling shareholder of CBS and Viacom), my singular focus is to act in the companies’ best interests by ensuring that each company has a strong Chair, a Board of Directors which diligently oversees management, and an outstanding leadership team.
As has been accurately reported, my father’s Trust states his intention that I succeed him as (non-executive) Chair at CBS and Viacom, and also names me as a Trustee after his death. However, it is my firm belief that whoever may succeed my father as Chair at each company should be someone who is not a Trustee of my father’s trust or otherwise intertwined in Redstone family matters, but rather a leader with an independent voice. I was honored to nominate Les as the CBS Chair and am delighted to congratulate him on his new position. He follows in the visionary tradition of my father, and I know that Les will successfully lead CBS into the digital future.”[21]
After the resignation of Sumner Redstone[edit]
On February 3, 2016, her father resigned as CBS Executive Chairman after questions arose about his mental competency. CBS's board then offered Shari Redstone the position of non-executive chair but she declined.[22] The CBS board announced that Les Moonves replaced Sumner Redstone as CBS Chairman.[23]
On February 4, 2016, against Shari Redstone's desires,[24][25][26] Viacom's board of directors named Philippe Dauman, already the CEO and President, the Chairman, replacing Sumner Redstone.[23]
Personal life[edit]
Redstone married Rabbi Ira A. Korff,[27] also known as Grand Rabbi Yitzhak Aharon Korff, and had three children but later divorced.[1][28] Her ex-husband was president and director of National Amusements until two years after they divorced.[1]
Philanthropy[edit]
Shari Redstone is currently[when?] a member of the Board of Directors at Combined Jewish Philanthropies and the Board of Trustees at Dana Farber Cancer Institute.[18] She is also on the Board of Directors of The National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse (CASA) at Columbia University[29] and the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation.[30] Ms. Redstone recently joined the Board and Executive Committee of “Our Time”, a mass-membership organization that stands for the economic interests and political inclusion of young Americans aged 18–30. She sits on the Local Advisory Board and Executive Committee for BUILD, a non-profit organization which uses entrepreneurship to propel low income youth through high school and into college.[31]
References[edit]


^ a b c "Former Redstone Son-in-Law Quits Theater Chain". Los Angeles Times. 20 May 1994. Retrieved 4 February 2016. 
^ "Trouble in the House of Redstone". Boston Magazine. Retrieved 4 February 2016. 
^ "Shari Redstone". Forbes. 2012-04-18. Archived from the original on November 23, 2013. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "Sumner M. Redstone". CBS Corporation. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ [1]
^ "List of Private Companies Worldwide, Letter - Businessweek". Investing.businessweek.com. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "statisticscircuits". natoonline.org. Retrieved 2014-01-20. 
^ "Shari Redstone Says U.S. Has Too Many Cinemas, ‘Thousands’ Should Close - Bloomberg". Mobile.bloomberg.com. 2011-07-08. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "Foxboro, MA: National Amusements Debuts New Upscale Cinema Concept at Patriot Place - The BigScreen Cinema Guide". Bigscreen.com. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "4/30/2002, The Bridge: Cinema De Lux - Almanac, Vol. 48, No. 32". Upenn.edu. 2002-04-30. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "National Amusements Moves to a Digital Future with Sony 4K Digital Cinema... - PARK RIDGE, N.J., Oct. 7 /PRNewswire/". Prnewswire.com. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "Sumner Redstone's Daughter Shari Launches Media, Tech Investment Firm". The Hollywood Reporter. 2011-08-26. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ [2][dead link]
^ Eller, Claudia (2010-01-08). "Shari Redstone buys Russian theaters from her family firm - Los Angeles Times". Articles.latimes.com. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ a b "Shari Redstone's Rising Star Media sold to Russian theater chain - latimes.com". Latimesblogs.latimes.com. 2011-06-06. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ Lenzner, Robert (2011-09-06). "Shari Redstone Makes Huge Profit By Selling Russian Theaters For $190 Million". Forbes. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ a b James, Meg (2011-08-27). "Shari Redstone launches investment firm Advancit Capital - Los Angeles Times". latimes.com. Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ a b c "Shari Redstone". CBS Corporation. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ Abelson, Jenn (2007-09-19). "Redstone says he relies on his instinct - The Boston Globe". Boston.com. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ Eller, Claudia (2007-08-02). "Redstone family rift may not be healed - Los Angeles Times". Latimes.com. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "Shari Redstone | CBS Corporation". www.cbscorporation.com. Retrieved 2016-02-11. 
^ Reuters (3 February 2016). "Sumner Redstone Resigns as CBS Executive Chairman". Fortune. Retrieved 4 February 2016. 
^ a b "Viacom names Philippe Dauman as new board chairman, replacing Sumner Redstone". USA Today. 4 February 2016. Retrieved 4 February 2016. 
^ David Lieberman. "Viacom Names Philippe Dauman Chairman Succeeding Sumner Redstone - Deadline". Deadline. Retrieved 4 February 2016. 
^ "Succession battle engulfs Sumner Redstone’s media empire". Financial Times. Retrieved 4 February 2016. 
^ Chris Palmeri, Lucas Shaw (4 February 2016). "Viacom's Board Names Dauman Chairman, Replacing Aging Redstone". Bloomberg.com. Retrieved 4 February 2016. 
^ "The Jewish Post and Opinion, July 18, 1980, Page10". 
^ William D. Cohan. "Sumner Redstone Shows Yet Another Ex-Girlfriend to the Door". Vanity Fair. Retrieved 4 February 2016. 
^ "Press Releases". CASAColumbia. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "Board of Directors - John F. Kennedy Presidential Library & Museum". Jfklibrary.org. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "Local Advisory Board | BUILD Greater Boston". Buildinboston.org. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 


External links[edit]

The Talented Ms. Redstone (2002)
Tufts E-News: Media Mogul In Training (May 2, 2002)
Shari Redstone Is Expected To Leave Viacom's Board (July 19, 2007)
Father Daughter Split at Viacom (2007-07-30)







v
t
e


CBS Corporation



Corporate directors



David R. Andelman
Joseph A. Califano Jr.
William S. Cohen
Charles K. Gifford
Leonard Goldberg
Bruce S. Gordon
Arnold Kopelson
Leslie Moonves
Doug Morris
Shari Redstone
Sumner Redstone





Radio stations







v
t
e


CBS Radio



AM Radio Stations



KCBS
KDKA
KFNQ
KHTK
KIKK
KILT
KMOX
KNX
KRAK
KRLD
KXNT
KXST
KYW
KZDG
WAOK
WBBM
WBZ
WCBS
WCCO
WFAN
WINS
WJFK
WJZ
WPHT
WQAM
WSCR
WTIC
WWJ
WXYT





FM Radio Stations



KALV-FM
KAMP-FM
KCBS-FM
KDKA-FM
KEGY
KEZK-FM
KEZN
KFRC-FM
KFRG
KHMX
KILT-FM
KITS
KJAQ
KJKK
KKHH
KLLC
KLOL
KLUC-FM
KLUV
KMLE
KMNB
KMPS-FM
KMVK
KMVQ-FM
KMXB
KNCI
KOOL-FM
KRLD-FM
KROQ-FM
KRTH
KSFM
KTWV
KVFG
KVIL
KXFG
KXQQ-FM
KXTE
KYKY
KYMX
KYXY
KZJK
KZOK-FM
KZZO
WBBM-FM
WBMP
WBMX
WBZ-FM
WBZZ
WCBS-FM
WCFS-FM
WDCH-FM
WDOK
WDSY-FM
WDZH
WFAN-FM
WIAD
WIP-FM
WJFK-FM
WJMK
WJZ-FM
WKIS
WKRK-FM
WLIF
WLZL
WNCX
WNEW-FM
WOCL
WODS
WOGL
WOMC
WOMX-FM
WPGC-FM
WPOW
WQAL
WQMP
WRCH
WTDY-FM
WTIC-FM
WUSN
WVEE
WWMX
WXRT
WXTU
WXYT-FM
WYCD
WZGC
WZLX
WZMX





Radio Networks



Boston Bruins Radio
CBS Radio News
CBS Sports Radio
New York Yankees Radio





Digital properties



Eventful
Last.fm
Play.it








See also
Infinity Broadcasting Corporation (former company name)








Broadcast TV assets



CBS
The CW (co-owned with Warner Bros.)
Decades (co-owned with Weigel Broadcasting)





Network facilities



CBS Building
CBS Broadcast Center
CBS Studio Center
CBS Television City
Ed Sullivan Theater





CBS Television Studios



CBS Productions
CBS Television Distribution
Big Ticket Entertainment





Broadcast stations







v
t
e


CBS Television Stations



CBS/DEC O&O



KCBS
KCNC
KDKA
KOVR
KPIX
KTVT
KYW
WBBM
WBZ
WCBS
WCCO
WFOR
WJZ
WWJ





CW O&O



KBCW
KMAX
KSTW
WKBD
WPCW
WPSG
WTOG
WUPA





Other stations



Ind.

KCAL
KTXA
WBXI-CD (weather)
WLNY-TV


MyNetworkTV

WBFS
WSBK










Cable channels



Showtime Networks
CBS Sports Network
Pop (50% with Lionsgate)
AXS TV (minority stake)





CBS Studios International



CBS Action
CBS Drama
CBS Europa
CBS Reality
Horror Channel
Eleven
RTL CBS Entertainment
RTL CBS Extreme





CBS Interactive







v
t
e


CBS Interactive



Brands



BNET
CBSNews.com
CBS MoneyWatch
CBSSports.com

247Sports.com
MaxPreps.com


Chowhound
Clicker.com
CNET
Comic Vine
GameSpot
Giant Bomb
Last.fm
Metacritic
mySimon
onGamers
SmartPlanet
TechRepublic
TV.com
UrbanBaby
ZDNet





Related websites



CBS Innertube
Download.com
FindArticles
GameFAQs
GameRankings
Gooey
MovieTome
MP3.com
VersionTracker
Wallstrip





Channels and Shows



Buzz Out Loud
CBSN
CNET TV
MobLogic





Staff, current



Dan Ackerman
Bridget Carey
Brian Cooley
Jeff Gerstmann
Jim Lanzone
Daniel Terdiman





Staff, former



Matthew Barzun
Veronica Belmont
Esther Dyson
Ina Fried
Richard Hart
James Kim
Declan McCullagh
Tom Merritt
Halsey Minor
Natali Morris
Rafe Needleman
Andrew Nusca
Ryan Seacrest
Molly Wood





Contributors, current



Violet Blue
Christopher Dawson
David Gewirtz
Jason Perlow





Contributors, former



Harry McCracken








Simon & Schuster



Atria Publishing Group

37 INK


Howard
Pimsleur
Pocket
Scribner
Simon & Schuster
Threshold
Aladdin
Atheneum





Miscellaneous assets



CBS All Access
CBS Consumer Products
CBS Records
Westinghouse Electric
CBS Home Entertainment
CBS Films
CBS News
CBS Sports





Defunct properties



CBS Cable
CBS Paramount Domestic Television
CBS Paramount Network Television
Free FM
King World Productions
Spelling Television
UPN
Worldvision Enterprises





See also



Viacom (original)
National Amusements
Westinghouse Electric Corporation
Gulf and Western Industries












v
t
e


Viacom



Corporate directors



Bob Bakish (CEO)
Ellen V. Futter
Alan C. Greenberg
Charles Phillips
Sumner Redstone (Chairman Emeritus)
Shari Redstone
William Schwartz





Viacom Media Networks





BET Networks




BET

BET Gospel
BET Hip-Hop
BET Jams
BET Soul


Centric






Global Entertainment Group




CMT

CMT Music


Comedy Central

Comedy Central Extra


Logo TV
MTV

MTV2
MTVU

RateMyProfessors.com


MTV Classic
MTV Live
MTV Tres


Spike
TV Land
VH1

VH1 Classic Europe








Nickelodeon Group




Nickelodeon

Nick at Nite
Nick Jr.
NickMusic
Nicktoons
Noggin
TeenNick










Paramount Motion Pictures Group





Paramount Pictures Corporation




Paramount Pictures
Paramount Vantage
Paramount Animation
Paramount Television
Insurge Pictures
Republic Pictures
United International Pictures (50% ownership)






MTV branded labels




Comedy Central Films
MTV Films
Nickelodeon Movies








Television stations



KVMM-CD (part of Tres)





Music



Comedy Central Records
Nick Records





Miscellaneous assets



Viacom International
Viacom 18 (India)
Viacom Entertainment Store
Bellator MMA
MovieTickets.com
Nickelodeon Kids & Family Virtual Worlds Group
Nickelodeon on Sunset
Nickelodeon Animation Studio





See also



CBS Corporation
Gulf and Western Industries
National Amusements
Viacom (original)
Viacom criticisms and controversies










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Shari_Redstone&oldid=790244531"					
Categories: 1954 birthsLiving peopleJewish American philanthropistsAmerican entertainment industry businesspeopleTufts University alumniBoston University School of Law alumniRedstone familyHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from March 2014Articles with hCardsAll accuracy disputesArticles with disputed statements from February 2016All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2016All articles with vague or ambiguous timeVague or ambiguous time from February 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 14:19.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Shari Redstone - Wikipedia





















 






Shari Redstone

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Advancit Capital)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Shari Redstone


Born
(1954-04-14) April 14, 1954 (age 63)
Washington, D.C., US


Education
Tufts University (B.S.)
Boston University (J.D.)


Spouse(s)
Ira A. Korff (also known as Yitzhak Aharon Korff; divorced; 3 children)[1][2]


Children
Kimberlee Korff
Brandon Korff
Tyler Korff


Parent(s)
Sumner Redstone and Phyllis Gloria Raphael


Relatives
Michael Redstone (grandfather)
Brent Redstone (brother)


Shari Ellin Redstone (born April 14, 1954) is an American media executive with a background in numerous aspects of the entertainment industry and related ventures.[3] She currently serves as the president of National Amusements as well as vice-chairwoman of CBS Corporation[4] and Viacom.[5] Through National Amusements, Shari Redstone and her family are majority owners of CBS Corporation, Viacom, MTV Networks, BET, and the film studio Paramount Pictures.



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Career

2.1 After the resignation of Sumner Redstone


3 Personal life

3.1 Philanthropy


4 References
5 External links



Early life and education[edit]
Redstone is the daughter of Sumner Redstone and Phyllis Gloria Raphael and sister of Brent Redstone. Her grandfather was Michael Redstone who was the original founder of National Amusements, the parent company that now owns the majority of the Redstone media empire. He also changed the family name from Rothstein to Redstone in 1940. She holds a Bachelor of Science from Tufts University, graduating in 1975. She received her law degrees at Boston University School of Law in 1978 (J.D.) and in 1980 (LLM). She practiced corporate law, estate planning and criminal law in the Boston area before joining National Amusements.[6]
Career[edit]
Since 1999, she has been President of National Amusements, one of the top 10 movie exhibitors in the United States.[7] Ms. Redstone has expanded the company's international footprint and its exploration of new technologies.[8][9][10][11][12]
In 2000, while at National Amusements, Redstone entered the Russian theater market, giving patrons there the opportunity to experience high-end luxury theaters.[13] In 2010, Redstone and her partners purchased the theaters that they had built and formed Rising Star Media,[14] of which she was Chairman, and turned it into the top grossing cinema chain in that country.[15] Redstone and her partners sold Rising Star Media in 2011[15][16]
In 2011, Redstone became Co-Founder and Managing Partner of Advancit Capital, LLC,[17] an investment platform focusing on early stage in media, entertainment and technology.[17] In addition, she is Co-Chairman of MovieTickets.com,[18] Inc. and is a member of the Board of Directors and Executive Committee for the National Theatre Owners Association (NATO).[18]
In 2007, Redstone and her father feuded publicly over issues of corporate governance and the future of the cinema chain.[19] Documents have been made public which verify that, as part of a settlement from Sumner's first divorce, all of Sumner's stock is in irrevocable trusts that will be left to his grandchildren.[20] The trusts are said to make it clear that Shari Redstone, Vice-Chairwoman of the Board of Viacom and CBS, is to assume her father's role upon his death.[dubious – discuss][citation needed]
In 2016, Redstone gave the statement on Succession. Los Angeles, CA – “As Vice Chair of CBS Corp. and Viacom, Inc., and as President of National Amusements, Inc. (the controlling shareholder of CBS and Viacom), my singular focus is to act in the companies’ best interests by ensuring that each company has a strong Chair, a Board of Directors which diligently oversees management, and an outstanding leadership team.
As has been accurately reported, my father’s Trust states his intention that I succeed him as (non-executive) Chair at CBS and Viacom, and also names me as a Trustee after his death. However, it is my firm belief that whoever may succeed my father as Chair at each company should be someone who is not a Trustee of my father’s trust or otherwise intertwined in Redstone family matters, but rather a leader with an independent voice. I was honored to nominate Les as the CBS Chair and am delighted to congratulate him on his new position. He follows in the visionary tradition of my father, and I know that Les will successfully lead CBS into the digital future.”[21]
After the resignation of Sumner Redstone[edit]
On February 3, 2016, her father resigned as CBS Executive Chairman after questions arose about his mental competency. CBS's board then offered Shari Redstone the position of non-executive chair but she declined.[22] The CBS board announced that Les Moonves replaced Sumner Redstone as CBS Chairman.[23]
On February 4, 2016, against Shari Redstone's desires,[24][25][26] Viacom's board of directors named Philippe Dauman, already the CEO and President, the Chairman, replacing Sumner Redstone.[23]
Personal life[edit]
Redstone married Rabbi Ira A. Korff,[27] also known as Grand Rabbi Yitzhak Aharon Korff, and had three children but later divorced.[1][28] Her ex-husband was president and director of National Amusements until two years after they divorced.[1]
Philanthropy[edit]
Shari Redstone is currently[when?] a member of the Board of Directors at Combined Jewish Philanthropies and the Board of Trustees at Dana Farber Cancer Institute.[18] She is also on the Board of Directors of The National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse (CASA) at Columbia University[29] and the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation.[30] Ms. Redstone recently joined the Board and Executive Committee of “Our Time”, a mass-membership organization that stands for the economic interests and political inclusion of young Americans aged 18–30. She sits on the Local Advisory Board and Executive Committee for BUILD, a non-profit organization which uses entrepreneurship to propel low income youth through high school and into college.[31]
References[edit]


^ a b c "Former Redstone Son-in-Law Quits Theater Chain". Los Angeles Times. 20 May 1994. Retrieved 4 February 2016. 
^ "Trouble in the House of Redstone". Boston Magazine. Retrieved 4 February 2016. 
^ "Shari Redstone". Forbes. 2012-04-18. Archived from the original on November 23, 2013. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "Sumner M. Redstone". CBS Corporation. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ [1]
^ "List of Private Companies Worldwide, Letter - Businessweek". Investing.businessweek.com. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "statisticscircuits". natoonline.org. Retrieved 2014-01-20. 
^ "Shari Redstone Says U.S. Has Too Many Cinemas, ‘Thousands’ Should Close - Bloomberg". Mobile.bloomberg.com. 2011-07-08. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "Foxboro, MA: National Amusements Debuts New Upscale Cinema Concept at Patriot Place - The BigScreen Cinema Guide". Bigscreen.com. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "4/30/2002, The Bridge: Cinema De Lux - Almanac, Vol. 48, No. 32". Upenn.edu. 2002-04-30. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "National Amusements Moves to a Digital Future with Sony 4K Digital Cinema... - PARK RIDGE, N.J., Oct. 7 /PRNewswire/". Prnewswire.com. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "Sumner Redstone's Daughter Shari Launches Media, Tech Investment Firm". The Hollywood Reporter. 2011-08-26. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ [2][dead link]
^ Eller, Claudia (2010-01-08). "Shari Redstone buys Russian theaters from her family firm - Los Angeles Times". Articles.latimes.com. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ a b "Shari Redstone's Rising Star Media sold to Russian theater chain - latimes.com". Latimesblogs.latimes.com. 2011-06-06. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ Lenzner, Robert (2011-09-06). "Shari Redstone Makes Huge Profit By Selling Russian Theaters For $190 Million". Forbes. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ a b James, Meg (2011-08-27). "Shari Redstone launches investment firm Advancit Capital - Los Angeles Times". latimes.com. Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ a b c "Shari Redstone". CBS Corporation. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ Abelson, Jenn (2007-09-19). "Redstone says he relies on his instinct - The Boston Globe". Boston.com. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ Eller, Claudia (2007-08-02). "Redstone family rift may not be healed - Los Angeles Times". Latimes.com. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "Shari Redstone | CBS Corporation". www.cbscorporation.com. Retrieved 2016-02-11. 
^ Reuters (3 February 2016). "Sumner Redstone Resigns as CBS Executive Chairman". Fortune. Retrieved 4 February 2016. 
^ a b "Viacom names Philippe Dauman as new board chairman, replacing Sumner Redstone". USA Today. 4 February 2016. Retrieved 4 February 2016. 
^ David Lieberman. "Viacom Names Philippe Dauman Chairman Succeeding Sumner Redstone - Deadline". Deadline. Retrieved 4 February 2016. 
^ "Succession battle engulfs Sumner Redstone’s media empire". Financial Times. Retrieved 4 February 2016. 
^ Chris Palmeri, Lucas Shaw (4 February 2016). "Viacom's Board Names Dauman Chairman, Replacing Aging Redstone". Bloomberg.com. Retrieved 4 February 2016. 
^ "The Jewish Post and Opinion, July 18, 1980, Page10". 
^ William D. Cohan. "Sumner Redstone Shows Yet Another Ex-Girlfriend to the Door". Vanity Fair. Retrieved 4 February 2016. 
^ "Press Releases". CASAColumbia. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "Board of Directors - John F. Kennedy Presidential Library & Museum". Jfklibrary.org. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "Local Advisory Board | BUILD Greater Boston". Buildinboston.org. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 


External links[edit]

The Talented Ms. Redstone (2002)
Tufts E-News: Media Mogul In Training (May 2, 2002)
Shari Redstone Is Expected To Leave Viacom's Board (July 19, 2007)
Father Daughter Split at Viacom (2007-07-30)







v
t
e


CBS Corporation



Corporate directors



David R. Andelman
Joseph A. Califano Jr.
William S. Cohen
Charles K. Gifford
Leonard Goldberg
Bruce S. Gordon
Arnold Kopelson
Leslie Moonves
Doug Morris
Shari Redstone
Sumner Redstone





Radio stations







v
t
e


CBS Radio



AM Radio Stations



KCBS
KDKA
KFNQ
KHTK
KIKK
KILT
KMOX
KNX
KRAK
KRLD
KXNT
KXST
KYW
KZDG
WAOK
WBBM
WBZ
WCBS
WCCO
WFAN
WINS
WJFK
WJZ
WPHT
WQAM
WSCR
WTIC
WWJ
WXYT





FM Radio Stations



KALV-FM
KAMP-FM
KCBS-FM
KDKA-FM
KEGY
KEZK-FM
KEZN
KFRC-FM
KFRG
KHMX
KILT-FM
KITS
KJAQ
KJKK
KKHH
KLLC
KLOL
KLUC-FM
KLUV
KMLE
KMNB
KMPS-FM
KMVK
KMVQ-FM
KMXB
KNCI
KOOL-FM
KRLD-FM
KROQ-FM
KRTH
KSFM
KTWV
KVFG
KVIL
KXFG
KXQQ-FM
KXTE
KYKY
KYMX
KYXY
KZJK
KZOK-FM
KZZO
WBBM-FM
WBMP
WBMX
WBZ-FM
WBZZ
WCBS-FM
WCFS-FM
WDCH-FM
WDOK
WDSY-FM
WDZH
WFAN-FM
WIAD
WIP-FM
WJFK-FM
WJMK
WJZ-FM
WKIS
WKRK-FM
WLIF
WLZL
WNCX
WNEW-FM
WOCL
WODS
WOGL
WOMC
WOMX-FM
WPGC-FM
WPOW
WQAL
WQMP
WRCH
WTDY-FM
WTIC-FM
WUSN
WVEE
WWMX
WXRT
WXTU
WXYT-FM
WYCD
WZGC
WZLX
WZMX





Radio Networks



Boston Bruins Radio
CBS Radio News
CBS Sports Radio
New York Yankees Radio





Digital properties



Eventful
Last.fm
Play.it








See also
Infinity Broadcasting Corporation (former company name)








Broadcast TV assets



CBS
The CW (co-owned with Warner Bros.)
Decades (co-owned with Weigel Broadcasting)





Network facilities



CBS Building
CBS Broadcast Center
CBS Studio Center
CBS Television City
Ed Sullivan Theater





CBS Television Studios



CBS Productions
CBS Television Distribution
Big Ticket Entertainment





Broadcast stations







v
t
e


CBS Television Stations



CBS/DEC O&O



KCBS
KCNC
KDKA
KOVR
KPIX
KTVT
KYW
WBBM
WBZ
WCBS
WCCO
WFOR
WJZ
WWJ





CW O&O



KBCW
KMAX
KSTW
WKBD
WPCW
WPSG
WTOG
WUPA





Other stations



Ind.

KCAL
KTXA
WBXI-CD (weather)
WLNY-TV


MyNetworkTV

WBFS
WSBK










Cable channels



Showtime Networks
CBS Sports Network
Pop (50% with Lionsgate)
AXS TV (minority stake)





CBS Studios International



CBS Action
CBS Drama
CBS Europa
CBS Reality
Horror Channel
Eleven
RTL CBS Entertainment
RTL CBS Extreme





CBS Interactive







v
t
e


CBS Interactive



Brands



BNET
CBSNews.com
CBS MoneyWatch
CBSSports.com

247Sports.com
MaxPreps.com


Chowhound
Clicker.com
CNET
Comic Vine
GameSpot
Giant Bomb
Last.fm
Metacritic
mySimon
onGamers
SmartPlanet
TechRepublic
TV.com
UrbanBaby
ZDNet





Related websites



CBS Innertube
Download.com
FindArticles
GameFAQs
GameRankings
Gooey
MovieTome
MP3.com
VersionTracker
Wallstrip





Channels and Shows



Buzz Out Loud
CBSN
CNET TV
MobLogic





Staff, current



Dan Ackerman
Bridget Carey
Brian Cooley
Jeff Gerstmann
Jim Lanzone
Daniel Terdiman





Staff, former



Matthew Barzun
Veronica Belmont
Esther Dyson
Ina Fried
Richard Hart
James Kim
Declan McCullagh
Tom Merritt
Halsey Minor
Natali Morris
Rafe Needleman
Andrew Nusca
Ryan Seacrest
Molly Wood





Contributors, current



Violet Blue
Christopher Dawson
David Gewirtz
Jason Perlow





Contributors, former



Harry McCracken








Simon & Schuster



Atria Publishing Group

37 INK


Howard
Pimsleur
Pocket
Scribner
Simon & Schuster
Threshold
Aladdin
Atheneum





Miscellaneous assets



CBS All Access
CBS Consumer Products
CBS Records
Westinghouse Electric
CBS Home Entertainment
CBS Films
CBS News
CBS Sports





Defunct properties



CBS Cable
CBS Paramount Domestic Television
CBS Paramount Network Television
Free FM
King World Productions
Spelling Television
UPN
Worldvision Enterprises





See also



Viacom (original)
National Amusements
Westinghouse Electric Corporation
Gulf and Western Industries












v
t
e


Viacom



Corporate directors



Bob Bakish (CEO)
Ellen V. Futter
Alan C. Greenberg
Charles Phillips
Sumner Redstone (Chairman Emeritus)
Shari Redstone
William Schwartz





Viacom Media Networks





BET Networks




BET

BET Gospel
BET Hip-Hop
BET Jams
BET Soul


Centric






Global Entertainment Group




CMT

CMT Music


Comedy Central

Comedy Central Extra


Logo TV
MTV

MTV2
MTVU

RateMyProfessors.com


MTV Classic
MTV Live
MTV Tres


Spike
TV Land
VH1

VH1 Classic Europe








Nickelodeon Group




Nickelodeon

Nick at Nite
Nick Jr.
NickMusic
Nicktoons
Noggin
TeenNick










Paramount Motion Pictures Group





Paramount Pictures Corporation




Paramount Pictures
Paramount Vantage
Paramount Animation
Paramount Television
Insurge Pictures
Republic Pictures
United International Pictures (50% ownership)






MTV branded labels




Comedy Central Films
MTV Films
Nickelodeon Movies








Television stations



KVMM-CD (part of Tres)





Music



Comedy Central Records
Nick Records





Miscellaneous assets



Viacom International
Viacom 18 (India)
Viacom Entertainment Store
Bellator MMA
MovieTickets.com
Nickelodeon Kids & Family Virtual Worlds Group
Nickelodeon on Sunset
Nickelodeon Animation Studio





See also



CBS Corporation
Gulf and Western Industries
National Amusements
Viacom (original)
Viacom criticisms and controversies










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Shari_Redstone&oldid=790244531"					
Categories: 1954 birthsLiving peopleJewish American philanthropistsAmerican entertainment industry businesspeopleTufts University alumniBoston University School of Law alumniRedstone familyHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from March 2014Articles with hCardsAll accuracy disputesArticles with disputed statements from February 2016All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2016All articles with vague or ambiguous timeVague or ambiguous time from February 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 14:19.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Shari Redstone - Wikipedia





















 






Shari Redstone

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Advancit Capital)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Shari Redstone


Born
(1954-04-14) April 14, 1954 (age 63)
Washington, D.C., US


Education
Tufts University (B.S.)
Boston University (J.D.)


Spouse(s)
Ira A. Korff (also known as Yitzhak Aharon Korff; divorced; 3 children)[1][2]


Children
Kimberlee Korff
Brandon Korff
Tyler Korff


Parent(s)
Sumner Redstone and Phyllis Gloria Raphael


Relatives
Michael Redstone (grandfather)
Brent Redstone (brother)


Shari Ellin Redstone (born April 14, 1954) is an American media executive with a background in numerous aspects of the entertainment industry and related ventures.[3] She currently serves as the president of National Amusements as well as vice-chairwoman of CBS Corporation[4] and Viacom.[5] Through National Amusements, Shari Redstone and her family are majority owners of CBS Corporation, Viacom, MTV Networks, BET, and the film studio Paramount Pictures.



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Career

2.1 After the resignation of Sumner Redstone


3 Personal life

3.1 Philanthropy


4 References
5 External links



Early life and education[edit]
Redstone is the daughter of Sumner Redstone and Phyllis Gloria Raphael and sister of Brent Redstone. Her grandfather was Michael Redstone who was the original founder of National Amusements, the parent company that now owns the majority of the Redstone media empire. He also changed the family name from Rothstein to Redstone in 1940. She holds a Bachelor of Science from Tufts University, graduating in 1975. She received her law degrees at Boston University School of Law in 1978 (J.D.) and in 1980 (LLM). She practiced corporate law, estate planning and criminal law in the Boston area before joining National Amusements.[6]
Career[edit]
Since 1999, she has been President of National Amusements, one of the top 10 movie exhibitors in the United States.[7] Ms. Redstone has expanded the company's international footprint and its exploration of new technologies.[8][9][10][11][12]
In 2000, while at National Amusements, Redstone entered the Russian theater market, giving patrons there the opportunity to experience high-end luxury theaters.[13] In 2010, Redstone and her partners purchased the theaters that they had built and formed Rising Star Media,[14] of which she was Chairman, and turned it into the top grossing cinema chain in that country.[15] Redstone and her partners sold Rising Star Media in 2011[15][16]
In 2011, Redstone became Co-Founder and Managing Partner of Advancit Capital, LLC,[17] an investment platform focusing on early stage in media, entertainment and technology.[17] In addition, she is Co-Chairman of MovieTickets.com,[18] Inc. and is a member of the Board of Directors and Executive Committee for the National Theatre Owners Association (NATO).[18]
In 2007, Redstone and her father feuded publicly over issues of corporate governance and the future of the cinema chain.[19] Documents have been made public which verify that, as part of a settlement from Sumner's first divorce, all of Sumner's stock is in irrevocable trusts that will be left to his grandchildren.[20] The trusts are said to make it clear that Shari Redstone, Vice-Chairwoman of the Board of Viacom and CBS, is to assume her father's role upon his death.[dubious – discuss][citation needed]
In 2016, Redstone gave the statement on Succession. Los Angeles, CA – “As Vice Chair of CBS Corp. and Viacom, Inc., and as President of National Amusements, Inc. (the controlling shareholder of CBS and Viacom), my singular focus is to act in the companies’ best interests by ensuring that each company has a strong Chair, a Board of Directors which diligently oversees management, and an outstanding leadership team.
As has been accurately reported, my father’s Trust states his intention that I succeed him as (non-executive) Chair at CBS and Viacom, and also names me as a Trustee after his death. However, it is my firm belief that whoever may succeed my father as Chair at each company should be someone who is not a Trustee of my father’s trust or otherwise intertwined in Redstone family matters, but rather a leader with an independent voice. I was honored to nominate Les as the CBS Chair and am delighted to congratulate him on his new position. He follows in the visionary tradition of my father, and I know that Les will successfully lead CBS into the digital future.”[21]
After the resignation of Sumner Redstone[edit]
On February 3, 2016, her father resigned as CBS Executive Chairman after questions arose about his mental competency. CBS's board then offered Shari Redstone the position of non-executive chair but she declined.[22] The CBS board announced that Les Moonves replaced Sumner Redstone as CBS Chairman.[23]
On February 4, 2016, against Shari Redstone's desires,[24][25][26] Viacom's board of directors named Philippe Dauman, already the CEO and President, the Chairman, replacing Sumner Redstone.[23]
Personal life[edit]
Redstone married Rabbi Ira A. Korff,[27] also known as Grand Rabbi Yitzhak Aharon Korff, and had three children but later divorced.[1][28] Her ex-husband was president and director of National Amusements until two years after they divorced.[1]
Philanthropy[edit]
Shari Redstone is currently[when?] a member of the Board of Directors at Combined Jewish Philanthropies and the Board of Trustees at Dana Farber Cancer Institute.[18] She is also on the Board of Directors of The National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse (CASA) at Columbia University[29] and the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation.[30] Ms. Redstone recently joined the Board and Executive Committee of “Our Time”, a mass-membership organization that stands for the economic interests and political inclusion of young Americans aged 18–30. She sits on the Local Advisory Board and Executive Committee for BUILD, a non-profit organization which uses entrepreneurship to propel low income youth through high school and into college.[31]
References[edit]


^ a b c "Former Redstone Son-in-Law Quits Theater Chain". Los Angeles Times. 20 May 1994. Retrieved 4 February 2016. 
^ "Trouble in the House of Redstone". Boston Magazine. Retrieved 4 February 2016. 
^ "Shari Redstone". Forbes. 2012-04-18. Archived from the original on November 23, 2013. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "Sumner M. Redstone". CBS Corporation. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ [1]
^ "List of Private Companies Worldwide, Letter - Businessweek". Investing.businessweek.com. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "statisticscircuits". natoonline.org. Retrieved 2014-01-20. 
^ "Shari Redstone Says U.S. Has Too Many Cinemas, ‘Thousands’ Should Close - Bloomberg". Mobile.bloomberg.com. 2011-07-08. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "Foxboro, MA: National Amusements Debuts New Upscale Cinema Concept at Patriot Place - The BigScreen Cinema Guide". Bigscreen.com. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "4/30/2002, The Bridge: Cinema De Lux - Almanac, Vol. 48, No. 32". Upenn.edu. 2002-04-30. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "National Amusements Moves to a Digital Future with Sony 4K Digital Cinema... - PARK RIDGE, N.J., Oct. 7 /PRNewswire/". Prnewswire.com. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "Sumner Redstone's Daughter Shari Launches Media, Tech Investment Firm". The Hollywood Reporter. 2011-08-26. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ [2][dead link]
^ Eller, Claudia (2010-01-08). "Shari Redstone buys Russian theaters from her family firm - Los Angeles Times". Articles.latimes.com. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ a b "Shari Redstone's Rising Star Media sold to Russian theater chain - latimes.com". Latimesblogs.latimes.com. 2011-06-06. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ Lenzner, Robert (2011-09-06). "Shari Redstone Makes Huge Profit By Selling Russian Theaters For $190 Million". Forbes. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ a b James, Meg (2011-08-27). "Shari Redstone launches investment firm Advancit Capital - Los Angeles Times". latimes.com. Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ a b c "Shari Redstone". CBS Corporation. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ Abelson, Jenn (2007-09-19). "Redstone says he relies on his instinct - The Boston Globe". Boston.com. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ Eller, Claudia (2007-08-02). "Redstone family rift may not be healed - Los Angeles Times". Latimes.com. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "Shari Redstone | CBS Corporation". www.cbscorporation.com. Retrieved 2016-02-11. 
^ Reuters (3 February 2016). "Sumner Redstone Resigns as CBS Executive Chairman". Fortune. Retrieved 4 February 2016. 
^ a b "Viacom names Philippe Dauman as new board chairman, replacing Sumner Redstone". USA Today. 4 February 2016. Retrieved 4 February 2016. 
^ David Lieberman. "Viacom Names Philippe Dauman Chairman Succeeding Sumner Redstone - Deadline". Deadline. Retrieved 4 February 2016. 
^ "Succession battle engulfs Sumner Redstone’s media empire". Financial Times. Retrieved 4 February 2016. 
^ Chris Palmeri, Lucas Shaw (4 February 2016). "Viacom's Board Names Dauman Chairman, Replacing Aging Redstone". Bloomberg.com. Retrieved 4 February 2016. 
^ "The Jewish Post and Opinion, July 18, 1980, Page10". 
^ William D. Cohan. "Sumner Redstone Shows Yet Another Ex-Girlfriend to the Door". Vanity Fair. Retrieved 4 February 2016. 
^ "Press Releases". CASAColumbia. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "Board of Directors - John F. Kennedy Presidential Library & Museum". Jfklibrary.org. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 
^ "Local Advisory Board | BUILD Greater Boston". Buildinboston.org. Retrieved 2014-01-15. 


External links[edit]

The Talented Ms. Redstone (2002)
Tufts E-News: Media Mogul In Training (May 2, 2002)
Shari Redstone Is Expected To Leave Viacom's Board (July 19, 2007)
Father Daughter Split at Viacom (2007-07-30)







v
t
e


CBS Corporation



Corporate directors



David R. Andelman
Joseph A. Califano Jr.
William S. Cohen
Charles K. Gifford
Leonard Goldberg
Bruce S. Gordon
Arnold Kopelson
Leslie Moonves
Doug Morris
Shari Redstone
Sumner Redstone





Radio stations







v
t
e


CBS Radio



AM Radio Stations



KCBS
KDKA
KFNQ
KHTK
KIKK
KILT
KMOX
KNX
KRAK
KRLD
KXNT
KXST
KYW
KZDG
WAOK
WBBM
WBZ
WCBS
WCCO
WFAN
WINS
WJFK
WJZ
WPHT
WQAM
WSCR
WTIC
WWJ
WXYT





FM Radio Stations



KALV-FM
KAMP-FM
KCBS-FM
KDKA-FM
KEGY
KEZK-FM
KEZN
KFRC-FM
KFRG
KHMX
KILT-FM
KITS
KJAQ
KJKK
KKHH
KLLC
KLOL
KLUC-FM
KLUV
KMLE
KMNB
KMPS-FM
KMVK
KMVQ-FM
KMXB
KNCI
KOOL-FM
KRLD-FM
KROQ-FM
KRTH
KSFM
KTWV
KVFG
KVIL
KXFG
KXQQ-FM
KXTE
KYKY
KYMX
KYXY
KZJK
KZOK-FM
KZZO
WBBM-FM
WBMP
WBMX
WBZ-FM
WBZZ
WCBS-FM
WCFS-FM
WDCH-FM
WDOK
WDSY-FM
WDZH
WFAN-FM
WIAD
WIP-FM
WJFK-FM
WJMK
WJZ-FM
WKIS
WKRK-FM
WLIF
WLZL
WNCX
WNEW-FM
WOCL
WODS
WOGL
WOMC
WOMX-FM
WPGC-FM
WPOW
WQAL
WQMP
WRCH
WTDY-FM
WTIC-FM
WUSN
WVEE
WWMX
WXRT
WXTU
WXYT-FM
WYCD
WZGC
WZLX
WZMX





Radio Networks



Boston Bruins Radio
CBS Radio News
CBS Sports Radio
New York Yankees Radio





Digital properties



Eventful
Last.fm
Play.it








See also
Infinity Broadcasting Corporation (former company name)








Broadcast TV assets



CBS
The CW (co-owned with Warner Bros.)
Decades (co-owned with Weigel Broadcasting)





Network facilities



CBS Building
CBS Broadcast Center
CBS Studio Center
CBS Television City
Ed Sullivan Theater





CBS Television Studios



CBS Productions
CBS Television Distribution
Big Ticket Entertainment





Broadcast stations







v
t
e


CBS Television Stations



CBS/DEC O&O



KCBS
KCNC
KDKA
KOVR
KPIX
KTVT
KYW
WBBM
WBZ
WCBS
WCCO
WFOR
WJZ
WWJ





CW O&O



KBCW
KMAX
KSTW
WKBD
WPCW
WPSG
WTOG
WUPA





Other stations



Ind.

KCAL
KTXA
WBXI-CD (weather)
WLNY-TV


MyNetworkTV

WBFS
WSBK










Cable channels



Showtime Networks
CBS Sports Network
Pop (50% with Lionsgate)
AXS TV (minority stake)





CBS Studios International



CBS Action
CBS Drama
CBS Europa
CBS Reality
Horror Channel
Eleven
RTL CBS Entertainment
RTL CBS Extreme





CBS Interactive







v
t
e


CBS Interactive



Brands



BNET
CBSNews.com
CBS MoneyWatch
CBSSports.com

247Sports.com
MaxPreps.com


Chowhound
Clicker.com
CNET
Comic Vine
GameSpot
Giant Bomb
Last.fm
Metacritic
mySimon
onGamers
SmartPlanet
TechRepublic
TV.com
UrbanBaby
ZDNet





Related websites



CBS Innertube
Download.com
FindArticles
GameFAQs
GameRankings
Gooey
MovieTome
MP3.com
VersionTracker
Wallstrip





Channels and Shows



Buzz Out Loud
CBSN
CNET TV
MobLogic





Staff, current



Dan Ackerman
Bridget Carey
Brian Cooley
Jeff Gerstmann
Jim Lanzone
Daniel Terdiman





Staff, former



Matthew Barzun
Veronica Belmont
Esther Dyson
Ina Fried
Richard Hart
James Kim
Declan McCullagh
Tom Merritt
Halsey Minor
Natali Morris
Rafe Needleman
Andrew Nusca
Ryan Seacrest
Molly Wood





Contributors, current



Violet Blue
Christopher Dawson
David Gewirtz
Jason Perlow





Contributors, former



Harry McCracken








Simon & Schuster



Atria Publishing Group

37 INK


Howard
Pimsleur
Pocket
Scribner
Simon & Schuster
Threshold
Aladdin
Atheneum





Miscellaneous assets



CBS All Access
CBS Consumer Products
CBS Records
Westinghouse Electric
CBS Home Entertainment
CBS Films
CBS News
CBS Sports





Defunct properties



CBS Cable
CBS Paramount Domestic Television
CBS Paramount Network Television
Free FM
King World Productions
Spelling Television
UPN
Worldvision Enterprises





See also



Viacom (original)
National Amusements
Westinghouse Electric Corporation
Gulf and Western Industries












v
t
e


Viacom



Corporate directors



Bob Bakish (CEO)
Ellen V. Futter
Alan C. Greenberg
Charles Phillips
Sumner Redstone (Chairman Emeritus)
Shari Redstone
William Schwartz





Viacom Media Networks





BET Networks




BET

BET Gospel
BET Hip-Hop
BET Jams
BET Soul


Centric






Global Entertainment Group




CMT

CMT Music


Comedy Central

Comedy Central Extra


Logo TV
MTV

MTV2
MTVU

RateMyProfessors.com


MTV Classic
MTV Live
MTV Tres


Spike
TV Land
VH1

VH1 Classic Europe








Nickelodeon Group




Nickelodeon

Nick at Nite
Nick Jr.
NickMusic
Nicktoons
Noggin
TeenNick










Paramount Motion Pictures Group





Paramount Pictures Corporation




Paramount Pictures
Paramount Vantage
Paramount Animation
Paramount Television
Insurge Pictures
Republic Pictures
United International Pictures (50% ownership)






MTV branded labels




Comedy Central Films
MTV Films
Nickelodeon Movies








Television stations



KVMM-CD (part of Tres)





Music



Comedy Central Records
Nick Records





Miscellaneous assets



Viacom International
Viacom 18 (India)
Viacom Entertainment Store
Bellator MMA
MovieTickets.com
Nickelodeon Kids & Family Virtual Worlds Group
Nickelodeon on Sunset
Nickelodeon Animation Studio





See also



CBS Corporation
Gulf and Western Industries
National Amusements
Viacom (original)
Viacom criticisms and controversies










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Shari_Redstone&oldid=790244531"					
Categories: 1954 birthsLiving peopleJewish American philanthropistsAmerican entertainment industry businesspeopleTufts University alumniBoston University School of Law alumniRedstone familyHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from March 2014Articles with hCardsAll accuracy disputesArticles with disputed statements from February 2016All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2016All articles with vague or ambiguous timeVague or ambiguous time from February 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 14:19.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 

































































Viacom Control Shift to Redstone Heir Lifts Prospect of CBS Deal - Bloomberg































































  
















Viacom Control Shift to Redstone Heir Lifts Prospect of CBS Deal
By Christopher Palmeri
        
@chrispalmeri
More stories by Christopher Palmeri

 and Lucas Shaw
        
@Lucas_Shaw
More stories by Lucas Shaw





August 29, 2016, 5:01 AM EDT










                Settled lawsuits free daughter of ailing billionaire to lead
            



                Recombining Viacom with CBS is said to be under consideration
            










Shari Redstone

Photographer: Drew Angerer/Getty Images



Shari Redstone has taken control at Viacom Inc. after vanquishing challengers. Now comes the hard part: deciding what to do with all that power.The daughter of 93-year-old billionaire Sumner Redstone, whose frail health ignited the power struggle in which she triumphed, is considering recombining Viacom with CBS Corp., according to people familiar with the matter. Such a move would reunite the two pillars of the Redstone family’s media empire, though CBS shareholders may blanch at the idea of taking on Viacom’s struggling cable networks and movie studio.CBS, whose Chief Executive Officer Leslie Moonves has been on good terms with the Redstones, hasn’t received any indication that a deal is imminent, according to a person familiar with the matter; its board would need to support any transaction. CBS declined to comment and Shari, who serves as vice chair of both companies, didn’t respond to a request for comment. A CBS merger is just one of many decisions the Redstones will consider, including how to boost the ratings of Viacom networks and whether its creative leaders are the right ones.








The Redstone family settled a three-state legal dispute with former CEO Philippe Dauman and board member George Abrams earlier this month, securing Dauman’s exit and allowing people backed by Shari Redstone to join the board in key positions. Another legal matter was put to rest last week, when Keryn Redstone, Shari’s niece, dropped her opposition to the settlement in exchange for assurances that she would be treated equally in her grandfather’s trust.Courtroom SideshowThe closing of that sideshow was one of the steps Shari Redstone needed to ensure she could direct the future of her father’s holdings before and after his death. Throughout this year’s legal battle, she has said her views on Viacom are aligned with her father’s. She is quickly making her voice heard at Viacom, picking winners and losers after the revolution.In the past week, Viacom’s longtime head of corporate communications, Carl Folta, departed. Shari, interim CEO Tom Dooley and the Viacom board, meanwhile, showed support for Paramount Pictures chief Brad Grey.







                        Exclusive insights on technology around the world.
                    

                        Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.
                    





                                    Sign Up
                            










A 62-year-old lawyer by training, Shari runs a venture capital firm as well as National Amusements Inc., the Massachusetts-based theater chain that was the original source of the family’s wealth. A presence in the Viacom boardroom for years, she shares an opinionated streak with her father. It looked as though Shari might lose control earlier this year after Dauman was named chairman of the company over her objections.Taking Control“Shari has done a masterful job re-asserting herself at Viacom,” said Paul Sweeney, a Bloomberg Intelligence analyst. “Les’s main strength is programming. Viacom is in dire need of improved programming at both its cable networks and its Paramount film studio.”




CBS and Viacom split in 2006 in a deal that was supposed to let the high-flying cable networks operate unencumbered by the slow, steady broadcast business.But industry upheaval and strategic missteps have led to falling ratings for some of Viacom’s most important cable channels, such as MTV and Comedy Central, while its film unit, Paramount Pictures, has been mired in last place among the major studios, with bombs such as this year’s “Whiskey Tango Foxtrot,” “Zoolander 2” and “Ben-Hur.”For more on the travails at Paramount Pictures, click here.CBS, under Moonves, has been the most-watched broadcast network 13 of the last 14 years, and its Showtime cable channel has also drawn more viewers with hits such as “Homeland.” Now it is CBS that could be dragged down by Viacom’s slower growth, with more viewers shutting off cable altogether in favor of streaming video such as Netflix and YouTube.Viacom would give CBS a broader portfolio of networks and give Moonves a rare opportunity to own a major Hollywood studio, which could make it easier to create and acquire programming. All of CBS’s major broadcast rivals -- ABC, NBC and Fox -- are part of corporations that include top film studios.“The programmers need to consolidate,” said Sal Muoio, a New York-based money manager with 242,000 Viacom shares. “There could be a big deal, probably involving Viacom.”Moonves, with his record of success, would be the natural pick to run the combined company. Shari has warmed to Dooley, despite his many years working alongside Dauman, people familiar with the matter said. But he remains CEO on only an interim basis until the board decides at the end of September whether to make him Viacom’s permanent leader.Shareholders would be better off selling the company to the outside buyer than effecting a merger of equals with CBS, said Muoio, who considers Viacom “worth over $100 a share.” That’s more than twice Friday’s closing price of $41.11.The reach of CBS’s broadcast network and its sports programming would be key to helping Viacom negotiate better terms from pay-TV distributors, according to Matt Harrigan, an analyst with Wunderlich Securities.“That certainly makes the most sense in the long term,” he said.— With assistance by Crayton Harrison



Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.

LEARN MORE












Most Read


Americans Are Quickly Losing Street Cred Abroad


Elon Musk Claims U.S. Approval for World’s Longest Tunnel


The Great Rotation May Finally Be at Hand


Why You Should Never Eat Food on Planes, and Other Jet-Set Tips


The Airports of the Future Are Here









































































































Redstone Faces Ex-Girlfriend's Palimony Demand - Bloomberg































































  
















Redstone Faces Ex-Girlfriend's Palimony Demand
By Christopher Palmeri
        
@chrispalmeri
More stories by Christopher Palmeri

 and Kartikay Mehrotra
        
@KartikayM
More stories by Kartikay Mehrotra





June 12, 2017, 3:07 PM EDT



June 12, 2017, 5:46 PM EDT










                Shari Redstone loses bid to dismiss Sydney Holland’s complaint
            



                Media mogul is suing Holland, Manuela Herzer for elder abuse
            










Sydney Holland and Sumner Redstone in 2014.

Photographer: Todd Williamson/Invision for The Hollywood Reporter/AP Photo



One of billionaire Sumner Redstone’s former girlfriends won court permission to pursue a claim that his daughter Shari invaded her privacy and pushed the media mogul to abandon his promise of lifetime financial support.A Los Angeles judge on Monday refused to dismiss Sydney Holland’s complaint that Shari Redstone secretly paid her father’s staff to dig up confidential information that could be used to oust Holland from his life. Holland is seeking about half of Sumner Redstone’s liquid assets as palimony, or about 1 to 2 percent of his $5 billion estate, according to her attorney, Mark Holscher.Robert Klieger, an attorney for Shari Redstone, declined to comment on Monday’s ruling.








Klieger had argued in court papers that there was no enforceable palimony agreement and that Holland couldn’t prove that Shari Redstone had knowledge of the oral contract that the ex-girlfriend alleges she had with Sumner Redstone.Holland filed a separate complaint in December against Sumner Redstone, the controlling shareholder of Viacom Inc. and CBS Corp., after he sued her and another ex-girlfriend in October seeking more than $150 million in damages for allegedly taking advantage of him.The case is Redstone v. Herzer, BC638054, California Superior Court, Los Angeles County.(An earlier version of this story corrected the nature of the judge’s ruling.)— With assistance by Edvard Pettersson



Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.

LEARN MORE












Most Read


Americans Are Quickly Losing Street Cred Abroad


Elon Musk Claims U.S. Approval for World’s Longest Tunnel


The Great Rotation May Finally Be at Hand


Why You Should Never Eat Food on Planes, and Other Jet-Set Tips


The Airports of the Future Are Here
























































Trouble in the House of Redstone | Boston Magazine



























































 































 










Follow @BostonMagazine


 




 








 






 
 
 

Trending:

City Sports Returns
Barbara Lynch

 




 Subscribe
 










 
Trouble in the House of Redstone
Starting with nothing more than a local theater chain and a streak of ambition, the Redstones built a media empire that ultimately would span the globe– then spent years fighting over it. Now the family is engaged in its biggest battle yet, between Sumner Redstone and his enigmatic daughter, Shari. Could this be the final act for one of the greatest business dynasties Boston has ever seen?


							By Luke O'Brien |
Boston Magazine |

December 2009
 








 







 
 
Illustration by Sean McCAbe
A shopping mall in Dedham is a curious place to witness the waning days of an empire. Then again, life has always been curious when the Redstone family is involved.
From here in Dedham, Sumner Redstone transformed his family’s modest theater business, National Amusements, into a mighty kingdom that now extends into almost every corner of the media and entertainment industries. Through National Amusements, Sumner orchestrated the takeovers of Viacom in 1987 and CBS in 2000, as well as their related fiefdoms (MTV, Nickelodeon, Simon & Schuster, et al.). It was a power grab with few parallels in the history of American business. Today the Redstone holdings encompass more than $8 billion in assets, making Sumner one of the wealthiest men in the world. He is now 86, and his legend is secure. What he leaves behind is not.
Which brings us to the new Legacy Place shopping mall, where Sumner’s old offices have given way to a Banana Republic and a P. F. Chang’s, and where there now hulks a 15-screen Showcase Cinema De Lux, the mall’s centerpiece. The massive theater represents National Amusements’ attempt to establish itself as a luxury brand.
On this cloudless August day, several hundred VIP guests—a mix of tweedy country-clubbers and what passes for Boston’s young and hip—have gathered to christen the building. Teen beauty queens greet the arrivals, who sip cookie-dough martinis in a swank lounge as waiters circulate with duck canapés. (Tomorrow, the theater will be serving salmon pinwheels and $10 burgers, delivered to patrons who order via the touch of a button as they watch movies from Ultraleather loveseats.) There are ice luges and free bags of popcorn. A pianist on a baby grand plays hoary show tunes. All that’s missing is the ghost of Wallace Hartley on fiddle.
At the center of the hubbub is a small woman in lilac and pearls, a tiny, fine-boned creature with a familiar ginger dapple to her hair. She is Shari Redstone, Sumner’s daughter, president of National Amusements, caretaker of the family business through which Sumner’s corporate interests are controlled.
After a series of musty aldermen take the stage to pay tribute to various regulatory bodies and other musty aldermen, it’s Shari’s turn to address the crowd. She steps up to the podium. Even though her black pumps add a few inches, she still has to lower the microphone. She hardly needs one: Her voice, lacquered with a thick Boston accent, is conditioned to shouting.
“My grandfather was a visionary,” she begins. “What I learned [from him] was the value of relationships.”
The crowd quiets. Shari describes how her beloved grandfather, Mickey, laid the foundation for the Redstone fortune. She has spent most of the day talking up a bright future for National Amusements; behind the smile, however, is wistfulness. “This has been a dream come true,” she says. “We have indeed come a long way…. [The business] has continued to be founded on the principles and values that were so important to [my grandfather]. I know that he’s up there smiling, and his legacy will live on forever.”
When the speech is over, the audience claps and files into theaters to watch free screenings. By the time the credits roll, the lobby will be empty, the ice luges melted, only popcorn left to sweep up. On their way home, few people will remember that in her speech about legacy, Shari Redstone neglected to mention the father who had given her everything, and who may yet take much of it away.
 
As a private company, National Amusements is closely held, its internal machinations shrouded from the public. Sumner owns 80 percent of the company and Shari owns the rest. Yet because their majority voting stakes in Viacom and CBS are held through National Amusements, the fates of several huge public corporations are subject in many ways to the whims of this famously peevish pair.
Though Shari was once Sumner’s favored child and heir apparent, the two have engaged in an epic, if sometimes juvenile, struggle for power in recent years. She has challenged him over his salary and charitable giving, while he has blasted her as being unqualified and ungrateful. At one point, the two were communicating only by fax.
Until last year, however, there was little public understanding of what was truly at stake in their fight. That changed on October 10, 2008, when it was revealed that National Amusements was carrying more than a billion and a half dollars of debt. The company had taken out two $800 million loans, borrowed against the value of its stock holdings. When the economy collapsed and the stock value began to slide, those debts seemed potentially catastrophic. Suddenly, a vast constellation of Redstone properties looked vulnerable.
Within days of the announcement, Shari and Sumner were pointing fingers at each other over National’s predicament. People in Sumner’s camp told the Wall Street Journal that “in large part, the loan was used to expand the movie-theater chain…. Shari Redstone has been building the business aggressively.” Shari’s flacks countered by blaming the bad economy, not the spending on new theaters.
In response to the crisis, National Amusements prepared to reduce its enormous debt by selling off most of its 118 multiplexes. The plan would raise new doubts about Shari’s future as Sumner’s would-be successor—and presage an ignoble end to one of New England’s most storied family businesses.
 
A simple question lay at the heart of the Redstones’ blame game: What were those ill-timed loans used for? Sources confirm to Boston that a big chunk of the money did, in fact, go toward expanding the chain. The rest, though, was used by Sumner on a stock play.
Sumner had spent 25 years and an estimated $700 million buying an 87 percent stake in Midway Games, a video-game company best known for the Mortal Kombat franchise. In theory, video-game characters and story lines could be parlayed into Hollywood products, which would generate gobs of cash. But Midway had been a dog for years, losing $150 million from 2006 through 2007 alone.
Shari had long opposed the Midway investment, but with only a minority stake in the family business, all she could do was complain. She grumbled even as her father installed her on the Midway board in 2004.
For the “vainglorious old-school egomaniac,” as writer Michael Wolff once described Sumner, dissent verged on treason. Still, Shari grew angrier as Sumner performed various feats of financial gymnastics to shuffle debt and stock in and out of National. She disagreed with his business decisions, but perhaps more than that she chafed at being reminded of her own lame-duck status each time her father used National to bail himself out of a jam.
The flashpoint in their deepening fissure came when Sumner’s lawyers cooked up a tax gambit for Midway. Although the Mortal Kombat franchise alone was once valued at around $100 million, according to sources, Sumner unloaded his full Midway stake last year for a paltry $100,000 to a lucky private investor. The goal was simple: Dump the stock and reap over $700 million in write-offs for National to help ease its crushing debt. However, the giveaway accelerated Midway’s descent into bankruptcy and dragged both Redstones into a lawsuit in Delaware that alleges they breached fiduciary duties by croaking the company to benefit themselves. The debacle stands out as the worst investment of Sumner’s career. It also hastened the demise of his relationship with Shari.
“The way you make a billion dollars is you ignore all the people who say you’re doing the wrong thing,” says Laura Martin, a media analyst for Needham & Company. “Sumner ignored them in Midway and it didn’t work out for him.”
As costly as Sumner’s Midway folly may have been, Shari’s own ambitions for the family business weren’t cheap, either. While she disliked her father using National Amusements for his own interests, she poured money into the theater chain—a move that went against Sumner’s wishes, says a longtime family adviser who spoke with Boston on the condition of anonymity. “Sumner didn’t want to build anymore. He was ready to sell. He didn’t want to spend a nickel more on the theaters,” says the adviser. “Shari went the other route.”
Why? She hoped to prove herself. “It was important to break out on my own and have something that was not my father’s territory,” she told the New York Times in 2004. ‘‘I needed to find a way to differentiate myself from him.”
And if that meant defying her father, so be it.
 
Emotional rot runs deep in the Redstone family. Sumner’s parents, Mickey and Belle, were the children of Jewish immigrants, and they grew up hard. A “crazy tyrant” is how Sumner’s younger brother, Edward, once described their mother. “It was a dysfunctional family. It really was. And still is,” Edward said while being deposed in a recent court fight. He called his father “mean and tough.”
Mickey got his start as a street-smart linoleum peddler and associate of Harry “Doc” Sagansky, an underworld figure known as Boston’s biggest bookie. (Mickey, who had changed the family name from Rothstein to sidestep the anti-Semitism of blueblood Boston, also palled around with former Mayor John “Honey Fitz” Fitzgerald.) Legend holds that Sagansky helped Mickey get into the movie theater business in the 1930s; the Redstone kids grew up selling popcorn at the concession stands.
Sumner was always the favorite son, a prodigy who graduated with what he claims is the highest GPA in the 374-year history of the Boston Latin School. By his early thirties, he’d picked up multiple degrees from Harvard, worked as a code-breaker during World War II, and as a young lawyer successfully argued a case before the Supreme Court. But Sumner left his private law practice in 1954 to take a job at Mickey’s theater chain, then called Northeast Theatre Corporation.
Edward, who had already been working for their father, was relegated to second-tier status. “I had the more glamorous part of the company, and I think he was hurt by that,” Sumner recalled in a deposition this year. In 1971, Edward sued Sumner and Mickey, arguing he’d been pushed out of the company—a move that earned him a terse letter from his mother. “You have brought disgrace on you, your family, and all of us,” Belle wrote, before closing on a note that says a lot about the prosaic nature of familial treachery in the Redstone clan: “The weather has been magnificent.”
After the two sides settled, Sumner’s stake in the company grew. He seemed content to gradually expand the theater circuit, which by the 1970s had swelled from a dozen drive-ins to scores of indoor theaters. But in 1979, a brush with death at the Copley Plaza Hotel changed everything. At the time, Sumner reputedly was visiting his mistress in the hotel when a terrible fire broke out. He clung to a third-floor windowsill with one hand as the blaze burned him horribly. Doctors didn’t expect him to live through the 60 hours of surgery he required, much less walk again. He did both, as well as endured months of painful skin grafts. The experience forged something in him. He returned to work a different man, with a new focus. He wanted to build something bigger. And to do that, he needed control of National Amusements.
By 1984, Sumner had bought out the shares owned by Edward’s two children. The trouble that befell Sumner’s niece and nephew constitutes their own tragic tangent in the family saga: Edward’s daughter, Ruth Ann, disappeared in 1972, after reportedly joining a cult called the Children of God, and turned up dead in 1987 in Japan. Ruth Ann’s brother, Michael, was hospitalized for mental illness. He later went to work for Sumner, and eventually sold his shares to his uncle in a deal that would divide the two when Michael contested it in court decades later.
With control of National Amusements in hand, Sumner set out to conquer as much of the world as he could. In 1987, he was 64 and just getting started. With $780 million in cash from National and more than $2 billion in loans, he prevailed in a hostile takeover of Viacom. In 1994, he scooped up Paramount for $10 billion and Blockbuster for nearly $8 billion. In 2000, he landed CBS for $40 billion. At an age when most people have long since retired, Sumner made himself into one of America’s great entrepreneurs, throwing elbows all the way.
Of course, the familial dysfunction didn’t diminish. In 1999, Phyllis, Sumner’s wife of more than 50 years, filed for divorce after her private detective photographed him canoodling with another woman, this time in Paris. The split with Phyllis would force Sumner to part with hundreds of millions of dollars and to relinquish some of his prized control over his National shares. Dissolving the ties with his children, though, would come at a different price.
 
To meet Shari once is to be swayed by her energy. To watch her over time is to see something different: She never lets her guard down. For years, investors, analysts, and observers have wondered if she could be the next star in the Redstone family. They take her measure. All they can do is speculate.
Shari grew up in Newton and went to Newton South High, about a mile from the family home on Baldpate Hill Road. She worked as a summer intern at Paramount. She graduated from Tufts and then law school at Boston University, and toiled quietly as a criminal-defense lawyer and corporate attorney. After marrying Ira Korff, a rabbi, in 1980, she quit to raise children. Korff himself was brought into the family business, serving as president of National Amusements from 1987 until 1994, when he and Shari divorced.
At the time, Shari was studying for a degree in social work, but warmed to her father’s suggestion that she work part time for him. “The culture of the company was that each generation would participate,” Sumner explained in a recent deposition. By 2000, Shari had become president of National, installed atop the business the same way Mickey had elevated Sumner four decades earlier.
Shari does share certain traits with her father. There is a ruthlessness beneath the pearls, and her ascension to power has created its own casualties in the family. Chief among them is her brother, Brent, who felt frozen out of the business. People who know the 59-year-old Brent, a former Boston prosecutor and a train enthusiast, say he is sweet and laid-back, similar to his mother in temperament. “A nice-enough fellow who was just ruined from an early age,” says someone who has done business with the Redstones. “He’s not the kind of guy who his father respects. He’s a sad soul.”
In 2006, Brent sued National Amusements and ended up taking a $240 million buyout to be done with the company. He now lives on a 625-acre ranch in the mountains west of Denver. “It’s a repeat of what happened with Sumner and his brother and his father,” a family adviser says. “It’s historic. This has been playing itself out for the last 50, 60 years.”
By the time Shari took over the theater circuit, National had gone global, most notably in the United Kingdom. Shari continued to expand overseas, pushing deeper into Brazil, Argentina, and Russia. “She correctly sees [Russia] as a huge market that’s almost untapped in terms of a modern cinema,” says John Fithian, president of the National Association of Theatre Owners.
Shari also paved the way for the emergence of the upscale cinema market. In 2001, she helped develop the Bridge in Los Angeles, one of the first luxury theaters in California and a model for the Cinema De Lux line, with its hip lounges and full-service bars. The Bridge “forced people to take me seriously,” Shari said at the time. It worked. “She’s fearless with respect to trying new ideas,” says Frank Rash, a senior vice president at AMC who worked with Shari and other exhibitors to create the retail website Movietickets.com. “She’s been a pioneer…. [T]he advancement of food and beverage services and premium auditoriums—National Amusements has been at that for a while, and those things have been adopted throughout the industry.”
Sumner always favored his flinty, feisty daughter (“Sumner in a skirt,” as a former Viacom executive once described her), but Shari has none of her father’s outrageous charisma, none of the big personality that pulls the oxygen from a room. She’s an introvert. “I live with myself,” she has said.
Shari does, in fact, live alone in Westwood. Her three children are grown. She has no significant other, no connection to her only sibling, and a toxic relationship with her father. She is an inscrutable presence who may well love the glamour of her position but has chosen to fly under the radar. She’s revealed few personal details over the years. (Unsurprisingly, she refused to be interviewed for this story.)
Just about the only thing Shari will cop to enjoying is cooking. She has said that she used to feel guilty if she didn’t cook for her children every night; in 2004, at a luncheon of women executives, she discussed the joys of being a “stay-at-home mother who baked cookies.” Earlier this year, Shari managed to somehow sneak in a mention of baking pies—during a bankruptcy lawsuit. “She does bake a mean chocolate chip cookie,” admits one person who spoke on condition of anonymity.
Beyond that, there’s little to go on. Harmless questions forwarded to one of her many handlers—What’s Shari’s favorite movie?—elicit a fear response. Other banal queries are similarly off-limits. What’s Shari’s daily routine like? What kind of hours does she work? “I have never seen her give out those kinds of details, even for some of the many profiles that have been done in the past, at a very different time,” says Nancy Sterling, Shari’s primary spokeswoman, in an e-mail.
According to people in the know, Shari has ensconced herself in her Westwood home and her New York apartment and rarely visits the office. They figure it’s too painful, too embarrassing. The blood is ankle-deep on the floor, thanks to some missteps in management for which she’s been blamed. Take National’s formerly bloated payrolls, for example: Where other theaters might have one manager, National often paid three or four, says a family adviser. “Now they’re firing people left and right,” he says. Some of them had worked for National since Mickey’s day, and many blame Shari for the crisis. And there’s another reason, one family friend believes, for Shari’s absence as the business implodes: She’s pouting. “It’s all drama,” says the friend. “Waiting for Sumner to say, ‘Why don’t you go in?’ It’s ridiculous.”
Indeed, it’s tough to find anyone to vouch for Shari who doesn’t have skin in the game. People she’s identified as her pals in the past—former Paramount head Sherry Lansing, for instance—refuse to return calls. And others have already learned it’s better to keep mum than face the Redstone wrath. “Over the years I have found that there is no percentage in this for me, on or off the record,” says former Viacom CEO Frank Biondi, echoing the sentiments of many associates contacted for this article.
It’s easier, unfortunately, to find those who offer up negative comments about Shari. “A spoiled brat.” “Too concerned about her image.” And, the most damning slight for a working woman: “She’s no Hillary.” Fair or not—and there are a great many people with blades ready when it comes to the Redstones—the picture that emerges is of a smart, strong-willed woman who can be compassionate but also inflexible. An ambitious executive who thirsts for power but doesn’t realize what power requires. An excellent generalist dedicated to the theater business who refuses a salary in dire times, but a poor specialist who lacks the finesse and the chops to be a mogul like her father.



1 2 
Next page 

 


You May Also Like:



 The Boston Globe’s CEO Is Leaving After Six Months

 




 Did the New York Times Publish Fake News About Cats?

 




 Bill Simmons’s The Ringer Will Move to Vox Media

 




 Can Linda Henry Save the Boston Globe?

 

 


 Around the Web:
 



 
Please be respectful of our online community and contribute to an engaging conversation. We reserve the right to remove impersonators or personal attacks, threats, profanity, or flat-out offensive comments. By posting here, you are permitting Boston magazine and Metro Corp. to edit and republish your comment in all media.









b



what is boston magazine doing having a story with so many anonymous “family friends” or “family advocates” sources. if you can’t get anyone to go on the record it doesn’t give much credibility to the article.






alan



Not good for her






Kal



I agree with anonymous above. Its too fictitious to have an article with so “family sources” who don’t have the courage to stand behind their statements. It does cheapen the value of a credible publication. No wonder Shari didn’t want to give any comments.








 





Most Popular




                                        Low-Flying Helicopters in Boston Are Part of a Military Exercise»






                                        A New Glamping Resort Is Open in New Hampshire»






                                        Chef Barbara Lynch Charged with a DUI in Gloucester»






                                        Five Reasons to Leave the House This Weekend»






                                        Iron Throne Replica Is Now Open on Boylston Street at the AT&T Store»






                                        On the Market: An Ivy-Clad Home in Newton Highlands»






                                        Don’t Watch this Video of a Fiddler Crabs Horde in Wareham»




  


Newsletters 


 


  This Just In 

							Restaurant News						


						What to Eat (and Drink) This Weekend					


						By Jacqueline Cain 



							For Sale/Rent						


						Four Homes for Sale on Islands in New England					


						By Madeline Bilis 



							Politics						


						Takeaways from Marty Walsh and Tito Jackson’s Town Halls					


						By Lisa Weidenfeld 



							Restaurant News						


						The Best Food Instagrams of the Week					


						By Jacqueline Cain 



							Fashion Trends						


						Five Pairs of Stylish Commuter Shoe Alternatives You Can Wear to Work					


						By Mia Zarrella 



							Restaurant Openings						


						Intelligentsia Opens a New “Coffeebar” Café in Watertown					


						By Lily Rugo 

  





Promotions & Events 



 

2017 Guide to New England Colleges and Universities
View our annual guide to Colleges and Universities created in partnership with the New England Board of Higher Education. 
 



 

Tom Berry of Yvonne’s Reveals his Top Dish and Travel Spot
Click to view our exclusive video and interview with the all-star chef presented by The JetBlue Card.

 



 

The Cue
The 4th annual BBQ feast and cocktail bash, The Cue, returns this August! Purchase your tickets today!
 



 

Battle of The Burger
Battle of The Burger is back this August! Purchase tickets and see the restaurants competing for your vote to win.
 


View All Events & Promotions



 

 

 




















 












































 




Fight for Viacom Is Said to End With the Redstones in Control - The New York Times








































































































































NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.
LEARN MORE »









Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
View mobile version




The New York Times





Media|Fight for Viacom Is Said to End With the Redstones in Control







Search

Subscribe Now
Log In
0
Settings




Close search



https://nyti.ms/2br9LF4








Advertisement








Supported by



Media

Fight for Viacom Is Said to End With the Redstones in Control

By EMILY STEELAUG. 18, 2016



Continue reading the main story
Share This Page

Continue reading the main story










Photo






Terms of the settlement are said to include the dismissal of Philippe P. Dauman as chief executive of Viacom.

Credit
            Giuseppe Cacace/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images        



The fight over Sumner M. Redstone’s $40 billion media empire is over, and the 93-year-old mogul has won.A truce has been reached in the vicious corporate battle that pitted Mr. Redstone, who controls Viacom and CBS, and his daughter, Shari Redstone, against his longtime confidants and directors at Viacom, according to two people briefed on the agreement.The two sides have completed a settlement agreement that puts an end to messy legal battles in Massachusetts, Delaware and California over whether Mr. Redstone had the mental capacity to make decisions about his businesses and whether he was being manipulated by Ms. Redstone, who was long estranged from her father before they recently reconciled.Terms of the settlement — which firmly put the future of the corporate empire under the control of Mr. Redstone and his daughter — include the dismissal of Philippe P. Dauman as chief executive of Viacom, the beleaguered media company that owns the MTV, Comedy Central and Nickelodeon cable television networks and the Paramount Pictures film and television studio. Mr. Dauman will depart with a total severance package valued at about $72 million.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

Viacom’s board met on Thursday and approved the settlement, said the people briefed on the agreement, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because it had not been made public. Continue reading the main story







Advertisement

Continue reading the main story





Mr. Redstone, who is in poor health, controls about 80 percent of the voting shares in Viacom and CBS through National Amusements, the private theater chain company started by his father.The fight over Mr. Redstone’s empire erupted in May, when he unexpectedly ousted Mr. Dauman and another longtime confidant, George S. Abrams, from the National Amusements trust that will gain control of his companies after he dies or is declared incompetent. He also removed them from the board of National Amusements.
Photo






Sumner Redstone’s long-estranged, recently reconciled daughter, Shari Redstone.

Credit
            Drew Angerer/Getty Images        


The action set off a fight for money, power and control that included all the twists and turns of a Shakespearean tragedy, sullying the reputations of both sides and leaving an already troubled company even more battered and bruised.Mr. Dauman and Mr. Abrams filed suit in Massachusetts, challenging Mr. Redstone’s mental competency and depicting Ms. Redstone as a villain who unduly influenced her father as part of an “unlawful corporate takeover.” Mr. Dauman, in turn, was depicted as a failing, egoistic executive who oversaw the loss of $7 billion in market capitalization at Viacom in the previous year.That suit was scheduled to go to trial in September.Another legal battle emerged in June, when National Amusements moved to replace Mr. Dauman and four other directors on the Viacom board. Viacom’s lead independent director immediately filed suit in Delaware, seeking to block the changes. That case was scheduled to go to trial in October.Over the last three months, the two sides made a series of attempts to resolve the dispute out of court. Settlement talks picked up in the last 10 days, after Viacom’s latest earnings report, in which the company said its profits plunged 29 percent during the latest fiscal quarter. The company reported weakness across both its television and film groups, with soft TV ratings at some networks, declines in domestic advertising sales and the dismal box-office performance of its film “Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows.”Reaching a settlement helps to preserve the privacy and the dignity of Mr. Redstone, who has suffered a series of strokes and has a severe speech impediment. And it prevents the public airing of the relationship between Mr. Redstone and his daughter, which was been strained in the past. The resolution also provides a path for Mr. Dauman to leave the company less contentiously and while still being well compensated.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

And, most importantly, Mr. Redstone and Ms. Redstone now are decidedly in charge of the company’s future.As part of the agreement, Thomas E. Dooley, Viacom’s chief operating officer, will become the interim chief executive through Sept. 30, the end of the company’s fiscal year. Mr. Dooley is expected to work closely with the Viacom board during the next month and a half to develop a new strategic and financial plan for the company, the people said, and could potentially become the permanent chief executive, pending board approval. 



                Inside the Battle for Sumner Redstone’s $40 Billion Media Empire            

                War has spread across the empire of Sumner Redstone, one of the entertainment industry’s most tenacious titans. At stake are the fortunes of his family and confidants, as well as the fate of Viacom and CBS.            











Mr. Dooley, a longtime Viacom executive, has been a member of Viacom’s board since 2006. He started at Viacom in 1980 and has been part of Mr. Redstone’s inner circle since the mogul wrested control of the company in 1987.The agreement also calls for Viacom’s board to expand to include five new directors that National Amusements put forward in June. They include Nicole Seligman, a former Sony executive and lawyer who represented President Bill Clinton during his impeachment trial; and Kenneth Lerer, a venture capitalist, a co-founder of The Huffington Post and chairman of BuzzFeed.While the fight for control over Mr. Redstone’s business empire has reached a resolution, Viacom’s business is in dire straits. The company has reported persistent declines in profit and revenue, and its share price has plunged about 47 percent in the last two years.
Newsletter Sign Up
Continue reading the main story

  


Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box.
Invalid email address. Please re-enter.
You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.



Sign Up







You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.





Thank you for subscribing.
An error has occurred. Please try again later.
You are already subscribed to this email.
View all New York Times newsletters.


See Sample
Manage Email Preferences
Not you?
Privacy Policy
Opt out or contact us anytime




As part of the agreement, Mr. Dauman will continue as nonexecutive chairman of Viacom until Sept. 13, the people said. During that period, Mr. Dauman will have the opportunity to present Viacom’s board with his proposal to sell a 49 percent stake in Paramount. The deal would require the unanimous approval of the Viacom board.While Mr. Dauman has pushed for the deal, Mr. Redstone’s National Amusements holding company has opposed the transaction and the board is unlikely to approve it.Mr. Dauman, who formed a close bond with Mr. Redstone in the late 1980s when he was a young corporate lawyer, was named chief executive of Viacom in 2006. Described as reserved and calculating, Mr. Dauman didn’t let his guard down publicly amid the dispute in recent months as Mr. Redstone turned against him and opponents attacked his character, motives and performance as chief executive.“I’m steady in all things,” Mr. Dauman, 62, said in June, just before stepping onto an elevator after making a business presentation at an investor conference. The quip was in response to a question from a reporter about whether he had lost weight in the midst of the drama.
Photo






Thomas E. Dooley will be interim chief of Viacom.

Credit
            Mike Coppola/Getty Images for MTV        


During his tenure, a number of longtime executives and creative talent left the company. Comedy Central, for instance, said goodbye to three of its biggest stars: Jon Stewart, Stephen Colbert and John Oliver. Critics, meanwhile, attacked the company for failing to transform the business from its traditional roots into a media company for the digital age.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

Mr. Dauman long maintained that he was positioning Viacom for growth through new initiatives, including the Paramount deal, TV ratings improvements, a new data unit and its international business.Despite Viacom’s business struggles, Mr. Dauman was handsomely compensated during his tenure. Mr. Dauman was awarded $54.1 million last year, making him the third highest paid chief executive in the country. Since being named chief executive of Viacom in 2006, Mr. Dauman’s total reported compensation was $409.7 million, according to Equilar, a compensation research firm.Thomas J. May, one of the people that National Amusements has put forward as a new director, is expected to be named chairman. Mr. May is the chairman of Eversource Energy, one of New England’s largest energy delivery companies, and also is on the board of Bank of America and the Liberty Mutual Holding Company.While the corporate dispute may well be resolved, one family feud continues. Keryn Redstone, Mr. Redstone’s 34-year-old granddaughter, filed court documents in Massachusetts this month to join the lawsuit over his mental capacity.Keryn Redstone has asserted that she has been disinherited of $6 million and potentially $1 billion more. (The beneficiaries of the National Amusements trust, now valued at more than $5 billion, include Keryn Redstone and Mr. Redstone’s four other grandchildren.)Keryn Redstone earlier insisted that she would not settle without the inclusion of a deal for Manuela Herzer, a former companion and onetime romantic partner of Mr. Redstone. Last year, Mr. Redstone revoked plans to leave Ms. Herzer $50 million and his $20 million Los Angeles mansion.Keryn Redstone has not participated in the settlement negotiations and has no information about the terms, according to her lawyer, Pierce O’Donnell. That trial is scheduled to start on Sept. 19.
Continue reading the main story






We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.







Related Coverage










Redstone’s Granddaughter Joins a Suit Against Him
AUG. 2, 2016












DEAL PROFESSOR 

Years of Litigation Loom as Redstone Cases Open a Pandora’s Box
AUG. 2, 2016













Sumner Redstone’s Busy October: 3 Cases in 3 Courts in 3 States
JULY 29, 2016













Trial on Sumner Redstone’s Mental Competence Set for October
JULY 28, 2016













Battle for $40 Billion Empire Focuses on Redstone’s Mental State
JUNE 30, 2016
























Related Coverage







Redstone’s Granddaughter Joins a Suit Against Him
AUG. 2, 2016












DEAL PROFESSOR 

Years of Litigation Loom as Redstone Cases Open a Pandora’s Box
AUG. 2, 2016













Sumner Redstone’s Busy October: 3 Cases in 3 Courts in 3 States
JULY 29, 2016















Trial on Sumner Redstone’s Mental Competence Set for October
JULY 28, 2016













Battle for $40 Billion Empire Focuses on Redstone’s Mental State
JUNE 30, 2016












Show All







What's Next


Loading...









Go to Home Page »

Site Index

The New York Times
























