    Thomas Reeg | Eldorado Resorts Inc | ZoomInfo.com    Thomas Reeg | | ZoomInfo.com 

Thomas Reeg's involvement in venture capital (via Autocam Corp/mi)































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/people/101263-reeg-thomassection=people&subsection=detail&id=101263




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


ThomasReegGet alertedif Thomas Reeg gets funded!Thomas ReegAutocam Corp/mi - DirectorDeals involving Thomas Reeg$25,000,000 raised with Autocam Corp/mi on September, 2009$25,000,000 raised with Autocam Corp/mi on September, 2009$25,000,000 raised with Autocam Corp/mi on September, 2009Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Some of the profile information was collected using the Crunchbase API. For more details on the profile, please check Thomas Reeg on Crunchbase.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!

Thomas Robert Reeg CFA: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:17 AM ET
Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure

Company Overview of Eldorado Resorts, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Thomas Robert Reeg CFAPresident, Chief Financial Officer and Director, Eldorado Resorts, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 2 different industries.See Board Relationships45$1,811,228As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Thomas Robert Reeg, also known as Tom, CFA, has been the President of Eldorado Resorts, Inc. since September 2014 and as its Chief Financial Officer since March 15, 2016. Mr. Reeg served as the Senior Managing Director of Newport Global Advisors, L.P. since September 14, 2005. He served as the Managing Director and Portfolio Manager in the High Yield Group of AIG Global Investment Group from 2002 to September 2005. He was responsible for co-management of the high ... yield mutual fund portfolios. He joined AIG Global Investment Group in 2002 as a Senior High Yield Investment Analyst, where he coordinated credit research in the gaming, lodging and utilities sectors. He served as an Operating Manager of Eldorado Resorts LLC. Prior to joining AIG Global Investment Group, he served as a Senior High Yield Research Analyst covering telecommunications, casino, lodging and leisure sectors at Bank One Capital Markets. His previous experience also includes similar high yield research positions with ABN AMRO and Bank of America Securities. He served as an Operating Manager of NGA Blocker, LLC, NGA AcquisitionCo, LLC and NGA VoteCo, LLC until December 1, 2010. He has been a Manager of Eldorado Resorts LLC since April 1, 2009. He has been a Director of Eldorado Resorts, Inc. since September 2014. He serves as a Director of MTR Gaming Group, Inc. He served as a Director of Newport Global Advisors, L.P. since September 14, 2005. He served as a Member of Board of Managers at NGA AcquisitionCo, LLC until December 1, 2010. Mr. Reeg is a CFA and received a BBA in Finance from the University of Notre Dame in 1993.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
100 West Liberty StreetReno, Nevada 89501United StatesPhone: 775-328-0100Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorMTR Gaming Group, Inc.Operating ManagerNGA Blocker, LLC2014-PresentPresident, Chief Financial Officer and DirectorEldorado Resorts, Inc.
Education
BBA 1993University of Notre Dame
Other Affiliations
MTR Gaming Group, Inc.University of Notre DameNewport Global Advisors, L.P.NGA Blocker, LLCNGA AcquisitionCo, LLC


Annual Compensation
Salary$650,000Total Annual Compensation$650,000
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$651,930All Other Compensation$7,498
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$1,159,298Total Short Term Compensation$650,000Other Long Term Compensation$659,428Total Calculated Compensation$1,811,228




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationAnthony M. Sanfilippo Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerPinnacle Entertainment, Inc.$1.2MJames Joseph Murren Chairman & Chief Executive OfficerMGM Resorts International$2.0MKeith E. Smith Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorBoyd Gaming Corporation$1.3MTimothy J. Wilmott Chief Executive Officer & DirectorPenn National Gaming, Inc.$1.5MFrank J. Fertitta IIIChairman of the Board & CEORed Rock Resorts, Inc.$1.3MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Eldorado Resorts, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Thomas Dale Reeg - Santa Barbara, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Thomas Dale Reeg in Santa Barbara, CA


Thomas Dale Reeg

                                                                           Intelius found that Thomas Dale Reeg  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Santa Barbara, CA.  We have connected them to
                5 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Thomas Dale Reeg is in his 60s

Thomas Has Lived In

Santa Barbara, CA
San Diego, CA

Thomas's Relatives

Sharon Reeg
Robert Reeg
Phyllis Reeg







Thomas Dale Reeg



Zodiac SignSagittarius



GenderMale



Professional Status
Foundation Administrator at Cottage Health System



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Thomas? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Thomas, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Thomas Dale Reeg
Get a Criminal Check on Thomas Dale Reeg
Get a Public Record Report on Thomas Dale Reeg
Get a People Search Report on Thomas Dale Reeg


Thomas Dale Reeg's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Thomas Dale Reeg has lived as well as Thomas Dale Reeg's phone numbers and email addresses.




Thomas Dale Reeg Has Lived in 1 States
California Address for Thomas Dale Reeg


1253 B*** S* 

Santa Barbara, CA


Has Lived In

Santa Barbara, CA
San Diego, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Thomas Dale Reeg

(805) ***-**** - Santa Barbara, CA 
(805) ***-**** - Santa Barbara, CA 
(805) ***-**** - Santa Barbara, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Thomas Dale Reeg

t***g@***.net


Get Email Report




Thomas Dale Reeg's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Thomas Dale Reeg's academic history.  Find out which schools Thomas Dale Reeg attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Thomas Dale Reeg received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Thomas Dale Reeg Has Attended 2 Schools
San Diego State University-California State University Thomas Dale Reeg has a B.a., M.A. in M.a.               
Hoover High School               1965 – 1969                              


Thomas Dale Reeg's Professional Information
Information regarding Thomas Dale Reeg's professional history.  Find out previous places Thomas Dale Reeg has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Thomas Dale Reeg Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: Cottage Health System
               Title: Foundation Administrator
Company: Amos Cottage Rehabilitation Hospital
               Title: Foundation Administrator
Thomas Dale Reeg's Experience
Title: Foundation Administrator
               Company: Cottage Health System
Job Details
               Company Size: $500 mil to less than $1 bil - Employee Range: Less than 25. Cottage Health System was formed in 1996 as the not-for-profit parent organization of Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital (including Cottage Children's Hospital and Cottage Rehabilitation Hospital), Goleta Valley Cottage Hospital, and Santa Ynez Valley Cottage Hospitals. Cottage Health System is guided by a volunteer board of directors from the greater Santa Barbara community and provides the residents of the Central and South Coast with exemplary health care, continuous improvements in medical practice, and a commitment to our communities.
Title: Foundation Administrator
               Company: Amos Cottage Rehabilitation Hospital
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Thomas Dale Reeg

 See Thomas Dale Reeg's LinkedIn Profile



Thomas Dale Reeg's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Thomas Dale Reeg


Thomas Dale Reeg's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Thomas Dale Reeg's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Thomas Reeg
Username Matches

                  ThomasReeg
                  ReegThomas
                  Thomas.Reeg
                  Reeg.Thomas
                  Thomas_Reeg
                  Reeg_Thomas
                  Thomas-Reeg
                  Reeg-Thomas
                  TReeg
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
T Reeg







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














ERI Thomas R. Reeg Insider Trades for Eldorado Resorts Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Eldorado Resorts Inc.

                  NASDAQ: ERI
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Eldorado Resorts Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 27, 2017, 4:58 p.m.


ERI

/quotes/zigman/39082725/composite


$
20.25




Change

-0.0024
-0.01%

Volume
Volume 1,984
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/39082725/composite
Previous close

$
			20.80
		


$
				20.25
			
Change

-0.55
-2.64%





Day low
Day high
$20.20
$21.00










52 week low
52 week high

            $10.65
        

            $21.83
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Thomas R. Reeg



Mr. Thomas R. Reeg, CFA, is President, CFO, Director & Head-Investor Relations at Eldorado Resorts, Inc. He is on the Board of Directors at Eldorado Resorts, Inc. Mr. Reeg was previously employed as Director & Senior VP-Strategic Development by Eldorado Resorts LLC, Senior Managing Director by Newport Global Advisors LP, a Portfolio Manager by AIG Global Investment Corp., a Principal by ABN AMRO Asset Management USA LLC, and a Principal by Banc of America Securities LLC. He also served on the board at NGA HoldCo LLC and Autocam Corp. He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Notre Dame.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





06/16/2017
2,500


 
Acquisition at $20.03 per share.


50,075


11/11/2016
4,200


 
Acquisition at $12.05 per share.


50,610


05/10/2016
4,500


 
Acquisition at $13.75 per share.


61,875


03/15/2016
6,300


 
Acquisition at $10.8 per share.


68,040


12/10/2015
4,300


 
Acquisition at $10.14 per share.


43,602


08/14/2015
7,400


 
Acquisition at $9 per share.


66,600


03/20/2015
5,400


 
Acquisition at $4.82 per share.


26,028


11/13/2014
11,600


 
Acquisition at $4.37 per share.


50,692





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Gary L. Carano 
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Thomas R. Reeg 
President, CFO, Director & Head-Investor Relations




Mr. Anthony L. Carano 
Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Peter H. Broughton 
Senior Vice President-Information Technology




Mr. Gene R. Carano 
Senior Vice President-Regional Operations




Ms. Bonnie S. Biumi 
Director




Dr. Gregory J. Kozicz 
Director




Ms. Rhonda B. Carano 
Senior VP-Brand Marketing & Creative Services




Ms. Stephanie D. Lepori 
Chief Accounting Officer & Senior VP-Finance




Mr. Phil  Fortino 
Senior Vice President-Human Resources




Mr. Edmund L. Quatmann 
Chief Legal Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Michael E. Pegram 
Independent Director




Mr. David P. Tomick 
Lead Independent Director




Mr. Roger P. Wagner 
Independent Director




Mr. Frank J. Fahrenkopf 
Independent Director




Mr. James B. Hawkins 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




9:17 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:14aScaramucci provides a shocking Bannon comparison that defies anatomy
9:13aStock futures trim losses after GDP data; tech shares weight on Nasdaq 
9:12aMattel stock price target cut to $22 from $24 at D.A. Davidson
9:11aStarbucks stock price target cut to $67 from $70 at Instinet
9:11aMasterCard stock price target raised to $153 from $134 at Instinet
9:11aCan Snap fall even more as lockups expire?
9:10aA high-powered Florida couple announces their ‘Trump Divorce’
9:10aVerizon stock price target raised to $47 from $46 at Instinet
9:10aAmazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift
9:09aKLA-Tencor stock price target raised to $100 from $95 at Instinet
9:09aU.S. GDP speeds up to 2.6% in 2nd quarter 
9:08aHot Pie from ‘Game of Thrones’ is selling direwolf bread in real life
9:08aEllie Mae's stock set for record selloff after results disappoints, outlook slashed
9:00aStock market set to extend fresh tech rout as Amazon disappoints; GDP data ahead
8:54aAtlantic Media selling ownership stake to organization run by Laurene Powell Jobs
8:50aRetail investors wait this long to dive into IPOs
8:44aMerck expects June cyberattack to affect company's 2017 financial performance
8:39aChevron swings to profit as charges shrink
8:37aChevron's stock slips 0.1% premarket after Q2 results
8:36aMcConnell blames Democrats after health-care loss | House approves border-wall money     
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Goldberg Segalla’s Doors Open in St. Louis | Goldberg Segalla



























Who We Are
Practices & Industries
Our Team
 Offices
Resources
Careers
Contact
 Twitter
LinkedIn
Google Plus
Facebook
Blogs
Search
 









Offices
Resources
Careers
Contact
 Twitter
LinkedIn
Google Plus
Facebook
Blogs
Search
 

Who We Are
Practices & Industries
Our Team
 


















Search



Search this site: 















Alerts and GS NewsBlogsGS PublicationsUSLAW NetworkCareersSearch / Site MapContactFlag Management





Related Attorneys






David M. Frohlichstein




Paul L. Knobbe




Lynn A. Lehnert




Kurtis B. Reeg



 
 


News & Updates






"Data Breach Notification Statutes," Viewpoints




Goldberg Segalla Earns Top Workplace Awards in New York, New Jersey, Illinois, and Florida in 2017




North Carolina Governor Signs Bill Repealing Medical Presumption Expansion in Wilkes Decision




New York Paid Family Leave Regulations Finalized




"Insuring The Sharing Economy and FINTECH: The Exposures and Related Coverage Issues, Where Things Now Stand and Where They May Be Heading," Mealey's Emerging Insurance Disputes




Professional Liability Magazine




Latest Reinsurance Deskbook from Thomson Reuters and DRI Again Features Thomas Segalla as Editor, Seven Goldberg Segalla Contributors




"Nothing to LOL About: E-Discovery of Texts on the Rise," Corporate Counsel




"Why You Should Argue Your Appeal," Law360




Joseph M. Hanna and Bunkers in Baghdad Featured In Multiple Publications



 
 
 




    News & Updates  



    Goldberg Segalla’s Doors Open in St. Louis        March 2, 2015


In a move that  signals its broadening national footprint and continued reach into the Midwest, Goldberg Segalla is pleased to announce that the doors to its St. Louis office are now officially open. The office — the firm’s 13th, located at 8000 Maryland Avenue — is helmed by nationally recognized insurance coverage and toxic tort attorney Kurtis B. Reeg. Mr. Reeg is joined by partner Paul L. Knobbe and associates David M. Frohlichstein, Lynn A. Lehnert, and Matthew A. Temper. As well as adding depth to the firm’s already robust capabilities in the insurance coverage and toxic torts realms, Mr. Reeg and his team of seasoned trial lawyers add extensive experience in areas such as agriculture, environmental law, business and commercial litigation, intellectual property, medical malpractice, product liability, and others. All of Goldberg Segalla’s practice areas have expanded into its newest office.    Meet the Goldberg Segalla St. Louis Team A veteran litigator who has focused his 35 years of practice in the fields of toxic torts and products liability, Kurtis B. Reeg represents product manufacturers and distribution-chain entities in a wide range of products and premises asbestos and products liability litigation in more than 20 states. His extensive asbestos litigation experience includes serving as state, regional, and national counsel for some of the country’s largest manufacturers and contractors. Throughout the course of his exceptional career, Mr. Reeg has represented at least 11 of the current 2014 Fortune 100. Paul L. Knobbe’s practice centers on products liability, toxic torts, agriculture law, personal injury, and medical malpractice. An accomplished trial lawyer — he served as an Assistant Prosecuting Attorney and then as an Assistant Public Defender before entering private practice — Mr. Knobbe handles a wide variety of civil cases and has worked on complex state-federal herbicide class actions. His knowledge of and proficiency with complex medical issues and discovery/trial techniques has made him an in-demand speaker and author on a wide variety of legal topics and litigation. David M. Frohlichstein focuses his practice on toxic tort cases, a variety of insurance matters, and class action litigation. His experience includes the review/synthesis/distillation of scientific studies related to the litigation in which he is involved, and is known for his ability to humanize the administrative, legislative, and judicial processes for clients and their officers and employees. With a background that includes training in both biology and chemistry, Lynn A. Lehnert brings a unique perspective to her work, which focuses on toxic torts litigation, intellectual property (patents and trademarks), environmental law, products liability, and insurance. Her scientific knowledge and technical acumen are of direct advantage to clients in disputes involving complex scientific issues. She is a Registered Patent Attorney with the United States Patent and Trademark Office in Washington, D.C. Matthew A. Temper’s practice focuses on toxic torts, products liability, commercial and business litigation, oil, gas, and real estate. He brings unique and exceptionally beneficial qualifications to asbestos, environmental, and product liability cases from his 15 years of experience working in the field as an industrial hygienist. In this role, Matt advised Fortune 500 companies on regulatory issues related to occupational exposures to substances such as asbestos, benzene, and lead. About Goldberg Segalla Goldberg Segalla is a law firm more than 200 lawyers strong, with 13 offices in the United States (spanning New York, Illinois, Missouri, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and Connecticut) and in Europe (in London, where the firm operates as Goldberg Segalla Global LLP). It counsels and protects the interests of regional, national, and international clients, including a number of Fortune 100 companies, in a wide range of industries. Goldberg Segalla handles all forms of dispute resolution and provides proactive legal and regulatory counsel that helps clients minimize and manage risk in a broad array of areas. Founded in 2001, the firm is proud to have grown to be ranked on the National Law Journal’s NLJ 350 list of the largest law firms in the United States. Goldberg Segalla has been recognized by its clients and peers — as well as by the National Law Journal, Law360, Reactions, LexisNexis, the Minority Corporate Counsel Association, and others — for reliability, innovation, commitment to diversity, and prominence in key practices and industries. 
Print
E-Mail
Share








Flag
Click to add page

Number of pages
0





Manage pages
Print pages

 




Expand




 






Navigate
Who We Are
Practices & Industries
Our Team
 Offices
Resources
Careers
Contact
 

Our Offices







New York




Chicago




Orlando




West Palm Beach




St. Louis




Hartford




Newark




Rochester




Albany




Garden City




London




Philadelphia




Miami




Baltimore




Greensboro




Princeton




Buffalo




Syracuse




White Plains



 
 
 

What Our Clients Say About Us




"The best law firm that I have ever worked with."
— From research conducted by U.S. News and Best Lawyers for the “Best Law Firms” rankingRead more of what our clients say about the results, service, and value they receive from partnering with Goldberg Segalla. 

 
 






Attorney Advertising. © 2017 Goldberg Segalla. Prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome.



Employee Login
Privacy Policy
Legal Disclaimer



















Thomas J Reeg | Adel IA | Read Reviews + Get a Free Quote | BuildZoom


































































×





Want a quote from
Thomas J Reeg?


We recommend getting 3 quotes
for any construction project. 
Use our
free bidding system
to get a quote from Thomas J Reeg
+ 2 more of the best.



Tell us about your project









Is this your business? Claim now >






T







BZ Score:
90







License not required




Adel, IA









Thomas J Reeg




this is my business



Contact us






BZ Score:
90







WRITE A REVIEW















Summary

this is my business
request a quote















Home

 
/


Search

 



Updated: Jan 21, 2016





Overview

Thomas J Reeg in Adel, IA holds a license according to the Iowa license board. Their BuildZoom score of 90 indicates that they are licensed or registered but we do not have additional information about them.If you are thinking of hiring Thomas J Reeg, we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board and using our bidding system to get competitive quotes. 




Where Thomas J Reeg Works


Google




Contact


Do you work for this business?
Unlock this free profile
to update company info and see who's viewing your profile.






Similar Contractors
See more









9379 Swanson Boulevard, Ste D, Clive, IA 50325
(641) 323-1293 ext. 126


Buresh Home Solutions, Inc




License # C095734


Clive, IA




5

2
ratings
 







106

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


-
Projects














1642 Carroll Ave, St Paul, IA 50003
(641) 323-1293 ext. 171


All Energy Solar Inc




License # C117971


Panther, IA







106

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


-
Projects














4518 69th Street, Urbandale, IA 50322

(641) 323-1293 ext. 14974


King Carpentry




License # C126116


Urbandale, IA







105

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


-
Projects













Thomas J Reeg Reviews



BuildZoom hasn't received any reviews for Thomas J Reeg. Click here to be alerted when reviews are posted about them.



Please write a review about Thomas J Reeg










1
Rate this contractor







Click stars to rate




2
Provide a detailed review of this contractor.






 














Recent Buildzoom Projects


View all








Custom Home Build










Restaurant Buildout










Swimming Pool Project










Kitchen Remodel










Bathroom Remodel








Request a Quote





Explore BuildZoom

If you are considering hiring Thomas J Reeg,
we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board
and using our
bidding system
to get competitive quotes.




Hiring a contractor?






Get bids from BuildZoom's best contractors within 5 mins during regular business hours by filling out this form




I need help with...





Zip Code





Request Quotes From





90


Thomas J Reeg








106


Buresh Home Solutions, Inc







106


All Energy Solar Inc







105


King Carpentry






Request a Quote







License info














License Not Verified


StatusActiveStateIowa


When BuildZoom last verified this license, it had an expiration date of April, 2014. Check the current license status of Thomas J Reeg with the Iowa Workforce Development Agency












90




BuildZoom Score


How the BuildZoom Score works








Follow this contractor








Employees







Thomas J Reeg
Owner


















Before you Hire

Here are some rules, regulations, and laws governing general contractors
in Iowa:













Does Thomas J Reeg carry a valid contracting license?



Although a contractor license is not required in the state of Iowa, contractors earning more than $2000 per year from construction related work must register their business with the Iowa Division of Labor.
Thomas J Reeg currently holds license 956 , which was Active when we last checked. 











How important is contractor licensing in Iowa?



In Iowa, general contractors are not required to pass an exam to become licensed. However, plumbing and electrical contractors do have to pass a trade exam to obtain a license in Iowa.











Your liability risk when hiring Thomas J Reeg



Registered contractors in Iowa are required to carry an active workers' compensation policy. In addition to workers' compensation insurance, it is always a good idea to hire contractors with general liability insurance. Be sure to request copies of certificates for both workers' compensation and general liabilty insurance 











Financial recourse when hiring Thomas J Reeg



Iowa contractors are required to obtain a surety bond. Homeowners can file a claim against this bond in the event of faulty work or damaged property. 











How is the BuildZoom score calculated?



The BuildZoom score is based on a number of factors including the contractor's license status, insurance status, verified work history, standing with local consumer interest groups, verified reviews from other BuildZoom users and self-reported feedback from the contractor.











Why you should hire through BuildZoom



When it comes to major construction work or even minor alterations to your home, hiring the wrong contractor could result in incomplete or defective work.You may even find yourself dealing with huge liability claims. BuildZoom does the homework for you and helps you hire the right contractor.











You should get several bids before hiring a contractor



Before hiring a contractor in Iowa, be sure to get at least 3 detailed bids. Quality contractors will take the time to explain their budget proposal, and help guide you through the estimate process. Be wary of an abnormally low bid, they are not worth the risk. These underpriced projects often do not end well for the homeowner, choose a contractor you trust and can clearly communicate with. BuildZoom has made the bid collection process extremely simple (and free). Just click here to get started.









About BuildZoom






BuildZoom has one simple purpose: To help you find the perfect contractor
for any job, commercial or residential.


BuildZoom is a database of every licensed contractor in the United States.
We work hard to figure out who the great contractors are, and who the bad
contractors are.

more...





BuildZoom combines license information on 3.5 million contractors with
110 million building permits, and over 80,000
reviews from property owners.If you are looking for a specific
contractor and you can’t find them on BuildZoom, it’s likely that they do
not have a license - please
contact us
and we’ll try to help!



Finding a Contractor through BuildZoom



The best way to use BuildZoom is to let us recommend contractors for
your remodeling projects.


Homeowners who

hire through BuildZoom's free bidding system
 report high rates of satisfaction, and homeowners who research
contractors online are twice as likely to be happy at the end of their
project.


If you hire a contractor through BuildZoom, that contractor is
accountable to us. We can enforce standards of behavior, mediate
disputes, and guarantee satisfaction.



Read more about why hiring through BuildZoom is so effective.
 
less...









Press Coverage





BuildZoom’s database now contains every licensed contractor across the U.S. - over 2.5 million of them... Categorized contractor profiles are enriched using government data from state licensing boards, Better Business Bureau ratings, and more…


BuildZoom jumped into the fray by announcing that it raised $10.6 million in a round led by Formation 8. ...the Y combinator-backed startup said it will be focused on remodeling projects, where the median budget is around $19,000…


A new index compiled by BuildZoom — which identifies contractors for projects — found that renovations are
running 2.8 percent above their 2005 level…




















×
Contact Thomas J Reeg
We will attempt to deliver your message to Thomas J Reeg. We'll notify you when it is delivered.













Your Name

Your Email

Your Phone (optional)

Your Message

I'm interested in speaking with you about a project. Are you available to chat today?

 









‹
›
×




×












 
How the BuildZoom Score Works
Read more about the BuildZoom scoring algorithm here.


A Licensed Contractor Starts with 90 Points.


Their score will increase or decrease based on these variables.
























Positive Client Feedback





Verified License + Insurance





Project History





Community Participation





Profile Page Content


Employee Info
Years in Business
Contact Info
Project Photos









Suspended or Inactive License





Negative Client Feedback





Limited Work History
























Browse remodeling photos
If you are looking for remodeling ideas, you can browse hundreds of beautiful photos of work performed by our general contractors.






Browse building permits
You can use our building permit search to see the contractors who are active in your neighborhood and the projects currently taking place.






Get a cost estimate
Use our remodeling calculator to get a ballpark estimate for your project. If you're ready to hire, use our bidding system to get actual quotes from local contractors.



































































Reeg, Thomas - The Wall Street Transcript











































 





































Thomas  Reeg
Thomas Reeg has been President of Eldorado Resorts, Inc. and a member of the board of directors since September 2014. From January 2011 through September 2014, Mr. Reeg served as Senior Vice President of Strategic Development at Eldorado Resorts, LLC. From December 2007 through September 2014, he was also a member of Eldorado Resorts, LLC’s board of managers. Mr. Reeg was a Founding Partner and Senior Managing Director of Newport Global Advisors. Prior to joining Newport Global Advisors, Mr. Reeg held a number of positions in the financial service industry, most recently Managing Director of AIG Global Investment Group from 2002 to September 2005. Mr. Reeg holds a BBA from the University of Notre Dame.
Related Interviews:Interview with the Chairman & CEO and President: Eldorado Resorts, Inc. (ERI)October 15, 2014







CartLatest NewsAll American USC Footbal Player Joseph M. Boskovich Jr. Now Picks All American Value Stocks for his ClientsPaul Hogan Picks Tech Dividend Growers Microchip Technology (NASDAQ:MCHP), Xilinx (NASDAQ:XLNX) and Versum Materials (NYSE:VSM)600 Gallons of Water to Produce a McDonalds (NYSE:MCD) Quarter Pounder:  How Will Investors Profit?The Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesGregory D. PadillaAlberto Jimenez Crespo Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMZN 005930 AAPL MU WHR KIMBERA GS VOD PPG SHW VIV PEY Buy ($25)Building Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessDean  Pagonis Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: CMP SBH AMZN ULTA CVS LRLCY KMB WWW SDF Buy ($25)Finding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market ExpertiseZach  Miller Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: LSXMK SIRI BLL CHTR ARMK Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsInvesting Strategies Published July 24, 2017Buy ($175)Wireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesBuilding Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessFinding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market Expertise 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google












