






About — Regis Management Company















































ABOUTFounded in 2000, Regis is a multi-billion dollar portfolio manager and investment adviser that builds customized portfolios designed to deliver superior long-term capital appreciation. Regis is an independent investment office with expertise in marketable securities, alternative investments and private investments. We define and execute wealth and investment management strategies that carefully align with the complex multi-generational goals and needs of each client. We take a consultative approach and deliver world-class client service, while serving as a trusted advisor across intermediaries and service providers. 




































Stock Observer














 















 



  
 
 







Internet Brands To Acquire WebMD in $2.8B Cash Deal
Jul 27th, 2017
				On Monday morning, Internet Brands announced a definitive agreement to purchase internet health info giant WebMD in a transaction valued at nearly $3 billion. Internet Brands—a KKR...   






Can Sears Save Its Appliances Business By Partnering with Amazon?

							Jul 23rd, 2017						 

							Amazon and Sears have been in the news a lot lately, but for the opposite reasons:...   
 





Low Fees and Good Earnings Spell An Excellent Day—and Quarter—for BlackRock

							Jul 22nd, 2017						 

							BlackRock is the largest asset management firm in the world and, on Monday,...   
 





Coca Cola (UK) To Double Recycled Plastics En Route to 100 Percent Recycled Materials in Bottles

							Jul 20th, 2017						 

							Estimates suggest that plastic bottle production is slated to grow another 20...   
 





Facebook To Unveil A Standalone Oculus VR Headset Next Year

							Jul 19th, 2017						 

							Facebook will in 2018 be unveiling a new Oculus VR headset that will operate...   
 
 
 



Headlines
Toshiba Will Pay To Finish Nuclear Reactors In Southern United States

					Jun 13th, 2017				





					The Tokyo-based Toshiba Corporation said, on Saturday, that it plans to contribute $3.68 billion to press onward with building two new nuclear reactors in the US state of Georgia. The company...  
More »

DHS Could Extend The Electronics Ban On Flights To Europe
Ford Has Designed A Crib That Mimics A Car Ride To Help Babies Sleep




Health
Can Prolonged Antibiotic Use Lead to Colon Cancer?

					Apr 7th, 2017				





					So, we are now learning that long-term antibiotic use—and a somewhat ignorant medical over-reliance on them—has contributed to the rise of superbugs. These are bacteria which are mostly immune...  
More »

Can A Daily Low-Dose Aspirin Reduce Risk from Cancer Death?
At Least 1 in 5 Adults in the US Infected By High-Risk Strain of HPV
Smoking Rates Down but Population Growth Keeps Smoking Death Rate High







Economy
OPEC Meeting Will Address Concerns Over Global Oil Glut

					Jul 26th, 2017				





					OPEC has recently expressed concerns regarding its plans to drain the global glut—which is supposed to help raise crude prices—is failing.
At a long-planned meeting in St. Petersburg, Russia,...  
More »

Oil Prices Up, but still struggling with direction




Technology
DHS Could Extend The Electronics Ban On Flights To Europe

					May 13th, 2017				





					A ban on large electronic items such as laptops in commercial flights headed to the United States might in the near future affect passengers from European countries. Currently the ‘laptop ban’...  
More »

Reports Loss And Stock Falls Sharply As Shareholders Take A Hit
Survey Reveals That Microsoft’s Surface Tablet More Satisfying Than The iPad




 
 






















Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

Marks and Spencer Group Plc (MKS) Cut to Sell at Societe Generale
Harvard Bioscience, Inc. (NASDAQ:HBIO) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Guess?, Inc. (NYSE:GES)
Stifel Nicolaus Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Molson Coors Brewing  Company (NYSE:TAP)
TripAdvisor, Inc. (NASDAQ:TRIP) Receives “Sell” Rating from Cowen and Company
FMC Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:FTI) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC
Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms Hold Rating for Arista Networks, Inc. (NYSE:ANET)
Linde AG (ETR:LIN) Given a €175.00 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts
Pentair PLC. (NYSE:PNR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Stifel Nicolaus
NewLink Genetics Corporation (NASDAQ:NLNK) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC
CIRCOR International, Inc. (NYSE:CIR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Stifel Nicolaus
Valmont Industries, Inc. (NYSE:VMI) Receives “Buy” Rating from Stifel Nicolaus
Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Hold Rating for Associated Banc-Corp (NYSE:ASB)
Rexahn Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NYSEMKT:RNN) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research
Orchid Island Capital (ORC) & Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corporation (WMC) Critical Survey
ITT (ITT) & Eaton Corporation, PLC (ETN) Head-To-Head Review
Greencoat UK Wind PLC Plans Dividend of GBX 1.62 (LON:UKW)
Target Healthcare REIT Ltd (LON:THRL) Declares Dividend of GBX 1.57
National Express Group PLC (LON:NEX) Declares Dividend of GBX 4.26
Mosaic Company (The)’s (NYSE:MOS) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Stifel Nicolaus



 
 







































Regis Management Company




























body.homepage #navigation-top {
  display: none !important;
}




































 Independent portfolio management and investment advisory for private clients, foundations and endowments.  











ABOUTFounded in 2000, Regis is a multi-billion dollar portfolio manager and investment adviser that builds customized portfolios designed to deliver superior long-term capital appreciation. Regis is an independent investment office with expertise in marketable securities, alternative investments and private investments. We define and execute wealth and investment management strategies that carefully align with the complex multi-generational goals and needs of each client. We take a consultative approach and deliver world-class client service, while serving as a trusted advisor across intermediaries and service providers. 











INVESTMENT SERVICESObjective, Aligned PerspectiveAs an independent advisor, we can be objective in our advice and transparent in our fees and services. We have the flexibility and freedom to choose from a broad global selection of high-quality investments based on your objectives. We are 100 percent employee-owned and invest alongside our clients, aligning our interests with yours. Full-Service Asset ManagementFor private clients looking for complete asset management, we construct, implement, and oversee all aspects of their portfolio. Regis takes a long-term, valuation-based approach to investing, focused on preservation of capital and reduction of risk. Our conservative perspective allows for both steady growth and needed liquidity to help ensure financial security and peace of mind.  Coordinated Tax EfficiencyWith a focus on capital preservation, we pay close attention to tax implications when designing private client portfolios. We partner with our clients’ tax, estate planning, and legal advisors, holding regular all-hands meetings to help ensure investment decisions are well-integrated with tax and estate planning strategies. EXPERIENCED STEWARD OF CHARITABLE ASSETS  Regis works with private and family foundations in developing and managing their asset management strategies. Volatility and complexity in the capital markets often make it difficult for foundation investment committees to meet their fiduciary obligations while working on a part-time basis. Day-to-day portfolio oversight is essential to help ensure that portfolio goals are being met and capital is preserved. Exclusive AccessFor Regis' principals and their families, we have combined our best ideas in asset allocation, fund selection and portfolio management experience in a diversified, transparent "all-weather" portfolio. By consolidating our expertise, we have endeavored to create a portfolio with attractive risk and return characteristics, as well as lower investment requirements. We subsequently invited a select and like-minded group of investors to participate in this opportunity, although Regis employees remain the primary participants.











TEAMJohn FreidenrichChairmanJohn Freidenrich is Chairman, co-founder and member of the Investment Committee. Mr. Freidenrich began his career as a lawyer, starting the law firm of Ware & Freidenrich (now DLA Piper Rudnick) in 1968. He also founded the venture capital firm, Bay Partners, in 1976 and led the firm for over a quarter century. Mr. Freidenrich retired from Bay Partners in December, 2004. He received his bachelor's degree and L.L.D. from Stanford University, to which he has maintained close ties. Mr. Freidenrich was a member of Stanford University’s Board of Trustees for a decade and Chairman of the Board for four years in the mid 1990s. He sits on the Board of Directors of Stanford Hospital and Clinics; American Century Funds; and the Taube-Koret Campus for Jewish Life.Robert BurlinsonManaging Partner & Chief Investment OfficerRobert Burlinson is a Managing Partner, Co-Founder, Chief Investment Officer and member of the Investment Committee. Mr. Burlinson also serves as the firm’s Chief Executive and Chief Investment Officer. He previously worked as a Principal for Industrial Growth Partners, a private equity firm focused on middle-market manufacturing businesses. Mr. Burlinson also executed public and private financings and merger advisory assignments for Alex Brown & Sons, Inc. and Kidder, Peabody & Co. He began his career in the private placements group of Manufacturers Hanover Securities Corporation. Mr. Burlinson received an A.B. from Stanford University and an M.B.A. from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Burlinson also serves on the investment committee of the Skoll Foundation.Peter GiffordPartner & PresidentPeter Gifford is a Partner and member of the Investment Committee. Mr. Gifford also serves as the firm's President. Prior to joining Regis in 2006, Mr. Gifford worked at Advanced Technology Ventures, a multi-stage venture capital firm. Previously, he worked in business development at Loudcloud/Opsware and in the investment banking and investment management divisions of Morgan Stanley & Co. Mr. Gifford holds an A.B., with distinction, from Stanford University and an M.B.A. from the Stanford Graduate School of Business. Mr. Gifford is President of the Palo Alto Community Fund and a prior Chair of its investment committee. He also serves on the Board of Governors of The Hotchkiss School and the board of the East Palo Alto Charter School.Michael RossStrategic PartnerMichael Ross is a Strategic Partner and member of the Investment Committee. In addition, Mr. Ross is the Director of MLR Properties and has partnered with Regis to identify distressed real estate opportunities. Mr. Ross was a founder of Makena Capital Management and was its Chief Investment Officer from its founding until April 2010; serving as Senior Advisor to the firm until April 2012. Makena Capital manages a single pooled private endowment fund with approximately $15 Billion in assets under management. Prior to forming Makena Capital, Mr. Ross was the Chief Investment Officer at the Stanford Management Company which is responsible for Stanford University’s $20 Billion in financial assets. Mr. Ross joined SMC in 2001 becoming Chief Investment Officer in early 2002. Mr. Ross received an B.A. from Princeton University and an M.B.A. from the Stanford Graduate School of Business where he was an Arjay Miller Scholar. Mr. Ross has served as a trustee and Chairman of the Stanford Graduate School of Business Trust and also sits on the Investment Task Force at the Crystal Springs Uplands School. Mr. Ross is on the Board of Advisors of Atrium Capital Corporation and was previously on the Board of Directors of the Capital Guardian Emerging Markets Growth Fund.Michael DarbyPartnerMichael Darby is a Partner and a member of the Investment Committee. Prior to joining Regis in 2007, Mr. Darby has invested in private equity direct and fund investments. He managed a diversified $150M fund for Sterling Stamos, an investment firm with $5B under management. As General Partner for Battery Ventures and Director for Cisco Systems, he returned multiples of invested capital backing technology startups. Mr. Darby previously was a Vice President at the U.S. Investment Fund, an emerging markets private equity firm, and provided strategic advice as part of Booz, Allen & Hamilton. Mr. Darby graduated magna cum laude with an A.B. from Harvard University and received an M.B.A. from the Stanford Graduate School of Business.Stephen DonahuePartnerStephen Donahue is a Partner and a member of the Investment Committee. Prior to joining Regis in 2004, he served as an Analyst at Bay Partners, an early-stage technology venture capital firm, focusing on enterprise and infrastructure software companies. Earlier in his career, he worked in investment banking at Banc of America Securities and at Kana Software. Mr. Donahue earned an A.B. in Economics and History from Dartmouth College. He has earned the Chartered Financial Analyst designation.Steven GoPartner & COOSteven Go is a Partner and Chief Operating Officer of Regis. Mr. Go is responsible for all of the business operations and general day-to-day office activities of the firm including back-office operations, information technology, compliance and other non-investment related activities. Prior to joining Regis in 2010, for three years Mr. Go was the Chief Financial Officer of Black Ship Capital Management, LP, a start-up hedge fund manager and before that, Chief Administrative Officer of Seneca Capital Management, LP where he was responsible for all back-office activities as well as information technology. Mr. Go earned a B.A. in Economics from the University of California, Berkeley and received his M.B.A. from the Stern School of Business at New York University.Matthew KrenskyPartnerMatthew Krensky is a Partner and a member of the Investment Committee. Prior to joining Regis in 2011, Mr. Krensky was responsible for constructing and implementing investment portfolio, wealth and estate planning strategies for ultra high net worth families, foundations and endowments at JPMorgan Private Bank. Mr. Krensky earned an A.B. in Economics from Stanford University.Kristof NeukermansPartnerKristof Neukermans is a Partner and a member of the Investment Committee. Prior to Regis in 2006, he conducted healthcare economics research at Stanford University and Cornell University and has published articles in several journals including the New England Journal of Medicine and Emerging Infectious Diseases. Earlier he worked in engineering and prototyping at Xros, a telecommunications company acquired by Nortel. Mr. Neukermans earned a BA in molecular biology from Princeton University and received an MBA from the Stanford Graduate School of Business.















PHONE(650) 838-1030Locations300 Hamilton Avenue, Suite 400Palo Alto, CA 94301 455 Market Street, Suite 1690San Francisco, CA 94105  





Name *
Name


                  First Name



                  Last Name



Email Address *



Subject *



Message *






Thank you for your message.




 



















  Regus US | Office Space, Meeting Rooms & Virtual Offices                                     Call            Menu Create an account  Email us    Call: 1-855-400-3575   Login   Get pricesBook a tour     Get in touch today   Call: 1-855-400-3575   Email us Book a tour Create account  Login   Talk to our team1-855-400-3575   Email us Download our app     Office space wherever you need it Pick your workspace, find your location, then contact us to get started.        Office space Fully furnished and ready to go Find out more   Office space Choose from any of our 3000 locations. Fully serviced offices for rent by the day, by the week, or by the year. Find out more          Virtual office An instant presence anywhere Find out more   Virtual office Establish a presence anywhere you need; business address, mail handling, telephone answering and more. Find out more          Co-working Your desk in a shared space Find out more   Co-working Desk space in a shared office or open plan environment; a more social way to work. Find out more          Meeting room Professional space to meet Find out more   Meeting room Professional space for meetings anywhere you need; bookable by the hour or by the day. Find out more          Businessworld Workspace by the day, anywhere Find out more  Businessworld Access any of our centers for 5, 10 or as many days as you like each month. Find out more                       Why Regus?     What's included     How it works     Get started         The Regus difference  It's so much more than just a space - create a unique way of working based around your business.    Everything is included One simple price for everything    Work wherever you want Choose from 3000 locations worldwide in 120 countries    Unique benefits Access our global network of locations and get discounts with our supplier marketplace    Start today It's quick and easy to set up, and we're here to help whenever you're ready             Everything is included  You pay one simple price and get all of this     Our facilities   Communal kitchen with tea and coffee making facilities All utility costs included Professional business environment, wherever you are in the world      Our technology   Secure, high-speed business-grade internet and WiFi Use of 50 million WiFi hotspots around the world Access to printers, scanners and photocopiers      Your benefits   Invitations to exclusive marketing and networking events Exclusive access to the Regus Marketplace program providing discounts from leading brands      We are flexible   We can grow your workspace as your business grows Money-back guarantee - if you are not happy after one week, cancel your contract with no charge     You only pay for consumables such as phone calls, photocopies and coffee                      How our pricing works With 3000 locations worldwide in 120 countries you can be confident that we have the perfect location for you and your business      1  Where do you want to work?     With 3000 locations worldwide in 120 countries you can be confident that we have the perfect location for you and your business          2  How long do you need it for?    Full time  Get your own space from a month to years    Part time  Choose a 5 or 10 day per month package    Pay as you go  Download our app         3  What size workspace do you need?     Choose the number of people for whom you need space. Only pay for the space that you need.         4  What type of workspace do you want?     Suites & offices     Co-working     Virtual offices     Meeting rooms          Subject to terms and conditions - space may be limited or unavailable in some areas.                    Let's get started  Whatever your business, whatever your budget we’ll help find the right workspace.       Let's get started  Whatever your business, whatever your budget we’ll help find the right workspace.                   Need more information?Send us an email    Want to ask some questions? 1-855-400-3575      Create an account and start using us Create account      Download the app and start using us Download now   Visit one of our locationsBook now              Email us   Call us  Get our app  Get prices     © Regus Group Companies [2017] | 1.4.7709.0 Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy    This site uses cookies to improve your website experience. Cookie Policy     Recently viewed centres       Recently viewed centres                       Let's discuss how we can help you Fill in a few details and we'll contact you asap.       My name is     My email address is          My phone number is                  Product of interest   Please choose *   Please choose * Office space Co-working Virtual office Meeting room Businessworld Other        Comments     By clicking the button you agree to terms and conditions                      Get a quote It's quick. It’s easy. Our team will be in touch with your quote.       My name is     My email address is          My phone number is                  Product of interest   Please choose *   Please choose * Office space Co-working Virtual office Meeting room Businessworld Other        Comments     By clicking the button you agree to terms and conditions                         Tell us what you are looking for. Our team will usually be in touch within one hour.    Your requirements:  How many people is this for?        Person     How long will you need your office for?        Please select week(s) month(s) year(s)        Do you have a start date in mind?   Yes No            Today  Today Tomorrow          Please enter your details:    My name is     My email address is     Re-enter your email address          My phone number is         By clicking the button you agree to terms and conditions         Thank you We will be in touch shortly To review all our locations download the Regus App and find your perfect workspace.             Or you can search online here  Close window                    Get a price It's quick. It's easy. Our team will be in touch with your price.       My name is     My email address is          My phone number is        Product of interest   Please choose *   Please choose * Office space Co-working Virtual office Meeting room Businessworld Other          By clicking the button you agree to terms and conditions                    Get a price It's quick. It's easy. Our team will be in touch with your price.       My name is     My email address is          My phone number is                  Product of interest   Please choose *   Please choose * Office space Co-working Virtual office Meeting room Businessworld Other        Comments     By clicking the button you agree to terms and conditions                      Come & see for yourself Let our teams show you our spaces, at a time that works for you.        My name is       My email address is              My phone number is                         Today  Today Tomorrow       At 8:00 AM At 9:00 AM At 10:00 AM At 11:00 AM At 12:00 PM At 1:00 PM At 2:00 PM At 3:00 PM At 4:00 PM At 5:00 PM At 6:00 PM        Product of interest   Please choose *   Please choose * Office space Co-working Virtual office Meeting room Businessworld Other            By clicking the button you agree to terms and conditions                      Broker referral Simply refer your leads to Regus using the form below and we’ll take it from there    Your contact details    First name     Last name     My email address is          My phone number is            Your referral details   First name     Last name     Lead's email address is          Lead's phone number is                By clicking the button you agree to terms and conditions View broker referral policy                      Get $500 when you refer a friend Refer a business associate today and you get a $500 AmEx gift card for every referral that becomes a Regus client. And there's no limit to how many rewards you can earn!    Your contact details     My name is       My email address is            My phone number is         Your referral details    Their name is       Their email address is            Their phone number is                   By submitting this form you acknowledge that the individual you are referring has consented to being contacted by Regus. Terms and Conditions                      Let's talk Fill out the form and our development team will be in touch shortly.       My name is      My email address is           My phone number is       I am interested in (Enter city)     By clicking the button you agree to terms and conditions                          We give you three easy options  With all-inclusive pricing        Full time From $3.80 (per person per day)     Reserve your own space for one person or a whole team, from a month to years        Part time From $5.90 (per person per day)     Choose a 5 or 10 day package designed to save you money.        Pay as you go From $9.00 (per person per day)     Download our app, register your credit card and start using our workspace on demand           Private offices    Co-working    Business lounges    Virtual offices    Meeting rooms                   Let's discuss how we can help you Fill in a few details and we'll contact you asap.       My name is          My phone number is         My email address is              By clicking the button you agree to terms and conditions         Close window               Everything is included  You pay one simple price, and get all of this.      Services   Mail handling Access to administrative support Access to printer, scanner and photocopier        Facilities   Receptionist Kitchen Business lounge Break-out areas All utilities Cleaning Security        Technology   Business grade internet WiFi Phone handset and lines 50 million WiFi hotspots Access to IT experts        Benefits   Discount programme Regus community events and activities Regus app          Workspace   Office furniture Business address Access to meeting rooms        Choices   Choice of workstyle Workspace layout options Choice of furniture        Lounges   Global lounge access (over 2000) Airport lounge access (800 worldwide)        Flexibility   Free relocation Money-back guarantee         The only exclusions are consumables such as phone calls and photocopies, use of meeting rooms, and advanced technology         Let's discuss how we can help you Fill in a few details and we'll contact you asap.       My name is          My phone number is         My email address is              By clicking the button you agree to terms and conditions         Close window               Use our whole network  Create a base in one location and get 3000 others to use as well. You'll find them in all kinds of places, so there's always one nearby.      City centres    Out of town    Airports    Railways    Roadside    Libraries    Retail parks    Universities    Hotels     1024 locations in United States      3000 worldwide in 120 countries            Let's discuss how we can help you Fill in a few details and we'll contact you asap.       My name is          My phone number is         My email address is              By clicking the button you agree to terms and conditions         Close window               Our community  We help you to make new contacts, meet local businesses, share ideas and create new business opportunities      Coffee chat   Chat over a coffee in a relaxed communal space      Informal events   Meet like-minded professionals at our city events      Networking events   Connect with hundreds of people at our signature events      Annual retreat   Take time out from work and learn from recognized business leaders      Digital   Connect with the Regus community using our social network          "The office and service we receive is like an extension of our business - which makes us look like a bigger company" Jackie Bigirwa, Supply Chain Manager, The Cracker Drinks Co'      "Using Regus has helped us grow our business and it should be able to accommodate us as we continue to grow" David Marsden, Director, First Capital Factors Ltd           Let's discuss how we can help you Fill in a few details and we'll contact you asap.       My name is          My phone number is         My email address is              By clicking the button you agree to terms and conditions         Close window         35                 






Regis Management Company




























body.homepage #navigation-top {
  display: none !important;
}




































 Independent portfolio management and investment advisory for private clients, foundations and endowments.  











ABOUTFounded in 2000, Regis is a multi-billion dollar portfolio manager and investment adviser that builds customized portfolios designed to deliver superior long-term capital appreciation. Regis is an independent investment office with expertise in marketable securities, alternative investments and private investments. We define and execute wealth and investment management strategies that carefully align with the complex multi-generational goals and needs of each client. We take a consultative approach and deliver world-class client service, while serving as a trusted advisor across intermediaries and service providers. 











INVESTMENT SERVICESObjective, Aligned PerspectiveAs an independent advisor, we can be objective in our advice and transparent in our fees and services. We have the flexibility and freedom to choose from a broad global selection of high-quality investments based on your objectives. We are 100 percent employee-owned and invest alongside our clients, aligning our interests with yours. Full-Service Asset ManagementFor private clients looking for complete asset management, we construct, implement, and oversee all aspects of their portfolio. Regis takes a long-term, valuation-based approach to investing, focused on preservation of capital and reduction of risk. Our conservative perspective allows for both steady growth and needed liquidity to help ensure financial security and peace of mind.  Coordinated Tax EfficiencyWith a focus on capital preservation, we pay close attention to tax implications when designing private client portfolios. We partner with our clients’ tax, estate planning, and legal advisors, holding regular all-hands meetings to help ensure investment decisions are well-integrated with tax and estate planning strategies. EXPERIENCED STEWARD OF CHARITABLE ASSETS  Regis works with private and family foundations in developing and managing their asset management strategies. Volatility and complexity in the capital markets often make it difficult for foundation investment committees to meet their fiduciary obligations while working on a part-time basis. Day-to-day portfolio oversight is essential to help ensure that portfolio goals are being met and capital is preserved. Exclusive AccessFor Regis' principals and their families, we have combined our best ideas in asset allocation, fund selection and portfolio management experience in a diversified, transparent "all-weather" portfolio. By consolidating our expertise, we have endeavored to create a portfolio with attractive risk and return characteristics, as well as lower investment requirements. We subsequently invited a select and like-minded group of investors to participate in this opportunity, although Regis employees remain the primary participants.











TEAMJohn FreidenrichChairmanJohn Freidenrich is Chairman, co-founder and member of the Investment Committee. Mr. Freidenrich began his career as a lawyer, starting the law firm of Ware & Freidenrich (now DLA Piper Rudnick) in 1968. He also founded the venture capital firm, Bay Partners, in 1976 and led the firm for over a quarter century. Mr. Freidenrich retired from Bay Partners in December, 2004. He received his bachelor's degree and L.L.D. from Stanford University, to which he has maintained close ties. Mr. Freidenrich was a member of Stanford University’s Board of Trustees for a decade and Chairman of the Board for four years in the mid 1990s. He sits on the Board of Directors of Stanford Hospital and Clinics; American Century Funds; and the Taube-Koret Campus for Jewish Life.Robert BurlinsonManaging Partner & Chief Investment OfficerRobert Burlinson is a Managing Partner, Co-Founder, Chief Investment Officer and member of the Investment Committee. Mr. Burlinson also serves as the firm’s Chief Executive and Chief Investment Officer. He previously worked as a Principal for Industrial Growth Partners, a private equity firm focused on middle-market manufacturing businesses. Mr. Burlinson also executed public and private financings and merger advisory assignments for Alex Brown & Sons, Inc. and Kidder, Peabody & Co. He began his career in the private placements group of Manufacturers Hanover Securities Corporation. Mr. Burlinson received an A.B. from Stanford University and an M.B.A. from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Burlinson also serves on the investment committee of the Skoll Foundation.Peter GiffordPartner & PresidentPeter Gifford is a Partner and member of the Investment Committee. Mr. Gifford also serves as the firm's President. Prior to joining Regis in 2006, Mr. Gifford worked at Advanced Technology Ventures, a multi-stage venture capital firm. Previously, he worked in business development at Loudcloud/Opsware and in the investment banking and investment management divisions of Morgan Stanley & Co. Mr. Gifford holds an A.B., with distinction, from Stanford University and an M.B.A. from the Stanford Graduate School of Business. Mr. Gifford is President of the Palo Alto Community Fund and a prior Chair of its investment committee. He also serves on the Board of Governors of The Hotchkiss School and the board of the East Palo Alto Charter School.Michael RossStrategic PartnerMichael Ross is a Strategic Partner and member of the Investment Committee. In addition, Mr. Ross is the Director of MLR Properties and has partnered with Regis to identify distressed real estate opportunities. Mr. Ross was a founder of Makena Capital Management and was its Chief Investment Officer from its founding until April 2010; serving as Senior Advisor to the firm until April 2012. Makena Capital manages a single pooled private endowment fund with approximately $15 Billion in assets under management. Prior to forming Makena Capital, Mr. Ross was the Chief Investment Officer at the Stanford Management Company which is responsible for Stanford University’s $20 Billion in financial assets. Mr. Ross joined SMC in 2001 becoming Chief Investment Officer in early 2002. Mr. Ross received an B.A. from Princeton University and an M.B.A. from the Stanford Graduate School of Business where he was an Arjay Miller Scholar. Mr. Ross has served as a trustee and Chairman of the Stanford Graduate School of Business Trust and also sits on the Investment Task Force at the Crystal Springs Uplands School. Mr. Ross is on the Board of Advisors of Atrium Capital Corporation and was previously on the Board of Directors of the Capital Guardian Emerging Markets Growth Fund.Michael DarbyPartnerMichael Darby is a Partner and a member of the Investment Committee. Prior to joining Regis in 2007, Mr. Darby has invested in private equity direct and fund investments. He managed a diversified $150M fund for Sterling Stamos, an investment firm with $5B under management. As General Partner for Battery Ventures and Director for Cisco Systems, he returned multiples of invested capital backing technology startups. Mr. Darby previously was a Vice President at the U.S. Investment Fund, an emerging markets private equity firm, and provided strategic advice as part of Booz, Allen & Hamilton. Mr. Darby graduated magna cum laude with an A.B. from Harvard University and received an M.B.A. from the Stanford Graduate School of Business.Stephen DonahuePartnerStephen Donahue is a Partner and a member of the Investment Committee. Prior to joining Regis in 2004, he served as an Analyst at Bay Partners, an early-stage technology venture capital firm, focusing on enterprise and infrastructure software companies. Earlier in his career, he worked in investment banking at Banc of America Securities and at Kana Software. Mr. Donahue earned an A.B. in Economics and History from Dartmouth College. He has earned the Chartered Financial Analyst designation.Steven GoPartner & COOSteven Go is a Partner and Chief Operating Officer of Regis. Mr. Go is responsible for all of the business operations and general day-to-day office activities of the firm including back-office operations, information technology, compliance and other non-investment related activities. Prior to joining Regis in 2010, for three years Mr. Go was the Chief Financial Officer of Black Ship Capital Management, LP, a start-up hedge fund manager and before that, Chief Administrative Officer of Seneca Capital Management, LP where he was responsible for all back-office activities as well as information technology. Mr. Go earned a B.A. in Economics from the University of California, Berkeley and received his M.B.A. from the Stern School of Business at New York University.Matthew KrenskyPartnerMatthew Krensky is a Partner and a member of the Investment Committee. Prior to joining Regis in 2011, Mr. Krensky was responsible for constructing and implementing investment portfolio, wealth and estate planning strategies for ultra high net worth families, foundations and endowments at JPMorgan Private Bank. Mr. Krensky earned an A.B. in Economics from Stanford University.Kristof NeukermansPartnerKristof Neukermans is a Partner and a member of the Investment Committee. Prior to Regis in 2006, he conducted healthcare economics research at Stanford University and Cornell University and has published articles in several journals including the New England Journal of Medicine and Emerging Infectious Diseases. Earlier he worked in engineering and prototyping at Xros, a telecommunications company acquired by Nortel. Mr. Neukermans earned a BA in molecular biology from Princeton University and received an MBA from the Stanford Graduate School of Business.















PHONE(650) 838-1030Locations300 Hamilton Avenue, Suite 400Palo Alto, CA 94301 455 Market Street, Suite 1690San Francisco, CA 94105  





Name *
Name


                  First Name



                  Last Name



Email Address *



Subject *



Message *






Thank you for your message.




 























REGIS MANAGEMENT CO Irvine CA, 92612 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Holding and other Investment Offices
Regis Management CO
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Regis Management CO



18802 Bardeen Ave

Irvine,
							
							
							 CA
							
							
							 92612-1521
							
							 |  view map


(949) 756-5959

www.regisllc.com


						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

REGIS MANAGEMENT CO is in the Investors, N.E.C. industry in Irvine, CA.  This company currently has approximately 20 to 50 employees  and  annual sales of $1,000,000 to $4,999,999.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Branch
					

Industry:
						Investors, N.E.C.
					

Ownership: Private
						
					

Year Founded:
						2003
					

Sales Range:
						$1,000,000 to $4,999,999
					

Employees:
						20 to 50


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

Southern Cleaning Service Inc


Hammer & CO


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


Ideal Construction CO


Barnes & Noble


Coats Electric CO Inc


Walbro


University of Alaska Fairbanks


RAM Enterprises Inc


Montgomery Marine Repair








Community Payment Ratings

Average:



✪
✪
✪
✪
✪


								5.0
							


							( Based on
							
							1
							Rating
							
							)
						












								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
								
								(
								1
								review)
								
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Regis Management CO
Rate Regis Management CO on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Regis Management CO
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VORA SHAILESH C MD
VUDEN INC
W & B TRUCKING INC
VOGUE
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VOLTAIRE
VOGT JAMES B MD
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

POWERHOUSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY INC
AIR CONDITIONING SEC
SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION
CROSS COUNTY BANCSHARES INC
L & L MACHINE TOOL
JL LOPER CONSTRUCTION
WESTERN SUN SHUTTLE INC
ADVENT I LLC
GOODY 2 SHOES
CONTORNO INC

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

AZURADISC
STINGER WELDING INC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
PANALPINA INC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  



















Regis Management Company LLC






























































Research Hub




Sign In











Sign In


New Account



About Macroaxis


Settings


Plans & Pricing



 Toggle Menu


 Toggle Fullscreen







   Markets




Equities




Portfolios




Stories






×











 My Equities
Investing Ideas

Free Tools

World Markets Map
Cryptocurrency Center
Equity Research
Company Directory
Insider Directory
Buy or Sell Recommendation
Pair Correlation
Stocks Correlation
Pattern Recognition
Watchlist Analysis



 Services

Technology Overview
Solution Methodology
Acknowledgement
Product Tour
FAQs



 About Us

About Macroaxis
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Advertising



Sign In   DOW   21,797  0.39% Cathay FinancialBanco deIta CorpBancaDiscoRaymond QuirkFrank WilleyWilliam Foley






World
US















Regis Management Company  LLC

  
		


 
		




Companies in United States
Insiders
Advisers
Ideas
Correlations
Volatility
News
Funds
ETFs
Crypto










	Upgrade to remove ads 





User TypeAdvisorEntity NameRegis Management Company  LLCSEC Registration # Minimum Invetsment Required0.0Assets Under Managment$ 560 M Contact Details LocationPalo Alto, CaliforniaAddress Postal Code CountryUnited StatesPhone Fax Web Sitehttp://www.regisllc.com




Sign In
	
				 to check out Regis-Management-Company-LLC and other financial advisors in the area. 							
		
				 As a registered user you will also get following benefit from Macroaxis membership: 							
					
				





							
								 Best Portfolio Management and Performance Monitoring Solution on Internet.
								









								 Easy to use Portfolio Optimization Tools which money managers have used for years.
								









								 Know your risk and identify high risk, low return stocks in your portfolio.
								







Get Started With Macroaxis




You May Also Consider Name Location  Net Rating  Whitman Capital  LLC Palo Alto CA 0 Connective Capital Management  LLC Palo Alto CA 0 Regis Management Company  LLC Palo Alto CA 0 Palo Alto Investors  LLC Palo Alto CA 0 Kulas  Charles John Palo Alto CA 0 Joe Feshbach Partners  LLC Palo Alto CA 0 Encinal Capital Group  LLC Palo Alto CA 0 Akj Asset Management Palo Alto CA 0 Kelmoore Investment Co Inc Palo Alto CA 0 Lasecke Weil Wealth Advisory Group  Palo Alto CA 0


Financial advisors use their knowledge of investments, 
tax laws, and insurance to recommend financial options to individuals.
The SEC typically regulates investment advisers that have assets under management in excess of $25,000,000. Investment advisers that do not meet this threshold generally are regulated by the states. The SEC registers IA firms but does not separately register individual representatives of IA firms. The states register IA firms, and many separately register individual investment adviser representatives.

Currently, you can only search for IA firms on this website. In the future, this website also will provide the ability to search for individual investment adviser representatives.

In 1996 Congress amended the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 to require that the SEC establish a readily accessible electronic process to respond to public inquiries about investment advisers and their disciplinary information. The SEC created this website to satisfy Congress? mandate. 


		Refer to the following references to for additional information before selecting your Financial Advisor
			
IARD    Investment Adviser Registration Depository
Investment Adviser Search    Search for an Investment Adviser Firm
U.S. Department of Labor: Financial Advisors    Bureau of Labor Statistics: Financial Advisors
FINRA    Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
AAFM    American Academy of Financial Management
CFP    Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards
FPA    Financial Planning Association









OpportunitiesExplore Investment OpportunitiesBuild portfolios using Macroaxis predefined set of investing ideas. Many of Macroaxis investing ideas can easily outperform a given market. Ideas can also be optimized per your risk profile before portfolio origination is invoked. Explore Investing Ideas  Fix All your PortfoliosBy capturing your risk tolerance and investment horizon Macroaxis technology of instant portfolio optimization will compute exactly how much risk is acceptable for your desired return expectationsFix your portfolios for free








Updating Transaction...
	






	Report was successfully generated
	



































































































			© 2017 Macroaxis LLC All rights reserved  
		








Insiders
Companies
Contact Us
Feedback
Widgets










































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











REGIS MANAGEMENT LLC Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    REGIS MANAGEMENT LLC











Company number L13000157797
        

Status Active
        

FEI number


Company Type Florida Limited Liability
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 11/8/2013
        

Principal Address
            200 WEST CYPRESS CREEK ROAD, SUITE 220, FORT LAUDERDALE, 33309
            


Mailing Address 200 WEST CYPRESS CREEK ROAD, SUITE 220, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL, 33309
        
REGIS MANAGEMENT LLC Principals

Manager
                Marzano Patrick
                 


Address
                200 WEST CYPRESS CREEK ROAD, SUITE 220, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL, 33309
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name MARZANO             PATRICK (p)
        

Agent Address
                200 WEST CYPRESS CREEK ROAD, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL, 33309
                

REGIS MANAGEMENT LLC Events

1 ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT
            

filedDate 9/23/2016
            

Description
REGIS MANAGEMENT LLC has been set up 11/8/2013 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Active. The REGIS MANAGEMENT LLC principal adress is 200 WEST CYPRESS CREEK ROAD, SUITE 220, FORT LAUDERDALE, 33309. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 200 WEST CYPRESS CREEK ROAD, SUITE 220, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL, 33309. 
The company`s registered agent is MARZANO             PATRICK 200 WEST CYPRESS CREEK ROAD, FORT LAUDERDALE, FL, 33309.  
The company`s management are Manager - Marzano Patrick. The last significant event in the company history is ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT which is dated by 9/23/2016. This decision is take in action on unknown. 






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
REGIS MANOR, INC.
REGIS MEDICAL CENTER, INC.
REGIS MEDICAL GROUP, INC.
REGIS MEDICAL SYSTEMS CORPORATION
REGIS MOBILE PET GROOMING
REGIS O'DONNELL, INC.
















Michael Ross - Strategic Partner at Regis Management Co. LLC



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Michael Ross
Strategic Partner at Regis Management Co. LLC



Overview
Relationships Paths
Career History Boards & Committees 


Michael Ross
Strategic Partner at Regis Management Co. LLC



 Overview



Board Seats



1





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 9 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




John Freidenrich

Co-Founder at Regis Management Co. LLC




Peter Berry Gifford

Co-Founder at Regis Management Co. LLC





Robert Francis Burlinson

Co-Founder at Regis Management Co. LLC




Stephen Chancellor Donahue

Partner at Regis Management Co. LLC





Kristof Neukermans

Partner at Regis Management Co. LLC




Michael Darby

Partner at Regis Management Co. LLC





Matthew Adams Krensky

Partner at Regis Management Co. LLC




Steven Scott Go

Chief Operating Officer at Regis Management Co. LLC





Robert Dye

Former Portfolio Manager at Regis Management Co. LLC






 Paths to Michael Ross



            Michael Ross          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Michael Ross






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Michael Ross.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Career History



Strategic Partner

                                    Current                


Regis Management Co. LLC


                  Regis Management Co. employs a global, diversified asset allocation investment model. The firm's investment approach is based on their belief that superior risk-adjusted returns can be achieved by the proper combination of strategic asset allocation, portfolio management, and security selection. This strategy relies on top-down macroeconomic analysis, as well as bottom-up fundamental evaluation of asset class valuations, economic growth rates, industry themes and company-specific issues. Regis seeks to overweight asset classes they view as undervalued relative to history, other asset classes and intrinsic value. They seek to underweight asset classes they believe are overvalued relative to those criteria, thus offering low prospective returns. In determining the target asset allocation, Regis begins with the idea that a portfolio primarily comprised of equities produces the highest long-term returns. Regis utilizes a relative valuation framework that shapes their views on prospective asset class risk and return. This model evaluates a variety of macroeconomic and microeconomic factors but is mainly informed by the historic relationship between interest rates, corporate earnings margins and gross domestic product growth. Regis evaluates these data to determine optimal allocation levels given a desired portfolio risk and return objective.^The firm manages the Regis Partners Fund LP, a global asset allocation fund that targets a net total return to investors exceeding their benchmarks of a blended coverage of the MSCI ACWI (All Country World Index) and the Barclays Aggregate Bond Index. The fund seeks to meet this objective by constructing a well diversified portfolio that Regis expects will be uncorrelated to the markets. The firm also manages the Regis Energy Partners III LP, which invests in natural gas leases and related assets, and the Regis India Opportunities Fund II LP, which is invested in a fund that has invested in Indian real estate, however, these funds are no longer offering their interests to investors. In addition, Regis manages a fund that has purchased a portfolio of private equity funds on the secondary market. This fund no longer is offering its interests to investors.^                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Member, Investment Committee

                    Current                  


Regis Management Co. LLC

                    Regis Management Co. employs a global, diversified asset allocation investment model. The firm's investment approach is based on their belief that superior risk-adjusted returns can be achieved by the proper combination of strategic asset allocation, portfolio management, and security selection. This strategy relies on top-down macroeconomic analysis, as well as bottom-up fundamental evaluation of asset class valuations, economic growth rates, industry themes and company-specific issues. Regis seeks to overweight asset classes they view as undervalued relative to history, other asset classes and intrinsic value. They seek to underweight asset classes they believe are overvalued relative to those criteria, thus offering low prospective returns. In determining the target asset allocation, Regis begins with the idea that a portfolio primarily comprised of equities produces the highest long-term returns. Regis utilizes a relative valuation framework that shapes their views on prospective asset class risk and return. This model evaluates a variety of macroeconomic and microeconomic factors but is mainly informed by the historic relationship between interest rates, corporate earnings margins and gross domestic product growth. Regis evaluates these data to determine optimal allocation levels given a desired portfolio risk and return objective.^The firm manages the Regis Partners Fund LP, a global asset allocation fund that targets a net total return to investors exceeding their benchmarks of a blended coverage of the MSCI ACWI (All Country World Index) and the Barclays Aggregate Bond Index. The fund seeks to meet this objective by constructing a well diversified portfolio that Regis expects will be uncorrelated to the markets. The firm also manages the Regis Energy Partners III LP, which invests in natural gas leases and related assets, and the Regis India Opportunities Fund II LP, which is invested in a fund that has invested in Indian real estate, however, these funds are no longer offering their interests to investors. In addition, Regis manages a fund that has purchased a portfolio of private equity funds on the secondary market. This fund no longer is offering its interests to investors.^                  





 Other Affiliations




              Michael Ross is affiliated with
                            Regis Management Co. LLC, Regis Management Co. LLC.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Creating and Managing Mutuals – Regis Mutual Management


























































About usServicesPortfolioCareersContact









Making Mutuals Work

Since 2007, we’ve been successfully setting up, managing and growing mutuals for a wide variety of clients.

Find out more





































Why regis

New Generation Mutuals

Customers have tired of the traditional financial services industry with corporate scandals and poor value products. There is a desire for something better, a more transparent deal that works in the interests of all stakeholders.
A mutual is owned and controlled by its members who have a personal stake in the organisation’s success. A good mutual flourishes on having a shared outlook, a shared interest, a shared loyalty: a sense of belonging to and owning something and a sense of value that is deeper and more long-lasting than a quick-win headline rate. A core principle of mutuality is to fairly re-balance stakeholder interests while still driving financial performance and delivering efficient solutions.
Regis Mutual Management is an international market leader in creating and managing true mutuals – a new generation of mutuals that are based upon the spirit of mutuals in their original form, brought to life by modern, professional and disciplined management skills.


















WHAT WE CAN DO
FOR YOU

We offer a fully integrated and comprehensive service to clients. Our international team is handpicked for their understanding of and passion for mutuality, coupled with the calibre of their technical and professional skills. The outcome is expertise powered by belief in the essence of mutuality.


ExperienceExpertiseKnowledgeInnovation 



Establishing MutualsFinance and AccountsProject Management and ProcessSystems and ServiceProduct DevelopmentTaking the Product to MarketClaimsMutual ManagementBoard meetings and AGMs



Find out more

As Featured on
“With discretion which is part of being a mutual we can do what the (military) family needs on their behalf, they own it, they run it, we do it for them.”
“Unimutual, which is managed by Regis, has told the economics committee inquiry into co-operative, mutual and member-owned groups the discretionary mutual model can enable an industry to get commercial insurance at an affordable price”
“Encouraging small-scale farmers to develop mutuals would help increase the levels of aquaculture insurance cover in Asia”










What's on
our mind






The Fire & Rescue Indemnity Company (FRIC),  wins prestigious award 
The Fire & Rescue Indemnity Company (FRIC), have won the highly commended award for Partnership and shortlisted for Product of the Year at the Alarm Risk Awards 2016
More















What our
clients say













The Military Mutual would not exist without Regis: they are outstanding managers, with a track record second to none; but in addition they have unrivalled experience in creating and building new mutuals. I cannot imagine a better partnership.
Sir Sebastian Roberts, The Military Mutual, Chairman





Regis has managed our mutual like it's their own, delivering consistently great service time after time.
Peter Wagg, Chairman of NFRN Mutual





One of the primary reasons that we outsource the management of Unimutual to Regis is their ability to attract and retain high quality staff.
Martin Griffith, Chairman of the Unimutual board





It is very clear to me that Regis have been outstanding as managers for our Activities Industry Mutual and have made the process an enjoyable journey for the members and directors.
Andrew Gardiner, Chairman of AIM












With us it's mutual...
Meet the Regis Board - dedicated to looking after your interests...
Paul KoronkaPaul AmesGerald EwingCiaran O'DonnellPeter WaggShaun TarbuckIan Campbell

MORE INFO






LondonSydneyTunbridge WellsPortsmouthREGIS LOCATIONS & CONTACTS







ABOUT US:
What we do   |   A Mutual Future   |   Meet the Board
SERVICES   |   PORTFOLIO   |   BLOG   |   

CAREERS:
Working at Regis   |   Staff Profiles
   |   Current Vacancies
CONTACT US











Registered office: 7 Maltings Place, 169 Tower Bridge Road, London SE1 3JB, United Kingdom.
In the UK, Regis Mutual Management Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England and Wales No. 04194000. FCA No. 479202.
In Australia, Regis Mutual Management Pty Ltd holds an Australian Financial Services Licence issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. ABN: 71 130 820 727. AFS Licence No: 338156.
© 2017 Regis Mutual Management Limited   |   
Privacy Policy & Terms of Service

















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started
















































REGIS MANAGEMENT CO LLC Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com






























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






REGIS MANAGEMENT CO LLC






300 HAMILTON AVENUE, PALO ALTO,  California, 94301, (650) 838-1030


Report Date: 03/31/2017

Position Statistics


Total Positions
91


New Positions
6


Increased Positions
39


Decreased Positions
18


Positions with Activity
57


Sold Out Positions
3


Total Mkt Value (in $ millions)
625



Institutional Holdings information is filed by major institutions on form 13-F with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Sector Weighting



Energy
0.67%


Basic Materials
0.33%


Industrials
0.04%


Consumer Cyclicals
0.27%


Consumer Non-Cyclicals
0.3%


Financials
90.48%


Healthcare
1.38%


Technology
3.01%


Telecommunication Services
0.15%


Utilities










Total Positions




New




Increased




Decreased




Activity




Sold Out






91 Positions as of 03/31/2017


Company

Class

Value of Shares ($1,000s) ▼

Change in Value ($1,000s)

Change (%)

Shares Held



VANGUARD INDEX FDS
TOTAL STK MKT
128,386
9,178
7.70
1,010,355


VANGUARD TAX MANAGED INTL FD
FTSE DEV MKT ETF
87,462
8,840
11.24
2,063,759


VANGUARD INTL EQUITY INDEX FD
FTSE EMR MKT ETF
73,700
2,243
3.14
1,722,764


ISHARES TR
MSCI EAFE ETF
38,268

(0)
573,556


SELECT SECTOR SPDR TR
ENERGY
36,862
2,674
7.82
553,906


PIMCO ETF TR
ACTIVE BD ETF
29,716
4,181
16.37
279,524


ISHARES TR
U.S. REAL ES ETF
17,303

New
214,046


ISHARES TR
20 YR TR BD ETF
16,959
2,761
19.45
137,701


VANGUARD INDEX FDS
REIT ETF
14,660
2,219
17.83
173,741


VANGUARD WORLD FDS
ENERGY ETF
14,647
352
2.46
161,241


ISHARES TR
CORE MSCI EAFE
13,950
-2
(0.01)
223,634


ISHARES TR
CORE US AGGBD ET
10,974
586
5.64
100,238


ISHARES TR
MSCI ACWI ETF
10,742
-569
(5.03)
159,682


SCHWAB STRATEGIC TR
US BRD MKT ETF
9,140

New
152,970


ISHARES INC
CORE MSCI EMKT
8,398
-88
(1.04)
159,209


VANGUARD BD INDEX FD INC
TOTAL BND MRKT
6,860
735
11.99
83,816


ISHARES TR
NATIONAL MUN ETF
6,395
2,250
54.29
57,715


VANGUARD SCOTTSDALE FDS
LONG-TERM GOV
5,852
-76
(1.28)
76,985


GUIDEWIRE SOFTWARE INC
COM
5,637
-263
(4.46)
78,757


ISHARES TR
RUSSELL 3000 ETF
5,262

New
35,933




<< first< previous12345next >last >>








Latest News Headlines




                            Actinium Announces Pricing of Public Offering of Common Stock and Warrants to Purchase Common Stock
                        



	                     9:10AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            CGG : Availability of the interim financial report for the period ending June 30, 2017
                        



	                     9:04AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Pool Corporation Announces Officer Appointment and Declares Quarterly Cash Dividend
                        



	                     9:03AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Banco Santander Chile Announces Second Quarter 2017 Earnings
                        



	                     9:02AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            US STOCKS-Wall St set to open lower as Amazon weighs on tech stocks
                        



	                     9:02AM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX


































