

Regional Brands Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:19 AM ET
Trading Companies and Distributors

Company Overview of Regional Brands Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Regional Brands Inc., through its subsidiaries, sells and distributes windows, doors, and related hardware for use in commercial and residential buildings in the United States. The company offers commercial windows, including high-performance architectural aluminum, clad wood, fiberglass, vinyl, and steel windows; and curtainwall, storefront, and entrance products, as well as replacement and historical renovation, design development, budget, detailing, mock-ups, and installation services. It also distributes and installs commercial doors, frames, and hardware, such as custom hollow metal door and frame welding and fabrication; commercial and institutional hardware; specialty overhead and rol...
Regional Brands Inc., through its subsidiaries, sells and distributes windows, doors, and related hardware for use in commercial and residential buildings in the United States. The company offers commercial windows, including high-performance architectural aluminum, clad wood, fiberglass, vinyl, and steel windows; and curtainwall, storefront, and entrance products, as well as replacement and historical renovation, design development, budget, detailing, mock-ups, and installation services. It also distributes and installs commercial doors, frames, and hardware, such as custom hollow metal door and frame welding and fabrication; commercial and institutional hardware; specialty overhead and rolling doors; and commercial solid core wood doors, as well as field service and installed sale, and budget and specification consulting services. The company’s specialty products and services include operable partitions, movable glass walls, and accordion doors; vertically folding operable walls; custom designed vertical and horizontal doors; smoke containment alternatives to elevator vestibules; fire and smoke containment systems; gymnasium equipment; and safety device for gym partitions, as well as inspection and preventative maintenance services. Further, it provides new construction, installation, and replacement windows and doors for homes. The company was formerly known as 4net Software, Inc. and changed its name to Regional Brands Inc. in May 2016. Regional Brands Inc. was founded in 1986 and is based in Cleveland, Ohio.
Detailed Description


6060 Parkland BoulevardCleveland, OH 44124United StatesFounded in 19861 Employees



Phone: 216-825-4000

www.regionalbrandsinc.com







Key Executives for Regional Brands Inc.




Mr. Frederick D. DiSanto


      	Chief Executive Officer and Director
      


Age: 55
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Regional Brands Inc. Key Developments

Regional Brands Inc. Approves Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation
Mar 3 17
On March 2, 2017, Regional Brands Inc. filed a certificate of amendment to the company's Certificate of Incorporation with the Delaware Secretary of State to reduce the number of shares of the company's common stock, par value $0.00001 per share, the company is authorized to issue from 50,000,000 to 3,000,000 shares and to reduce the number of shares of Preferred Stock the company is authorized to issue from 5,000,000 to 50,000 shares. The amendment was approved by the Board of Directors of the company and the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of common Stock by written consent in lieu of a meeting.


Regional Brands Inc. Approves Change in the Company's Fiscal Year-End
Dec 20 16
On December 20, 2016, the Board of Directors of Regional Brands Inc. has approved a change in the company's fiscal year-end, moving from September 30 to December 31 of each year.


B.R. Johnson, Inc. Announces Change of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
Nov 8 16
On November 1, 2016, Regional Brands, Inc. dismissed Anton and Chia, LLP, as independent registered public accounting firm, which was recommended and approved by Board on November 1, 2016. Freed Maxick continue to work with business, and therefore retained Freed Maxick as new independent registered public accounting firm effective November 1, 2016.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 195 Lumber Company United States 2 J Supply, Inc. United States 21st Century Equipment, LLC United States 31-W Insulation Co., Inc. United States 3D Mechanical/Service Co., Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      November 2, 2016
			    
B.R. Johnson, Inc.



Private Placement

			      November 1, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Regional Brands Inc., please visit www.regionalbrandsinc.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























Regional Brands Inc: OTCMKTS:RGBD quotes & news - Google FinanceCookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookiesLearn moreGot itMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayNewsGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreShoppingWalletFinanceDocsBooksBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsSearch FinanceAdobe Flash Player is required for interactive charts. AllowFinanceRegional Brands Inc(OTCMKTS:RGBD)Add to portfolioCompanySummaryNewsRelated companiesHistorical pricesFinancialsMarketsNewsPortfoliosStock screenerGoogle Domestic TrendsRecent Quotes (30 days)You have no recent quoteschg | %




Regional Brands Inc  (Public, OTCMKTS:RGBD)  
Watch this stock
 




















15.00


0.00
(0.00%)





Jun 27 - Close


OTCMKTS
data delayed by 15 mins -
Disclaimer

Currency in USD







Range

    -



52 week

13.00 - 25.00



Open

    -



Vol / Avg.

0.00/8.00



Mkt cap

19.12M



P/E

    -



Div/yield

    -



EPS

-0.92



Shares

1.27M



Beta

-0.64



Inst. own

31%
































News





Relevance



Date











All news for Regional Brands Inc »

Subscribe






Advertisement


Key stats and ratios




Q1 (Mar '17)
2016


Net profit margin
-3.75%
-

Operating margin
-2.68%
-

EBITD margin
-
-

Return on average assets
-5.51%
-

Return on average equity
-7.79%
-

Employees
1
-

CDP Score
-

-



More ratios from Thomson Reuters »

Address
6060 Parkland Blvd Ste 200CLEVELAND, OH 44124-4226United States
- Map+1-216-8254000 (Phone)+1-216-8254001 (Fax)

Website links


http://www.regionalbrandsinc.com/

















Settings |
Technicals |



Link to this view





Sources include SIX.




















Advertisement







Related companies





Show:


Most Recent Quarter


Most Recent Annual




Add or remove columns
Save changes
Cancel









More from FactSet »










Description




Regional Brands Inc., formerly 4net Software, Inc., is a holding company, which is formed to acquire ownership in regional companies. The Company's products and services include commercial windows, commercial doors and hardware, commercial specialty products, and residential windows and door. B.R. Johnson, LLC (BRJ LLC) is a subsidiary of the Company. BRJ LLC owns interests in BRJ Inc., which is a seller and distributor of windows, doors and related hardware, as well as specialty products for use in commercial and residential buildings (the Business). The Company's product categories include commercial doors and hardware; commercial windows; specialty division, consisting of operable partitions, movable glass walls, fire and smoke containment systems and gymnasium equipment; residential windows; residential hardware, and aftermarket door sales.


More from Reuters »








Officers and directors





Carl J. Grassi

Chairman of the Board





Age: 57

Fredrick David DiSanto

Chief Executive Officer, Director





Age: 54

Jeff Anderson

Secretary, Director





Age: 46

Brian R. Hopkins

Director





Age: 40



Full list on Reuters »








Google Finance Beta available in: Hong Kong - Canada - U.S. - China - U.K.Information is provided "as is" and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and may be delayed.To see all exchange delays, please  see disclaimer.©2017 Google - Google Home - Blog - Help - Report a Problem - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service




Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




9:19 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:18aGet ready for the less-profitable Amazon that you used to know 
9:18a‘Skinny’ repeal of Obamacare fails to pass in late-night Senate vote
9:17aGold turns higher as dollar holds loss after GDP report shows as-expected rebound
9:14aScaramucci provides a shocking Bannon comparison that defies anatomy
9:13aStock futures trim losses after GDP data; tech shares weight on Nasdaq 
9:12aMattel stock price target cut to $22 from $24 at D.A. Davidson
9:11aStarbucks stock price target cut to $67 from $70 at Instinet
9:11aMasterCard stock price target raised to $153 from $134 at Instinet
9:11aCan Snap fall even more as lockups expire?
9:10aA high-powered Florida couple announces their ‘Trump Divorce’
9:10aVerizon stock price target raised to $47 from $46 at Instinet
9:10aAmazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift
9:09aKLA-Tencor stock price target raised to $100 from $95 at Instinet
9:09aU.S. GDP speeds up to 2.6% in 2nd quarter 
9:08aHot Pie from ‘Game of Thrones’ is selling direwolf bread in real life
9:08aEllie Mae's stock set for record selloff after results disappoints, outlook slashed
9:00aStock market set to extend fresh tech rout as Amazon disappoints; GDP data ahead
8:54aAtlantic Media selling ownership stake to organization run by Laurene Powell Jobs
8:50aRetail investors wait this long to dive into IPOs
8:44aMerck expects June cyberattack to affect company's 2017 financial performance
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
















































Regional Brands Inc. 10-K Dec 29 2016 | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Regional Brands Inc. (RGBD)FORM 10-K | Annual ReportDec 29 2016|About: Regional Brands Inc. (RGBD)View as PDF

 Regional Brands Inc. (Form: 10-K, Received: 12/29/2016 15:22:37) 









	 



	UNITED STATES



	 



	SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION




	Washington, D.C. 20549



	 



	Form 10-K



	 




	x




	  Annual
	Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities





	Exchange Act of 1934



	 



	For the fiscal year ended September 30,
	2016



	 



	or



	 




	¨




	  Transitional
	Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the





	Securities Exchange Act of 1934



	 


	For the transition period from __________
	to ___________


	 


	Commission File Number: 33-131110-NY


	 



	Regional Brands Inc.



	(Exact name of Registrant as specified in
	its charter)


	 






	Delaware






	22-1895668







	(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)




	(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)





	 






	6060 Parkland Boulevard




	Cleveland, Ohio






	44124







	(Address of principal executive offices)




	(Zip code)





	 




	(216) 825-4000




	(Registrant’s telephone number, including
	area code)


	 



	Securities registered pursuant to Section
	12(b) of the Act: None



	 



	Securities registered pursuant to Section
	12(g) of the Act: None



	 


	Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
	issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act



	Yes


	¨


	  No


	x





	 


	Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to
	file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act.



	Yes


	x


	  No


	¨





	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:  (1) has
	filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
	(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
	for the past 90 days.



	Yes


	¨


	  No


	x



	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
	electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Date File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
	to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
	and post such files)



	Yes


	¨


	  No


	x





	 


	Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant
	to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge,
	in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
	Form 10-K. ☒


	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
	filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated
	filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.


	 



	Large
	Accelerated Filer  


	¨


	     Accelerated
	Filer  


	¨


	     Non-Accelerated
	Filer  


	¨


	     Smaller
	Reporting Company  


	x



	 



	Indicate
	by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).Yes


	¨


	  No


	x



	 


	The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common
	equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and
	asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal
	quarter, was $158,164.


	 


	The number of shares outstanding of the registrant’s
	Common Stock, $0.00001 par value per share, was 1,274,598 as of December 14, 2016.


	 




	 





	 




	 



	Regional Brands Inc.



	 



	Table of Contents



	 





	ITEM 1.





	BUSINESS





	3






	ITEM 1A.





	RISK FACTORS




	8





	ITEM 1B.





	UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS





	13






	ITEM 2.





	PROPERTIES





	13






	ITEM 3.





	LEGAL PROCEEDINGS





	13






	ITEM 4.





	MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES





	14





	 


	 


	 





	ITEM 5.





	MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED  STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES





	14






	ITEM 6.





	SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA





	16






	ITEM 7.





	MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL  CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS





	16






	ITEM 7A.





	QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK





	20






	ITEM 8.





	FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA





	20






	ITEM 9.





	CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON  ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE





	20






	ITEM 9A.





	CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES





	20






	ITEM 9B.





	OTHER INFORMATION





	21





	 


	 


	 





	ITEM 10.





	DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE





	22






	ITEM 11.





	EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION





	24






	ITEM 12.





	SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND  MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS





	27






	ITEM 13.





	CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND  DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE





	28






	ITEM 14.





	PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES





	29





	 


	 


	 




	 



	PART IV



	 




	 


	 


	 





	ITEM 15.





	EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES





	30





	 




	SIGNATURES





	33





	 






	 



	2



	 







	 





	 




	PART I



	 









	ITEM 1 - BUSINESS



	 


	Regional Brands Inc. (formerly 4net Software,
	Inc.) (“Regional Brands”, the “Company”, “we” “our” and “us”) was incorporated
	under the laws of the State of Delaware in 1986.and subsequently became a holding company. In April 2016, in connection with
	a change in control of the Company, we changed our name to Regional Brands Inc. Our corporate office is located at 6060 Parkland
	Boulevard, Cleveland, Ohio 44124 and our telephone number is (216) 825-4000. Our corporate website address is



	http://www.regionalbrandsinc.com.

	Information contained on our website is not a part of this annual report.


	 


	Regional Brands Inc. is a holding company formed to acquire
	substantial ownership in regional companies with strong brand recognition, stable revenues and profitability. Regional Brands has
	been pursuing a business strategy whereby it was seeking to engage in an acquisition, merger or other business combination transaction
	with undervalued businesses (each, a “Target Company”) with a history of operating revenues in markets that provide
	opportunities for growth. After the acquisition of the business of B.R. Johnson, Inc. (“BRJ Inc.”) by our majority-owned
	subsidiary, B.R. Johnson, LLC (“BRJ LLC”), we are currently focused on considering opportunities for growth of BRJ
	LLC through utilizing its balance sheet to provide capital for additional acquisitions of companies that would be complementary
	to BRJ LLC. Additionally, we may seek to acquire Target Companies that satisfy the following criteria: (1) established businesses
	with viable services or products; (2) an experienced and qualified management team; (3) opportunities for growth and/or expansion
	into other markets; (4) are accretive to earnings; (5) offer the opportunity to achieve and/or enhance profitability; and (6) increase
	shareholder value.


	 



	Forward Looking Information



	 


	This report contains statements about future
	events and expectations that are characterized as “forward-looking statements.”  Forward-looking statements
	are based upon management’s beliefs, assumptions, and expectations.  Forward-looking statements involve risks and
	uncertainties that may cause our actual results, performance, and financial condition to be materially different from the expectations
	of future results, performance, and financial condition we express or imply in such forward-looking statements.  You
	are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.  We disclaim any intent or obligation to update
	any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.


	 



	Description of Acquisition



	 


	On November 1, 2016, our majority-owned subsidiary, BRJ LLC,
	acquired substantially all of the assets (the “Acquisition”) of BRJ Inc., a seller and distributor of windows, doors
	and related hardware as well as specialty products for use in commercial and residential buildings (the “Business”).


	 


	The Acquisition was consummated pursuant to
	an Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2016 (the “APA”). Total consideration for the Acquisition is approximately
	$15.4 million (subject to customary working capital adjustments), including delivery by BRJ LLC of a promissory note for $2,500,000
	to BRJ Inc. (the “Note”), which is subordinate to the Debt Agreements (as defined below). We provided $10.95 million
	in debt and equity financing to complete the Acquisition, including $7.14 million of the Subordinated Loan (as defined below) and
	$3.81 million in preferred equity of BRJ LLC.


	 


	Concurrently with the closing of the Acquisition,
	BRJ LLC entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility to borrow up to $6,000,000 (the “Credit Facility”)
	pursuant to that certain Credit and Security Agreement, dated November 1, 2016 (the “Credit Agreement”), with the lenders
	named therein and KeyBank, N.A. as agent for such lenders. BRJ LLC also entered into that certain Loan and Security Agreement,
	dated November 1, 2016 (the “Loan Agreement and, together with the Credit Facility, the “Debt Agreements”), pursuant
	to which it received a $7,500,000 loan that is subordinate to the Credit Facility (the “Subordinated Loan”). To finance
	the Acquisition and potential future acquisitions, we issued 894,393 shares of our common stock for aggregate proceeds to us of
	$12,074,306 in a private placement (the “Private Placement”) with 93 accredited investors, pursuant to the terms
	of a Subscription Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2016 (the “Subscription Agreement”). The foregoing transactions
	are collectively hereinafter referred to as the “Transactions”.


	 






	 



	3



	 







	 




	 


	Following the Acquisition, all of operations
	of the Business will be conducted through our majority-owned subsidiary BRJ LLC. We hold 76.17% of the common membership interests
	and 95.22% of the preferred membership interests of BRJ LLC pursuant to the B.R. Johnson, LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement
	(the “LLC Agreement”) entered into by and among Lorraine Capital, LLC (which owns 20% of the common membership interests),
	Regional Brands Inc. and BRJ Acquisition Partners, LLC (which owns the remaining 3.83% of the common membership interests and 4.78%
	of the preferred membership interests). Lorraine Capital, LLC and BRJ Acquisition Partners, LLC are collectively referred to as
	the “Lorraine Parties”.


	 


	Business Overview


	 


	B.R. Johnson, Inc. was founded by Benjamin
	“Ben” R. Johnson in 1928.  Some of the original products sold by BRJ Inc. were steel windows, rolling self-storing
	screens, kitchen cabinets, and Modernfold operable wall partitions, a product it still distributes principally in Upstate New York
	State market.  Over the course of the following decades, BRJ Inc. added commercial steel doors, hardware, and residential
	and commercial windows.   We believe BRJ Inc. has built a reputation of only distributing products that are the best in their
	respective category. Product categories include:


	 







	·



	Commercial doors and hardware;




	 







	·



	Commercial windows;




	 







	·



	Specialty division; consisting of operable partitions,
	movable glass walls, fire and smoke 	containment systems and gymnasium equipment




	 







	·



	Residential windows;




	 







	·



	Residential hardware; and




	 







	·



	Aftermarket door sales.




	 


	Industry Overview


	 


	According to an industry study published by
	the international business research company, The Freedonia Group, the total United States window and door market (measured by sales
	at the manufacturers’ level) was estimated to be valued at approximately $24.3 billion in sales in 2014.


	 


	In the same study, a rebound in housing completions
	and building construction expenditures is expected to drive approximately 6% growth per year in the industry through 2018. This
	would represent a rebound from the 2009-2014 period, with growth expected to be driven by both residential and non-residential
	building construction activity.


	 


	Regional variations in economic activity influence
	the level of demand for windows and door products across the United States. Of particular importance are regional differences in
	the level of construction and renovation activity. Demographic trends, including population growth and migration, contribute to
	the regional variations through their influence on regional new construction activity.


	 


	Our Growth Strategy


	 


	We target customer groups and emphasize product
	categories where we believe we are well positioned in comparison to our competitors. These include aftermarket door service and
	installation; commercial window customers with demanding installation requirements; and products requiring proprietary know-how
	and installation skills.


	 






	 



	4



	 







	 




	 


	Commercial door and hardware remains a highly
	competitive product category. Our strategy is to defend our market share so that our volume remains at sufficient levels to achieve
	the best pricing from our suppliers, thus enabling us to maintain acceptable profit margins in this segment.


	 


	Currently, we are in principally in the Upstate
	New York State market and we plan to expand our geographic reach through ongoing business development efforts by our Rochester,
	NY sales office.


	 


	Our Products and Services



	 




	Commercial Windows:

	We have a long
	history of building restoration and new construction experience in a wide range of commercial window applications. We utilize multiple
	approaches that take advantage of the wide range of product offerings we have available to us from our extensive roster of suppliers
	and we draw on the experience gained from the diverse types of projects we have successfully performed.


	 


	We operate as a multi-line commercial window
	distributor and installer of high-performance architectural aluminum, clad wood, fiberglass, vinyl and steel windows, as well as
	curtainwall, storefront and entrance products.


	 


	While we specialize in creating commercial
	window solutions for existing buildings and historical renovations, we are also experienced in the requirements of new construction,
	navigating the technical, administrative and schedule demands of that industry segment.


	 


	Our team of salesmen, project managers,
	technical services and installation personnel work closely with our customers to provide an integrated project delivery approach
	that is most appropriate to balance performance, aesthetics, budgetary and schedule needs.


	 


	We offer our commercial window customers:


	 







	·



	Replacement and historical renovation;




	 







	·



	New construction - windows, curtainwall, storefront and entrances;




	 







	·



	Design development;




	 







	·



	Budgets, detailing and mock-ups;




	 







	·



	Installation; and




	 







	·



	Service across New York, including Buffalo, Rochester, Syracuse, Albany, Ithaca and Binghamton.





	 




	Commercial Doors and Hardware:

	We
	are a value added distributor and installer of commercial doors, frames and hardware characterized by a dedicated group of professionals
	with specialized knowledge to respond quickly to customer needs. We have provided the Upstate New York building industry with hollow
	metal steel doors and frames for over 40 years and commercial hardware since the mid-1980’s.


	 


	We provide commercial door and hardware
	customers:


	 







	·



	Custom hollow metal door and frame welding and fabrication;




	 







	·



	The largest commercial solid core wood door inventory in Central New York;




	 







	·



	A large available selection of commercial and institutional hardware;




	 






	 



	5



	 







	 




	 







	·



	Specialty overhead and rolling doors;




	 







	·



	Field service and installed sales;




	 







	·



	Budgets and specification consulting; and




	 







	·



	New construction, installation, replacement and service.





	 




	Commercial Specialty Products

	: We
	distribute, install and service products that require a strong emphasis on architectural promotion. Our sales personnel have been
	trained to know all aspects of each product from layout and design to providing classroom training to architects and building and
	fire code officials to maintain their license in New York State. As a result we are a trusted resource to the entire Upstate New
	York community of architects and building and fire code officials. The products we represent are nationally and internationally
	recognized as industry leaders and sold across the entire Upstate New York region where we have salesmen active in each major market
	from Buffalo to Albany. Our seasoned tradesmen round out our ability to provide installation services, inspections and preventative
	maintenance.


	 


	Specialty products and services include:


	 







	·



	Modernfold - Operable partitions, movable glass walls and accordion doors;




	 







	·



	Skyfold - vertically folding operable walls;




	 







	·



	Renlita Doors - custom designed vertical and horizontal doors;




	 







	·



	Smoke containment alternatives to elevator vestibules;




	 







	·



	Smoke Guard - fire and smoke containment systems;




	 







	·



	Gymnasium equipment;




	 







	·



	Safe-Path (safety device for gym partitions);




	 







	·



	Service; and




	 







	·



	Inspections and preventative maintenance.





	 




	Residential Windows and Door

	: We
	specialize in new construction, installation and replacement windows and doors for homes in Upstate New York. We have been providing
	builders and homeowners in Upstate New York with quality building products since 1928.


	 


	We offer our customers a wide selection
	of products to best meet their requirements from the following manufacturers:


	 







	·



	Andersen Windows, Inc., a part of Andersen Corporation, is the largest window and door manufacturer in North America. The flagship
	Andersen® brand is the most recognized and most used brand in the window and patio door industry.




	 







	·



	Eagle Window & Door, an Andersen Window & Door company, manufactures a complete line of high quality aluminum-clad
	wood windows (also known as Andersen E-series windows) and doors.




	 







	·



	Halfway between Utica and Albany, Kasson & Keller has been manufacturing windows and doors in nearby Fonda, NY since 1954,
	including EcoShield high-efficiency, low-maintenance windows.




	 






	 



	6



	 







	 




	 







	·



	Sierra Pacific Industries, a third-generation, family-owned and operated forest products company based in northern California
	and the state of Washington, which in August 2014 acquired Hurd Windows and Superseal to complement its own Sierra Pacific product
	line.




	 







	·



	Norwood, a division of West-Wood Industries, is a family-owned manufacturer of some of the finest wood windows and doors in
	North America. In addition, Norwood’s Permaglass window line is manufactured from protruded fiberglass for when wood is not
	the most suitable material for a customer’s application.




	 







	·



	Therma-Tru Doors, which first created the fiberglass entry door category 25 years ago with the introduction of the Fiber-Classic®
	wood-grained door. Today, Therma-Tru is the nation’s leading manufacturer of fiberglass and steel exterior door systems,
	and a preferred brand of entry doors by builders and remodelers.




	 


	Sales and Marketing


	 


	As a result of our longstanding and leading
	position in the Upstate New York market, we have developed relationships with owners, architects, and developers and a reputation
	for providing products and services that best suit the customers’ needs, positioning us well in comparison to our competitors.


	 


	Our customer service team responds to opportunities
	with our customers at an early stage and responds to quote opportunities quickly with the best solution for our customers based
	on access to multiple suppliers. We prioritize opportunities based on the competitive advantages we identify, often where customers’
	needs involve a level of complexity.


	 


	We remain one of the few in our business that
	maintains an extensive inventory of commercial door and hardware items. This allows us to react to the smaller negotiated and non-bid
	opportunities quickly with product in stock. With larger projects, we seek to utilize manufacturer service centers to provide fabrication
	when possible to minimize pass-through in our facility.


	 


	Other sales and marketing activities include
	attending industry related trade shows, targeted engagement with social media, and search engine optimization for our website.


	 


	Customers


	 


	Our customers are varied and encompass building
	owners, building tenants (with long term property rights) and contractors who serve them. We have customers who place orders that
	we book and ship, such as in the commercial door and hardware category. These same customers may have large projects from time
	to time such as commercial window projects that take several months (occasionally over a year ) to complete. Commercial customers
	include: owners of educational buildings, K-12 school districts, private schools and public and private colleges and universities;
	owners of multi-family housing, including senior housing, both private and public; other building owners, including retail health
	care and institutional buildings, casinos and hotels; and energy performance contractors. Our residential windows, doors and door
	hardware customers are generally contractors or developers serving this market.


	 


	Strategic Alliances


	 


	We view Lorraine Capital, LLC, and Ancora Advisors, LLC (“Ancora”),
	as strategic sources for identifying opportunities for new business in Western New York and Northeast Ohio. We also believe that
	Lorraine Capital, LLC and Ancora can assist us with sourcing capital to meet our expansion requirements or take advantage of consolidation
	opportunities with competitors through acquisitions. In addition, we have a relationship with a union qualified commercial window
	subcontractor, Airways Door Service, Inc. (“ADSI”), which is advantageous to us in situations that require union installation
	labor. Individuals affiliated with Lorraine Capital, LLC acquired 57% of ADSI’s common stock in connection with the Acquisition.


	 






	 



	7



	 







	 





	 



	Competition


	 


	Our products are sold under highly competitive conditions. Currently,
	we are principally in the Upstate New York State market and we compete with a number of companies, some of which have greater
	financial resources than us. The principal competitive factors in the markets we serve include price, product quality, delivery
	and the ability to customize to customer specifications. We encounter different competitive environments in each of our product
	categories. In some of the product categories, there is a reduction in the number of competitors, in part due to the reduction
	of new entrants to the market. In addition, many of our suppliers find it economical to have a limited number of vendors in any
	geographic area. In the residential market segment, we face intense competition from big-box stores, large independent chains and
	online retailers where we differentiate our products and services with high-end quality products that meet the specialized installation
	requirements of our customers. In addition, certain product manufacturers sell and distribute their products directly to customers
	or enter into exclusive supply arrangements with other distributors



	 




	Suppliers



	 


	We operate as a multi-line product distributor
	and installer across the entire Upstate New York region for nationally and internationally recognized industry leading brands.
	Our ability to offer a wide variety of products to our customers is dependent upon our ability to continue to identify and develop
	relationships with qualified suppliers who can satisfy our high standards for quality and responsible sourcing, as well as our
	need to access products in a timely and efficient manner. Generally, our products are obtainable from various sources and in sufficient
	quantities.


	 


	Employees


	 


	BRJ LLC employed 85 people full-time and 1
	person part-time as of December 14, 2016. Regional Brands has no employees other than its CEO.




	 








	ITEM 1A – RISK FACTORS




	 




	An investment in our common stock involves a high degree
	of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with all of the other information included in this report,
	before making an investment decision. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results
	of operations could suffer. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of
	your investment. You should read the section entitled “Forward-Looking Statements” for a discussion of what types of
	statements are forward-looking statements, as well as the significance of such statements in the context of this report.




	 




	Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry





	 






	There can be no assurance that our future operations will
	result in net income.






	 




	There can be no assurance that our future operations will result
	in net income. Our failure to increase our revenues or maintain or improve our gross margins will harm our business. We may not
	be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis in the future. If our revenues grow more slowly than
	we anticipate, our gross margins decline or our operating expenses exceed our expectations, our operating results will suffer.
	The prices we charge for products and services may decrease, which would reduce our revenues and harm our business. If we are unable
	to sell products at acceptable prices relative to our costs, or if we fail to supply on a timely basis new products and services
	from which we can derive additional revenues, our financial results will suffer.


	 






	 



	8



	 







	 






	 






	Uncertain economic conditions may adversely affect demand
	for our products.






	 




	Our revenue and gross margin depend significantly on general
	economic conditions and the demand for building products in the markets in which we operate. Economic weakness and constrained
	construction and renovation spending has resulted, and may result in the future, in decreased revenue, gross margin, earnings and
	growth rates. All of our revenues and profitability are derived from our clients in New York State, which makes us highly susceptible
	to disruptions or downturns in local economic conditions. Ongoing economic volatility and uncertainty affect our business in a
	number of other ways, including making it more difficult to accurately forecast client demand beyond the short term and effectively
	build our revenue. Uncertainty about future economic conditions makes it difficult for us to forecast operating results and to
	make decisions about future investments. Delays or reductions in building products spending could have a material adverse effect
	on demand for our products and services, and consequently our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and stock
	price.


	 




	We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer
	needs, expectations or trends, which could adversely affect our relationship with customers, our reputation and the demand for
	our products and services.






	 




	The success of our business depends in part on our ability to
	identify and respond promptly to evolving trends in demographics; consumer preferences, expectations and needs; and unexpected
	weather conditions, while also managing appropriate inventory levels and maintaining an excellent customer experience. It is difficult
	to successfully predict the products and services our customers will demand. As the housing and home improvement market continues
	to recover, resulting changes in demand will put further pressure on our ability to meet customer needs and expectations and maintain
	high service levels. Our failure to meet the individual needs and expectations of our customers may result in the erosion of our
	customer base.


	 




	Our industry is highly cyclical, and prolonged periods
	of weak demand or excess supply may reduce our net sales and/or margins, which may cause us to incur losses or reduce our net income.




	 


	The building products distribution industry is subject to cyclical
	market pressures. Prices of building products are determined by overall supply and demand in the market. Market prices of building
	products historically have been volatile and cyclical, and we have limited ability to control the timing and amount of pricing
	changes. Demand for building products is driven mainly by factors outside of our control, such as general economic and political
	conditions, interest rates, availability of financing, the state of the credit markets, high levels of unemployment and foreclosures,
	the construction, repair and remodeling markets, industrial markets, weather, and population growth. The supply of building products
	fluctuates based on available manufacturing capacity, and excess capacity in the industry can result in significant declines in
	market prices for those products. To the extent that prices and volumes experience a sustained or sharp decline, our net sales
	and margins likely would decline as well.


	 


	Additionally, many of the building products which we distribute
	are widely available from other distributors or manufacturers, including big-box stores and online retailers. At times, the purchase
	price for any one or more of the products we distribute may fall below our purchase costs, requiring us to incur short-term losses
	on product sales.


	 


	All of these factors could adversely affect demand for our products
	and services, our costs of doing business and our financial performance.


	 




	Product shortages, loss of key suppliers, and our dependence
	on third-party suppliers and manufacturers could affect our financial health.




	 


	Our ability to offer a wide variety of products to our customers
	is dependent upon our ability to continue to identify and develop relationships with qualified suppliers who can satisfy our high
	standards for quality and responsible sourcing, as well as our need to access products in a timely and efficient manner. Generally,
	our products are obtainable from various sources and in sufficient quantities. However, the loss of, or a substantial decrease
	in the availability of, products from our suppliers or the loss of key supplier arrangements could adversely impact our financial
	condition, operating results, and cash flows.


	 






	 



	9



	 







	 






	 






	Disruptions in our supply chain and other factors affecting
	the distribution of our products could adversely impact our business.






	 




	A disruption within our supply chain network could adversely
	affect our ability to deliver inventory in a timely manner, which could impair our ability to meet customer demand for products
	and result in lost sales, increased costs or damage to our reputation. Such disruptions may result from damage or destruction to
	our warehouse facility; weather-related events; natural disasters; third-party strikes, lock-outs, work stoppages or slowdowns;
	supply or shipping interruptions or costs; or other factors beyond our control. Any such disruption could negatively impact our
	financial performance or financial condition.


	 




	The inflation or deflation of commodity prices could affect
	our prices, demand for our products, our sales and our profit margins.






	 




	Prices of certain commodity products, including lumber and other
	raw materials, are historically volatile and are subject to fluctuations arising from changes in supply and demand, labor costs,
	competition, market speculation, government regulations, periodic delays in delivery and other factors. Rapid and significant changes
	in commodity prices may affect the demand for our products, our sales and our profit margins.


	 




	Our industry is highly competitive. If we are unable to
	compete effectively, our net sales and operating results will be reduced.




	 


	The building products distribution industry is highly competitive,
	particularly in the residential sector. Competitive factors in our industry include pricing, availability of product, level of
	service, delivery capabilities, customer relationships, geographic coverage, and breadth of product offerings. Also, financial
	stability is important to suppliers and customers in choosing distributors for their products, and affects the favorability of
	the terms on which we are able to obtain our products from our suppliers and sell our products to our customers.


	 


	Some of our competitors are part of larger companies, and therefore
	have access to greater financial and other resources than those to which we have access. In addition, certain product manufacturers
	sell and distribute their products directly to customers. We also face growing competition from online and multichannel retailers.
	Additional manufacturers of products distributed by us may elect to sell and distribute directly to end-users in the future or
	enter into exclusive supply arrangements with other distributors. Competitive pressures from one or more of our competitors or
	our inability to adapt effectively and quickly to a changing competitive landscape could affect our prices, our margins or demand
	for our products and services. If we are unable to timely and appropriately respond to these competitive pressures, our net sales
	and net income will be reduced.


	 




	Our business operations could suffer significant losses
	from natural disasters, catastrophes, fire or other unexpected events.




	 


	We operate our business primarily out of a single facility.
	While we maintain insurance, including business interruption insurance, our warehouse facility could be materially damaged by natural
	disasters, fire, adverse weather conditions, or other unexpected events, which could materially disrupt our business. We could
	incur uninsured losses and liabilities arising from such events, including damage to our reputation, and/or suffer material losses
	in operational capacity, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.


	 




	Our cash flows and capital resources may be insufficient
	to make required payments on our substantial indebtedness or to maintain acceptable liquidity.




	 


	We have a substantial amount of debt which could have important
	consequences to you. For example, it could:


	 







	·




	make it difficult for us to satisfy our debt obligations;










	·




	make us more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions;










	·




	limit our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital,
	capital expenditures, acquisitions, and other general corporate requirements;










	·




	expose us to interest rate fluctuations because the interest rate
	on the debt under our revolving credit facility is variable;





	 






	 



	10



	 







	 




	 







	·




	require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows to
	payments on our debt, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flows for operations and other purposes;










	·




	limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in
	our business, and the industry in which we operate; and










	·




	place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors that
	may have proportionately less debt, and therefore may be in a better position to obtain favorable credit terms.





	 


	In addition, our ability to make scheduled payments or refinance
	our obligations depends on our successful financial and operating performance, cash flows, and capital resources, which in turn
	depend upon prevailing economic conditions and certain financial, business, and other factors, many of which are beyond our control.
	These factors include, among others:


	 







	·




	economic
	and demand factors affecting the building products distribution industry;










	·




	external
	factors affecting availability of credit;










	·




	pricing
	pressures;










	·




	increased
	operating costs;










	·




	competitive
	conditions; and










	·




	other
	operating difficulties.





	 


	If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to
	fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell material assets or operations,
	obtain additional capital, or restructure our debt. Obtaining additional capital or restructuring our debt could be accomplished
	in part through new or additional borrowings or placements of debt or equity securities. There is no assurance that we could obtain
	additional capital or refinance our debt on terms acceptable to us, or at all. In the event that we are required to dispose of
	material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations, the value realized on the disposition of such assets
	or operations will depend on market conditions and the availability of buyers. Accordingly, any such sale may not, among other
	things, be for a sufficient dollar amount. We may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. Our incurring additional
	indebtedness would intensify the risks described above.


	 




	The instruments governing our indebtedness restrict our
	ability to dispose of assets and the use of proceeds from any such disposition.




	 


	Our obligations under the Debt Agreements are secured by
	security interests in all of the assets of our operating subsidiary, BRJ LLC, including its inventories, accounts receivable,
	and proceeds from those items. The foregoing encumbrances, as well as covenants in the Debt Agreements, limit our ability to
	dispose of material assets or operations. Accordingly, we may not be able to consummate any disposition of assets or obtain
	the net proceeds which we could realize from such disposition, and these proceeds may not be adequate to meet the debt
	service obligations when due. In the event of our breach of the Debt Agreements, we may be required to repay any outstanding
	amounts earlier than anticipated, and the lenders may foreclose on their security interests in our assets or otherwise
	exercise their remedies with respect to such interests.


	 




	The instruments governing our indebtedness contain various
	covenants limiting the discretion of our management in operating our business, including requiring us to maintain a maximum fixed
	charge coverage ratio.




	 


	Our Debt Agreements contain various restrictive covenants and
	restrictions, including financial covenants that limit management’s discretion in operating our business. In particular,
	these instruments limit our ability to, among other things:


	 







	·




	incur
	additional debt;










	·




	grant
	liens on assets;










	·




	make
	investments, including capital expenditures;










	·




	sell
	or acquire assets outside the ordinary course of business;










	·




	engage
	in transactions with affiliates; and





	 






	 



	11



	 







	 




	 







	·




	make
	fundamental business changes.





	 


	The Credit Facility also requires us to maintain a fixed charge
	coverage ratio of 1.15 to 1.00. If we fail to comply with the restrictions in the Debt Agreements or any other current or future
	financing agreements, a default may allow the creditors under the relevant instruments to accelerate the related debts and to exercise
	their remedies under these agreements, which typically will include the right to declare the principal amount of that debt, together
	with accrued and unpaid interest, and other related amounts, immediately due and payable, to exercise any remedies the creditors
	may have to foreclose on assets that are subject to liens securing that debt, and to terminate any commitments they had made to
	supply further funds. The exercise of any default remedies by our creditors would have a material adverse effect on our ability
	to finance working capital needs and capital expenditures.


	 




	Affiliates of Ancora control a significant portion of
	our outstanding common stock and may have conflicts of interest with other




	stockholders.




	 


	Ancora, a private investment firm, and investment partnerships
	and individuals affiliated with Ancora beneficially owned approximately 34.4% of our outstanding common stock as of December 14,
	2016. As a result, Ancora is able to exert significant influence on the election of our directors, our corporate and management
	policies, and the outcome of most corporate transactions or other matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including
	potential mergers or acquisitions, asset sales, and other significant corporate transactions. This concentrated ownership position
	limits other stockholders’ ability to influence corporate matters and, as a result, we may take actions that some of our
	stockholders may not view as beneficial.


	 


	Three of our four directors and our Chief Executive Officer
	are affiliated with Ancora. The interests of Ancora may not coincide with the interests of other holders of our common stock. Additionally,
	Ancora is in the business of making investments in companies, and may, from time to time, acquire and hold interests in businesses
	that compete directly or indirectly with us. Ancora may also pursue, for its own account, acquisition opportunities that may be
	complementary to our business, and as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. So long as Ancora continues
	to own a significant amount of the outstanding shares of our common stock, it will continue to be able to strongly influence our
	decisions, including potential mergers or acquisitions, asset sales, and other significant corporate transactions.


	 




	We may not have sufficient working capital in the long
	term.






	 




	It is likely we may require additional funds in the long term
	depending upon the growth of our revenues and our business strategy. We can give no assurance that we will be able to obtain sufficient
	debt or equity capital now or in the future to support our operations. Should we be unable to raise sufficient debt or equity capital,
	we could be forced to cease operations.


	 


	These and other factors could affect our business, financial
	condition and results of operations. Also, it is possible that our financial results may be below the expectations of public market
	analysts.


	 


	 



	Risks Related to our Common Stock




	 





	We have not paid dividends in the past and do not expect
	to pay dividends in the future. Any return on investment may be limited to the value of our common stock.






	 




	We have not paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not
	anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on our common stock would depend on our earnings,
	financial condition and other business and economic factors affecting us at such time as our board of directors may consider relevant.
	If we do not pay dividends, our common stock may be less valuable because a return on your investment will only occur if its stock
	price appreciates.


	 




	There is a limited market for our common stock which may
	make it more difficult to dispose of your stock.






	 




	Our common stock is currently quoted on the OTC marketplace.
	There is a limited trading market for our common stock. Accordingly, there can be no assurance as to the liquidity of any markets
	that may develop for our common stock, the ability of holders of our common stock to sell shares of our common stock, or the prices
	at which holders may be able to sell their common stock. Because of its limited trading volume, the price of our common stock may
	experience significant volatility for reasons that may be unrelated to our business or financial performance.


	 






	 



	12



	 







	 






	 






	A sale of a substantial number of shares of our common
	stock may cause the price of the common stock to decline.






	 




	If our stockholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock
	in the public market, the market price of our common stock could fall. These sales also may make it more difficult for us to sell
	equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate.


	 




	Failure to maintain effective internal controls in accordance
	with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and disclosure controls and procedures in accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
	Act could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results and cause stockholders to lose confidence in our
	financial reporting.






	 




	Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
	2002 requires the Company to evaluate the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of the end of each
	year, and to include a management report assessing the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting
	in each Annual Report on Form 10-K.


	 


	We have concluded that our disclosure controls
	and procedures were not effective and that material weaknesses exists in our internal control over financial reporting.  The
	material weaknesses consist of an insufficient complement of qualified accounting personnel and controls associated with segregation
	of duties and ineffective controls associated with identifying and accounting for complex and non-routine transactions in accordance
	with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.  Due to the material weaknesses in internal control over financial
	reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, there may be errors in the Company’s financial statements and in the accompanying
	footnote disclosures that could require restatements. As a result, investors may lose confidence in our reported financial information
	and disclosure, which could negatively impact our stock price.


	 


	We do not expect that our internal control
	over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can
	provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system’s objectives will be met. Further, the design of
	a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative
	to their costs. Controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by
	management override of the controls. Over time, controls may become inadequate because changes in conditions or deterioration in
	the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may occur. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control
	system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.



	 







	ITEM 1B – UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS



	 


	None.



	 







	ITEM 2 - PROPERTIES



	 


	Our principal offices are at 6060 Parkland
	Boulevard, Cleveland, OH 44124. We do not pay for the use of the offices, which are located at the corporate headquarters of Ancora.


	 


	BRJ LLC operates out of a 42,000 square foot
	facility in East Syracuse, NY pursuant to a lease through 2020 with rent payments totaling $276,000 a year. It also has a 2,200
	square foot sales office in Rochester, NY.



	 







	ITEM 3 - LEGAL PROCEEDINGS



	 


	There are currently no pending or threatened
	material legal proceedings against us.


	 






	 



	13



	 








	 




	 







	ITEM 4 – MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES



	 


	Not applicable 




	 





	PART II



	 







	ITEM 5 - MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED
	STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES



	 


	Our common stock is traded on the OTC marketplace
	under the trading symbol “RGBD”. The closing price of our common stock on December 13, 2016 was $16.00.


	 


	The table below sets forth the range
	of quarterly high and low closing bid quotations for our common stock for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
	and give effect to our 1 for 1,000 reverse stock split on July 26, 2016. The quotations below reflect inter-dealer prices,
	without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions:


	 






	 


	 


	Low


	 


	 


	High


	 




	Year ending September 30, 2016


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	First Quarter through December 31


	 


	$


	30.00


	 


	 


	$


	64.00


	 




	Second Quarter through March 31


	 


	$


	20.10


	 


	 


	$


	40.00


	 




	Third Quarter through June 30


	 


	$


	35.00


	 


	 


	$


	80.00


	 




	Fourth Quarter through September  30


	 


	$


	13.00


	 


	 


	$


	75.00


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Year ending September 30, 2015


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	First Quarter through December 31


	 


	$


	30.00


	 


	 


	$


	70.00


	 




	Second Quarter through March 31


	 


	$


	40.00


	 


	 


	$


	50.00


	 




	Third Quarter through June 30


	 


	$


	50.00


	 


	 


	$


	50.00


	 




	Fourth Quarter through September  30


	 


	$


	50.00


	 


	 


	$


	90.00


	 






	 




	Issued and Outstanding Shares



	 


	Our authorized capital consists of 50,000,000
	shares of common stock, par value $0.00001 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share. As of
	December 14, 2016, we had 1,274,598 shares of common stock outstanding and no shares of preferred stock outstanding.


	 


	Holders of Record


	 


	As of December 14, 2016, there were approximately
	220 holders of record of our common stock. This number does not include the number of persons whose shares are in nominee or in
	“street name” accounts through brokers.


	 


	Dividends


	 


	We have not paid any dividends on our common
	stock during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and we do not intend to pay any dividends on our common stock
	in the foreseeable future.



	 







	 



	14



	 







	 





	 




	Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities



	 


	For the purpose of financing the Acquisition
	and potential future acquisitions, on November 1, 2016, we completed a private placement in which we issued 894,393 shares of our
	common stock at a price per share of $13.50 to 93 accredited investors (the “Private Placement”). We received gross
	proceeds from the Private Placement of $12,074,306. No placement agent or other financial intermediary was engaged or compensated
	in connection with the Private Placement. The shares of common stock issued in the Private Placement were exempt from registration
	under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), as a sale by an issuer not
	involving a public offering.



	 




	Share Repurchased by the Registrant



	 


	We did not purchase or repurchase any of our securities in the
	fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.


	 


	Transfer Agent


	 


	The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Standard
	Registrar and Transfer Company, Inc., 440 East 400 South, Suite 200, Salt Lake City, UT 84111.


	 



	Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation
	plans



	 


	On April 8, 2016, we adopted the 2016 Equity
	Incentive Plan (the “Equity Incentive Plan”). The maximum number of shares of our common stock available for issuance
	under the Equity Incentive Plan through the grant of non-qualified stock options is 135,000 shares. The purpose of the Equity Incentive
	Plan is to enable us to attract, motivate and retain key employees and directors and to provide an additional incentive for such
	individuals through stock ownership and other rights that promote and recognize the financial success and growth of our company.


	 


	The following table sets forth information
	as of September 30, 2016 regarding equity compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance.



	 






	Equity Plan Compensation Information



	 




	Plan Category


	 


	Number of securities

	to be issued upon

	exercise of

	outstanding

	options, warrants

	and rights


	 


	 


	Weighted

	average

	exercise price

	of

	outstanding

	options,

	warrants

	and rights


	 


	 


	Number of securities

	remaining available

	for

	future issuance

	under equity

	compensation

	plans (excluding

	securities reflected

	in column (a))


	 




	 


	 


	(a)


	 


	 


	(b)


	 


	 


	(c)


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1)


	 


	 


	42,596


	 


	 


	$


	16.00


	 


	 


	 


	92,404


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total


	 


	 


	42,596


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	92,404


	 





	 



	(1)  Pursuant to our 2016 Equity Incentive Plan




	 







	 



	15



	 








	 





	 








	ITEM 6 – SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA



	 


	This item is not applicable to us as a smaller reporting company.



	 







	ITEM 7 - MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
	CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS



	 


	Management’s Discussion and Analysis
	of Financial Condition and Results of Operations




	 






	FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS




	 


	Certain statements contained herein constitute “forward-looking
	statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the “1995 Reform Act”).   The
	Company desires to avail itself of certain “safe harbor” provisions of the 1995 Reform Act and is therefore including
	this special note to enable it to do so.  Except for the historical information contained herein, this report contains
	forward-looking statements (identified by the words “estimate,” “project,” “anticipate,” “plan,”
	“expect,” “intend,” “believe,” “hope,” “strategy” and similar expressions),
	which are based on our current expectations and speak only as of the date made. These forward-looking statements are subject to
	various risks, uncertainties and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results anticipated in the
	forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those discussed under Part I, Item 1A “Risk Factors”
	in this Annual Report, and those described herein.


	 


	The following discussion and analysis provides information that
	our management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our results of operations and financial condition and
	should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and footnotes that appear elsewhere in this report.


	 



	General



	 


	Regional Brands Inc. (formerly 4net Software, Inc.) (“Regional
	Brands”, the “Company”, “we” “our” and “us”) was incorporated under the laws
	of the State of Delaware in 1986 and subsequently became a holding company. In April 2016, in connection with a change in control
	of the Company, we changed our name to Regional Brands Inc.


	 



	Nature of Business



	 


	Regional Brands Inc. is a holding company
	formed to acquire regional companies with strong brand recognition, stable revenues and profitability. In April 2016, we sold an
	aggregate amount of 370,441 shares of common stock for the aggregate purchase price of $5,000,000 (including the cancellation of
	certain indebtedness) and the transactions resulted in a change of control of the Company. Subsequent to the change in control,
	we have been pursuing a business strategy whereby have been seeking to engage in an acquisition, merger or other business combination
	transaction with undervalued businesses (each, a “Target Company”) with a history of operating revenues in markets
	that provide opportunities for growth. After the acquisition of the business of BRJ Inc. by Regional Brands’ majority-owned
	subsidiary, BRJ LLC, Regional Brands is currently focused on considering opportunities for growth of BRJ LLC through utilizing
	its balance sheet to provide capital for additional acquisitions of companies that would be complementary to BRJ LLC. Additionally,
	Regional Brands may seek to acquire Target Companies that satisfy the following criteria: (1) established businesses with viable
	services or products; (2) an experienced and qualified management team; (3) opportunities for growth and/or expansion into other
	markets; (4) are accretive to earnings; (5) offer the opportunity to achieve and/or enhance profitability; and (6) increase shareholder
	value.


	 


	On November 1, 2016, we acquired a majority
	interest in BRJ LLC by contributing $3,808,696 in exchange for 95.22% of BRJ LLC’s preferred membership interest and 76.17%
	of its common membership interest. In addition, we loaned to BRJ LLC $7,141,304 under a senior subordinated term note which bears
	interest at 6% per annum and has scheduled annual principal payments with the balance due at maturity in five years. The senior
	subordinated term note is secured by substantially all of BRJ LLC’s assets. BRJ LLC’s minority members contributed
	$191,304 for the remaining preferred and common membership interests and loaned to BRJ LLC $358,696 on the same terms as the Regional
	Brands senior subordinated loan pursuant to a participation agreement.


	 






	 



	16



	 







	 




	 


	BRJ LLC, on November 1, 2016, acquired the
	business of BRJ Inc. in an asset purchase transaction in exchange for cash of $12,900,000 and a subordinated note of $2,500,000.
	BRJ LLC will continue to operate the business of BRJ Inc. as a consolidated subsidiary of Regional Brands.


	 


	The acquisition by BRJ LLC of BRJ Inc. is
	being accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting. This results in BRJ LLC allocating the total consideration issued
	in the acquisition to the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date.


	 


	Following the acquisition of BRJ Inc., all of our business operations
	are being conducted through our consolidated subsidiary BRJ LLC


	 



	Results of Operations: For the Years Ended September 30,
	2016 and September 30, 2015



	 



	Revenues:



	We did not generate any revenues during the years ended September
	30, 2016 and 2015.


	 



	General and Administrative Expenses:



	Our general and administrative expenses for the year ended September
	30, 2016 increased by $68,530 to $91,274 compared to the year ended September 30, 2015. The increase was due to higher levels of
	activities subsequent to our change in control in April 2016.


	 



	Other (income) expense



	During the year ended September 30, 2016, our net other income
	was $16,821 compared to net other expense of $17,016 during the comparable period of 2015. The increase in net other income was
	due to dividends income received from our investments and due to reduction of interest expense upon repayment of debt. Investments
	were made with the proceeds from the sale of common stock in April 2016.


	 



	Net loss:



	As a result of the foregoing, the net loss for the year ended
	September 30, 2016 increased by $34,693 to $74,453 compared to a net loss of $39,760 incurred during the year ended September 30,
	2015. During the year ended September 30, 2016, we had an unrealized gain on investments of $763 resulting in comprehensive loss
	of $73,690.



	 






	Liquidity and Capital Resources



	 


	At September 30, 2016, we had working capital
	of $4,712,877 compared to a working capital deficiency of approximately $236,645 at September 30, 2015. The increase in working
	capital is primarily due the proceeds we received from the sale of common stock in April 2016 offset by operating losses for the
	year ended September 30, 2016. During the year ended September 30, 2016, our operating activities used cash of approximately $47,000
	compared to approximately $33,000 used during the year ended September 30, 2015.


	 


	During the year ended September 30, 2016, our operations, after
	adjusting for non-cash items, used approximately $51,000 of cash. Changes in working capital items provided approximately $4,000
	of cash during the year ended September 30, 2016. During the year ended September 30, 2015, our operations used approximately $40,000
	of cash, and working capital items provided approximately $7,000 of cash.


	 


	In the past we had satisfied our working capital needs from
	borrowings from our former president and principal executive officer. We had borrowed $7,600 and $32,900, respectively, during
	the years ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. In April 2016, we issued to our former president and principal executive
	officer 18,522 shares of our common stock in full satisfaction of his loans and accrued interest thereon in the aggregate amount
	of approximately $250,000.


	 


	On April 8, 2016, we entered into and closed a Securities Purchase
	Agreement (the “SPA”) among us and Merlin Partners LP, Ancora Catalyst Fund LP, and Steven N. Bronson (collectively
	the “Purchasers”), whereby we sold to the Purchasers the aggregate amount of 370,441 shares of common stock for the
	aggregate purchase price of $5,000,000 (including the cancellation of all indebtedness that had been loaned to the Company by Mr.
	Bronson to fund operating expenses). In connection with the SPA, we changed our name from 4Net Software, Inc. to Regional Brands
	Inc. The transactions contemplated by the SPA resulted in a change of control of the Company from Steven N. Bronson to Merlin Partners
	LP, which purchased 240,786 shares of common stock for the aggregate purchase price of $3,250,000, and Ancora Catalyst Fund
	LP, which purchased 92,610 shares of common stock for the aggregate purchase price of $1,250,000. Merlin Partners LP and Ancora
	Catalyst Fund LP are affiliates of Ancora. We purchased short-term investment securities for approximately $2,186,000 with proceeds
	from the sale of common stock.


	 






	 



	17



	 







	 




	 


	Subsequent to September 30, 2016, in November 2016, we completed
	a private placement, and issued 894,393 shares of common stock at a price per share of $13.50 and received gross proceeds of approximately
	$12,000,000. In connection with the acquisition of BRJ Inc., we used funds from the private placement to acquire a majority interest
	in BRJ LLC by contributing $3,808,696 in exchange for 95.22% of BRJ LLC’s preferred membership interest and 76.17% of its
	common membership interest and also loaned to BRJ LLC $7,141,304 under a senior subordinated term note.


	 


	In November 2016, BRJ LLC entered into a credit
	agreement with KeyBank, N.A. Under the credit agreement, BRJ LLC may borrow up to an aggregate amount of $6,000,000 (the “Credit
	Facility”) under revolving loans and letters of credit, with a sublimit of $500,000 for letters of credit. The Credit Facility
	is payable upon demand of KeyBank, N.A., or the lenders, or upon acceleration as a result of an event of default. At the closing
	of the Acquisition, $1,500,000 was drawn under the Credit Facility to pay a portion of the purchase price and costs associated
	with the Acquisition, with the balance being available for general working capital of BRJ LLC.


	 


	Interest under the Credit Facility is payable
	monthly, starting on November 30, 2016, and accrues pursuant to the “base rate” of interest, which is equal to the
	highest of (a) KeyBank, N.A.’s prime rate, (b) one-half of one percent (0.50%) in excess of the Federal Funds Effective Rate
	of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, and (c) one hundred (100) basis points in excess of the London Interbank Offered Rate
	for loans in Eurodollars with an interest period of one month, plus any applicable margin. The credit agreement also requires the
	payment of certain fees, including, but not limited to, letter of credit fees.


	 


	The Credit Facility is secured by substantially
	all of BJR LLC’s assets. The Credit Facility contains customary financial and other covenant requirements, including, but
	not limited to, a covenant to not permit BRJ LLC’s consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio to exceed 1.15 to 1.00. The Credit
	Facility also contains customary events of default.


	 


	Under the Loan Agreement, we agreed to loan
	BRJ LLC $7,500,000. We participated $358,696 of the Subordinated Loan to BRJ Acquisition Partners, LLC, an entity owned by individuals
	affiliated with BRJ Inc. and Lorraine Capital, LLC. The Subordinated Loan accrues interest at a rate of 6% per annum, payable quarterly
	on the first day of each calendar quarter. BRJ LLC is required to repay a portion of the principal amount of the Subordinated Loan
	on each anniversary of the execution of the Loan Agreement. The Subordinated Loan matures on November 1, 2021 and is secured by
	substantially all of BJR LLC’s assets. The Subordinated Loan and the security interest created under the Loan Agreement are
	subordinated to the Credit Facility and the security interest of the lenders under the Credit Facility. All of the covenants contained
	in the Credit Agreement are incorporated by reference in the Loan Agreement. The Loan Agreement contains customary events of default,
	including in the case of an event of default under the Credit Facility.


	 


	Based on current plans, management anticipates that the cash
	on hand, the expected cash flows from our majority-owned subsidiary BRJ LLC, and the availability under BRJ LLC’s credit
	agreement will satisfy our capital requirements and fund our operations for the next 12 months.


	 



	Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements



	We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
	that have, or are reasonably likely to have, an effect on our financial condition, financial statements, revenues or expenses.


	 



	Inflation



	Although our operations are influenced by general economic conditions,
	we do not believe that inflation had a material effect on our results of operations during the last two years.


	 






	 



	18



	 







	 




	 



	Critical Accounting Policies



	The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures
	in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make judgments, assumptions
	and estimates that affect the amounts reported in our financial statements and accompanying notes.  The financial statements
	as of September 30, 2016 describe the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the financial statements.  Actual
	results could differ from those estimates and be based on events different from those assumptions.  Future events and
	their effects cannot be predicted with certainty; estimating, therefore, requires the exercise of judgment. Thus, accounting estimates
	change as new events occur, as more experience is acquired or as additional information is obtained.  The following critical
	accounting policies are impacted significantly by judgments, assumptions and estimates used in the preparation of our financial
	statements:


	 




	Fair Value of Financial Instruments


	- Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
	between market participants at the measurement date. The Fair Value Measurement Topic of the FASB ASC establishes a three-tier
	fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted
	quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable
	inputs (Level 3 measurements). These tiers include:


	 




	 



	●




	Level 1, defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets;





	 


	 


	 




	 



	●




	Level 2, defined as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable such as quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets or quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and





	 


	 


	 




	 



	●




	Level 3, defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions, such as valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable.







	 






	Share-Based Payments




	We record our common shares issued based on the value of the
	shares issued or consideration received, including cash, services rendered or other non-monetary assets, whichever is more readily
	determinable.


	 




	Acquisitions






	 




	We account for our acquisitions under ASC Topic 805,

	Business
	Combinations and Reorganizations

	(“ASC Topic 805”). ASC Topic 805 provides guidance on how the acquirer recognizes
	and measures the consideration transferred, identifiable assets acquired, liabilities assumed, non-controlling interests, and goodwill
	acquired in a business combination. ASC Topic 805 also expands required disclosures surrounding the nature and financial effects
	of business combinations.


	 


	When we acquire a business, we allocate the purchase price to
	the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the transaction at their respective estimated fair values. We record any premium
	over the fair value of net assets acquired as goodwill. The allocation of the purchase price involves judgments and estimates both
	in characterizing the assets and in determining their fair value. The way we characterize the assets has important implications,
	as long-lived assets with definitive lives, for example, are depreciated or amortized, whereas goodwill is tested annually for
	impairment. With respect to determining the fair value of assets, the most subjective estimates involve valuations of long-lived
	assets, such as property, plant, and equipment as well as identified intangible assets. We use all available information to make
	these fair value determinations and may engage independent valuation specialists to assist in the fair value determination of the
	acquired long-lived assets. The fair values of long-lived assets are determined using valuation techniques that use discounted
	cash flow methods, independent market appraisals and other acceptable valuation techniques.



	 







	 



	19



	 









	 





	 








	ITEM 7A - QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
	MARKET RISK



	 


	Not applicable.



	 







	ITEM 8 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA



	 


	Our audited financial statements as of and for the years ended
	September 30, 2016 and 2015 follow Item 14, beginning at page F-1.



	 







	ITEM 9 - CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
	ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE



	 


	On November 1, 2016, upon the closing of the Transactions, we
	dismissed Anton and Chia, LLP (“A&C”), as our independent registered public accounting firm, which was recommended
	and approved by our Board of Directors (the “Board”) on November 1, 2016. A&C audited our financial statements
	for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015. The reason for the replacement of A&C was that, following the Acquisition, BRJ
	LLC will carry on the business formerly conducted by BRJ Inc., and the current independent registered public accountants of BRJ
	Inc. is the firm of Freed Maxick CPAs, P.C. (“Freed Maxick”). We believe that it is in our best interest to have Freed
	Maxick continue to work with our business, and we therefore retained Freed Maxick as our new independent registered public accounting
	firm effective November 1, 2016. Freed Maxick is located at 424 Main Street, Suite 800, Buffalo, New York 14202.


	 


	The decision to change auditors and the appointment of Freed
	Maxick was recommended and approved by our Board. During our two most recent fiscal years, and the subsequent interim periods,
	prior to November 1, 2016, we did not consult Freed Maxick regarding either: (i) the application of accounting principles to a
	specified transaction, completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on our company’s financial
	statements, or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K
	or a reportable event as described in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K.


	 


	A&C’s report on our financial statements for the fiscal
	year ended September 31, 2015 did not contain any adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion and was not qualified as audit scope
	or accounting principles, however such year-end report did contain a modification paragraph that expressed substantial doubt about
	our ability to continue as a going concern.


	 


	During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015 and the subsequent
	interim periods prior to November 1, 2016, (i) there were no disagreements between us and A&C on any matter of accounting principles
	or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure which, if not resolved to the satisfaction of A&C,
	would have caused A&C to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreement in connection with its reports and (ii) there
	were no “reportable events,” as described in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act or the Securities
	Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The decision to replace A&C was not the result of any disagreement between us and A&C
	on any matter of accounting principle or practice, financial statement disclosure or audit procedure. Our Board deemed it in our
	best interest to change independent auditors following the closing of the Transactions.



	 







	ITEM 9A - CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES



	 



	Management’s Annual Report on
	Internal Control over Financial Reporting



	Our management is responsible for establishing
	and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
	by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and financial officer and effected by our board of directors, management
	and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
	statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.


	 






	 



	20



	 







	 




	 


	We maintain disclosure controls and
	procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Securities Exchange
	Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
	specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
	including our principal executive and financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required
	disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide
	only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the
	cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Our evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
	includes using the 2013 COSO framework, an integrated framework for the evaluation of internal controls issued by the
	Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, to identify the risks and control objectives related to the
	evaluation of our control environment.


	 


	Our principal executive and
	financial officer, after evaluating the effectiveness of the Company’s “disclosure controls and procedures”
	(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this annual report,
	concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. Our Management evaluated the effectiveness of our
	internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016 as required by paragraph (b) of Exchange Act Rules 13a-15
	or 15d-15, and has determined our controls were not effective due to material weaknesses that exist. The material weaknesses
	consist of an insufficient complement of qualified accounting personnel and controls associated with segregation of duties
	and ineffective controls associated with identifying and accounting for complex and non-routine transactions in accordance
	with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.


	 


	To address the material weaknesses
	we performed additional analyses and other post-closing procedures and retained the services of a consultant to ensure that our
	financial statements were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
	(U.S. GAAP).  Notwithstanding these material weaknesses, management believes that the financial statements included in
	this Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly present, in all material respects, our financial condition, result of operations and cash
	flows for the periods presented.


	 


	This annual report does not include an
	attestation report of the company’s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
	reporting. Management’s report was not subject to attestation requirements by our independent registered public accounting
	firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management’s report
	in this annual report.


	 



	Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting




	 



	 There was no
	change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) during the year
	ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
	financial reporting.



	 







	ITEM 9B – OTHER INFORMATION



	 


	None 


	 






	 



	21



	 









	 




	 





	PART III




	 








	ITEM 10 - DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS and CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



	 





	Directors and Executive Officers



	The names, ages and positions of our directors
	and executive officers are as follows


	 






	Name




	 




	Age




	 




	Position







	Carl Grassi



	 



	57



	 



	Chairman of the Board





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Fred DiSanto



	 



	54



	 



	Chief Executive Officer and Director





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Brian Hopkins



	 



	40



	 



	Director





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Jeff Anderson



	 



	46



	 



	Director and Secretary






	 


	The principal occupations for the past five
	years (and, in some instances, for prior years) of each of our directors and executive officers are as follows:



	 




	Carl Grassi

	became our Chairman of the Board in November
	2016. Mr. Grassi is the chairman of the law firm McDonald Hopkins LLC, where he has worked as an attorney since July 1992. Mr.
	Grassi is corporate counsel and business advisor to a number of middle-market and growth companies. Mr. Grassi also authors the
	Small Business “Tax Tips” column for Crain’s Cleveland Business and has written other articles for national publications.
	Mr. Grassi earned his law degree from Cleveland-Marshall College of Law and his Bachelor’s degree from John Carroll University.
	Mr. Grassi is a Certified Public Accountant and is currently director of Mace Security International, Inc ,which designs and manufactures
	a wide range of security products..The Board believes that Mr. Grassi’s substantial experience as an accomplished attorney,
	negotiator and general counsel to companies will enable him to bring a wealth of strategic, legal and business acumen to the Board,
	well qualifying him to serve as a director.



	 




	Fred DiSanto

	became a member of our
	Board and our Chief Executive Officer in November 2016. Mr. DiSanto has worked at Ancora, a registered investment advisor, since
	June 2005, was named its Chief Executive Officer in January 2006 and was later named its Chairman in December 2014. He was the
	former President and Chief Operating Officer of Maxus Investment Group (“Maxus”) from 1998 until 2000, during which
	time he was responsible for the marketing, sales and financial operations. When Maxus was sold to Fifth Third Bank in January 2001,
	and until June 2005, Mr. DiSanto served as Executive Vice President and Manager of the Fifth Third Bank’s Investment Advisors
	Division overseeing investment management, private banking and trust and banking services. Prior to Maxus, Mr. DiSanto was Managing
	Partner at Gelfand Partners Asset Management from 1991 until its merger with Maxus in 1997. He began his investment career in 1985
	with McDonald Investments in Institutional Equity Sales. Mr. DiSanto is currently on the boards of Medical Mutual of Ohio, Case
	Western Reserve University, The Cleveland Film Commission, WF Hann and Sons and The Eastern Company. He is also on the Executive
	Committee for the Board of Trustees at Case Western Reserve University. Mr. DiSanto is a former Chairman of the Board of Regents
	of St. Ignatius High School and former Chairman and current Trustee of the Greater Cleveland Sports Commission. He is a past Board
	Member of Lorain National Bank (LNBB), Parkview Federal Savings Bank (PVFC) and Axia NetMedia (AXX). Mr. DiSanto earned a Bachelor
	of Science degree in management science from Case Western Reserve University and a Master in Business Administration degree from
	Case Western Reserve University, Weatherhead School of Management (Cleveland, Ohio). The Board believes that Mr. DiSanto’s
	qualifications to serve on the Board include his substantial financial expertise and his prior experience as an executive officer
	of several companies.



	 




	Brian Hopkins

	has been a member of
	our Board since April 2016 and served as our President and Chief Executive Officer from April 2016 until November 1,2016. Mr. Hopkins
	has been a Partner and Portfolio Manager at Ancora since September 2003. He is a Managing Director of Corporate Development and
	a member of the Executive Committee at Ancora. In his role as Portfolio Manager, he is responsible for making investment decisions
	for the firm’s alternative products. Prior to joining Ancora, Mr. Hopkins was an Investment Associate with Primus Capital
	Partners, one of the largest private equity firms in the Midwest, from August 2001 to September 2003. Before joining Primus, he
	worked in the Investment Banking Division of Deutsche Bank in London as an Associate from August 1998 to June 2001. Mr. Hopkins
	is currently a director of First Menasha Bancshares (OTC: FMBJ). Mr. Hopkins earned a Bachelor of Science degree in finance from
	Georgetown University. The Board believes that Mr. Hopkins’ substantial management and investment experience well qualify
	him to serve as a director.



	 







	 



	22



	 







	 





	 




	Jeff Anderson

	has been a member of
	our Board since April 2016. Mr. Anderson joined Ancora in May 2010 as an Analyst and Portfolio Manager. He focuses on special situations
	such as liquidations, bankruptcies and spinoffs. Prior to joining Ancora full-time, he served as a consultant to Ancora. Mr. Anderson
	managed a special situations portfolio for Millennium Partners in New York from May 2006 to November 2008. He spent six years at
	the investment firm Kellogg Group in New York, working in the Specialist Operations Group on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange
	from January 2000 to October 2000, before working in the firm’s proprietary trading operation from October 2000 to March
	2006. Mr. Anderson graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree from Wilfrid Laurier University in Ontario, Canada. Mr. Anderson is
	a CFA charterholder. The Board believes that Mr. Anderson’s extensive business and capital markets experience well qualify
	him to serve as a director.



	 




	Term of Office



	 






	Directors are elected to hold office until
	the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are elected and qualified.  Officers of the Company
	are appointed by the Board.  Each officer holds office until his successor is elected and qualified or until his earlier
	resignation or removal.



	 



	Board Committees


	 


	The Board does not currently have an audit
	committee, compensation committee or nominations and corporate governance committee.


	 


	Director Compensation


	 


	We currently do not provide cash compensation
	for our directors nor do we intend to provide cash compensation to our directors for the foreseeable future. On April 8, 2016,
	under the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan and pursuant to the SPA, we granted options to purchase 9,351 shares of common stock to each
	of Messrs. Hopkins and Anderson.


	 


	Indebtedness of Directors and Executive Officers


	 


	None of our directors or executive officers
	or their respective associates or affiliates is currently indebted to us.


	 


	Family Relationships


	 


	There are no family relationships among our
	directors and executive officers.


	 


	Legal Proceedings


	 


	As of the date of this current report, there
	is no material proceeding to which any of our directors, executive officers, affiliates or stockholders is a party adverse to us.



	 




	Code of Ethics



	 


	The Board adopted a Code of Ethics for the Company, a copy of
	which was attached as Exhibit 14 to the Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2004 and is incorporated herein by reference.


	 






	 



	23



	 








	 





	 








	ITEM 11 - EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION



	 


	Summary Compensation Table


	 


	The following table provides certain summary
	information concerning compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to our Chief Executive Officer and our other highest paid executive
	officers (collectively, our “named executive officers”) for fiscal years 2016 and 2015.


	 






	Name &

	Principal Position


	 


	Year


	 


	 


	Salary

	 ($)


	 


	 


	Bonus

	($)


	 


	 


	Stock

	Awards

	($)


	 


	 


	Option

	Awards

	($)


	 


	 


	Non-Equity

	Incentive

	 Plan

	Compensation

	($)


	 


	 


	Change in

	Pension

	Value and

	Non-

	Qualified

	Deferred

	Compensation

	Earnings ($)


	 


	 


	All Other

	Compensation

	($)


	 


	 


	Total

	($)


	 





	Fred DiSanto

	(1)




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	CEO


	 


	 


	2015


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Brian Hopkins

	(2) and (4)




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	$


	4,898


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	$


	4,898


	 




	Former Pres. and CEO


	 


	 


	2015


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Steven N. Bronson

	(3)




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Former Pres. and CEO


	 


	 


	2015


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 





	 




	 










	(1)


	Fred DiSanto was appointed to his position on November 1, 2016.




	 






	(2)


	Brian Hopkins was appointed to his positions on April 8, 2016 and resigned from them on November 1, 2016.




	 






	(3)


	Steven N. Bronson was appointed to his positions in September 1998 and resigned from them on April 8, 2016. In September 2002,
	we entered into an agreement with Mr. Bronson, which provided that, effective October 1, 2002, Mr. Bronson waived and would not
	receive a salary from our company.




	 






	(4)


	Value of option awards is the dollar amount recognized
	for financial statements reporting purposes.




	 


	Employment Agreements


	 


	We do not currently have an employment agreement
	in place with our Chief Executive Officer, nor do we currently intend to provide compensation to our Chief Executive Officer in
	his capacity as such.



	 







	 



	24



	 







	 




	 





	Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End



	 


	The following table sets forth information
	regarding our outstanding equity awards as of September 30, 2016:


	 




	 


	 


	Option awards


	 


	Stock awards


	 




	Name


	 


	Number of

	securities

	underlying

	unexercised

	options

	(#)

	exercisable


	 


	 


	Number of

	securities

	underlying

	unexercised

	options

	(#)

	unexercisable


	 


	 


	Equity

	incentive

	plan

	awards:

	Number of

	securities

	underlying

	unexercised

	unearned

	options

	(#)


	 


	 


	Option

	exercise

	price

	($)


	 


	 


	Option

	expiration

	date


	 


	Number

	of shares

	or units

	of
	stock 

	that have

	not

	vested 

	(#)


	 


	 


	Market

	value of

	shares of

	units of

	stock

	that have

	not

	vested 

	($)


	 


	 


	Equity

	incentive

	plan

	awards:

	Number

	of

	unearned

	shares,

	units or

	other

	rights that

	have not

	vested

	(#)


	 


	 


	Equity

	incentive

	plan

	awards:

	Market or

	payout

	value of

	unearned

	shares,

	units or

	other

	rights that

	have not

	vested

	($)


	 




	Brian Hopkins


	 


	 


	779


	 


	 


	 


	8,572


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	$


	16.00


	 


	 


	4/8/2031


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Jeff Anderson


	 


	 


	779


	 


	 


	 


	8,572


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	$


	16.00


	 


	 


	4/8/2031


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 





	 





	Compensation of Directors




	 



	The table below summarizes the compensation paid by us to directors
	for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016.


	 




	Director Compensation Table


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	Fees


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	earned

	or


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	All


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	paid in


	 


	 


	Stock


	 


	 


	Option


	 


	 


	other


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	cash


	 


	 


	Awards


	 


	 


	Awards


	 


	 


	Compensation


	 


	 


	Total


	 




	Name


	 


	$


	 


	 


	$


	 


	 


	$


	 


	 


	$


	 


	 


	$


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Jeff Anderson (1)


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	$


	4,898


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	$


	4,898


	 





	 







	(1)




	Value
	of option awards is the dollar amount recognized for financial statements reporting purposes.





	 






	 



	25



	 







	 




	 


	Mr. Hopkins’ compensation is disclosed in the Summary
	Compensation Table. Neither Steven N. Bronson, who resigned from the Board on May 16, 2016, nor Leonard Hagan, who resigned from
	the Board on April 8, 2016, received any compensation for their service as a director during the fiscal year ended September 30,
	2016.



	 




	Equity Incentive Plan




	 



	On April 8, 2016, we adopted the 2016 Equity
	Incentive Plan (the “Equity Incentive Plan”). The maximum number of shares of our common stock available for issuance
	under the Equity Incentive Plan through the grant of non-qualified stock options is 135,000 shares. The purpose of the Equity Incentive
	Plan is to enable us to attract, motivate and retain key employees and directors and to provide an additional incentive for such
	individuals through stock ownership and other rights that promote and recognize the financial success and growth of our company.


	 


	The Equity Incentive Plan is to be administered
	by the Board. Subject to the other provisions of the Equity Incentive Plan, the Board has the authority, in its discretion: (i)
	to grant nonqualified stock options, referred to collectively as “Awards”; (ii) to determine the terms and conditions
	of each Award granted (which need not be identical); (iii) to interpret the Equity Incentive Plan and all Awards granted thereunder;
	and (iv) to make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the administration of the Equity Incentive Plan. The persons
	eligible for participation in the Equity Incentive Plan as recipients of Awards include employees, consultants and non-employee
	directors to our company or any subsidiary or affiliate of our company. In selecting participants, and determining the number of
	shares of common stock covered by each Award, the Board may consider any factors that it deems relevant.


	 


	As of September 30, 2016, we have 42,596 options
	outstanding under the Equity Incentive Plan. In connection with the closing of the transactions under the SPA, we granted options
	to purchase 23,738 shares of common stock to Ancora and options to purchase 9,351 shares of common stock to each of Messrs. Hopkins,
	Anderson and Bronson, of which Mr. Bronson forfeited options to purchase 9,195 shares of common stock upon his resignation as a
	director on May 16, 2016.


	 






	 



	26



	 








	 





	 








	ITEM 12 - SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
	AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS



	 


	Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
	Owners and Management


	 


	The following table sets forth information
	regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of December 14, 2016 by (a) each person who is known by us to beneficially
	own 5% or more of our common stock, (b) each of our present directors and executive officers, and (c) all of our present directors
	and executive officers as a group.


	 








	Name

	(1)





	 


	Number of

	Shares

	Beneficially

	Owned


	 


	 




	Percentage of





	Shares





	Beneficially





	Owned

	(2)





	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Executive Officers and Directors:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Carl Grassi

	(3)




	 


	 


	37,037


	 


	 


	 


	2.9


	%




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Fred DiSanto

	(4)




	 


	 


	429,944


	 


	 


	 


	33.6


	%




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Brian Hopkins

	(5)




	 


	 


	5,262


	 


	 


	 



	*



	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Jeff Anderson

	(5)




	 


	 


	5,262


	 


	 


	 



	*



	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	All executive officers and directors as a group (4 persons)


	 


	 


	477,505


	 


	 


	 


	37.3


	%




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	5% Stockholders:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Ancora Advisors, LLC

	(6)




	 


	 


	392,909


	 


	 


	 


	30.7


	%





	 




	 










	*


	Less than one percent of outstanding shares.




	 






	(1)


	The address of each person is c/o Regional Brands Inc., 6060 Parkland Boulevard Cleveland, Ohio 44124.




	 






	(2)


	The calculation in this column is based upon 1,274,598 shares of common stock outstanding on December 14, 2016. Beneficial
	ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect
	to securities. Shares of common stock that are currently convertible or exercisable or that are convertible or exercisable within
	60 days of December 14, 2016 are deemed to be beneficially owned by the person holding such securities for the purpose of computing
	the percentage of ownership of such person, but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership
	of any other person.




	 






	(3)



	The Shares owned by The Laura L.Grassi Restatement of Trust UAD 3/10/0505,
	of which Laura L. Grassi, Mr. Grassi's wife, is the trustee.





	 






	(4)


	Includes 259,305 shares owned directly by Merlin Partners LP, 129,648 shares owned directly by Ancora Catalyst Fund LP, 3,956
	shares subject to options held by Ancora that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of December 14, 2016, and
	18,147 shares owned directly by Mr. DiSanto’s wife. Ancora is the general partner of each of Merlin Partners LP and Ancora
	Catalyst Fund LP. Mr. DiSanto is the Chief Executive Officer of Ancora. By virtue of this relationship, Mr. DiSanto may be deemed
	to beneficially own the shares of common stock owned directly by Merlin Partners LP and Ancora Catalyst Fund LP. Mr. DiSanto disclaims
	beneficial ownership of the shares that he does not directly own.




	 






	 



	27



	 







	 




	 






	(5)


	Includes 1,559 shares subject to options that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of December 14, 2016.




	 






	(6)


	Includes 259,305 shares owned directly by Merlin Partners LP, 129,648 shares owned directly by Ancora Catalyst Fund LP, and
	3,956 shares subject to options held by Ancora that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of December 14, 2016.
	Ancora is the general partner of each of Merlin Partners LP and Ancora Catalyst Fund LP. By virtue of this relationship, Ancora
	may be deemed to beneficially own the shares of common stock owned directly by Merlin Partners LP and Ancora Catalyst Fund LP.
	Ancora disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares that it does not directly own.





	 







	ITEM 13 - CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS,
	AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE



	 




	Loans from Former Chief
	Executive Officer





	 




	Since February 3, 2009, our
	former president and principal executive officer, Steven N. Bronson, had loaned our company money to fund working capital needs
	to pay operating expenses. The loans were repayable upon demand and accrued interest at the rate of 10% per annum. As of March
	31, 2016, the aggregate principal loan balance amounted to $186,196 and such loans had accrued interest of $65,464 through March
	31, 2016. On April 8, 2016, pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement (the “SPA”), dated as such date, among our
	company, Merlin Partners LP and Ancora Catalyst Fund LP (affiliates of Ancora), and Steven N. Bronson (collectively, the “Purchasers”),
	we issued to Mr. Bronson 18,522 shares of our common stock in full satisfaction for Mr. Bronson’s loans to us.





	 






	Management Services Agreements





	 




	On April 8, 2016, in connection
	with the transactions contemplated by the SPA, we entered into a Management Services Agreement (the “MSA”) with Ancora,
	whereby Ancora agreed to provide specified services to us in exchange for a quarterly management fee in an amount equal to 0.14323%
	of our stockholders’ equity (excluding cash and cash equivalents) as shown on our balance sheet as of the end of each of
	our fiscal quarters. The management fee with respect to each fiscal quarter is paid no later than 10 days following the issuance
	of our financial statements for such fiscal quarter, and in any event no later than 60 days following the end of each fiscal quarter.
	For the year ended September 30, 2016, Ancora had agreed to waive payment of the management fee

	.


	 



	Registration Rights Agreement



	 


	On April 8, 2016, we entered into a Registration Rights Agreement
	(the “RRA”) among us and the Purchasers, pursuant to the terms of the SPA. Under the RRA, we granted to the Purchasers
	certain registration rights related to the aggregate 370,441shares of our common stock issued pursuant to the SPA and agreed to
	certain customary obligations regarding the registration of such shares, including indemnification.


	 



	Leases



	 


	Prior to May 12, 2016, we occupied a portion of the offices
	occupied by BKF Capital Group, Inc., 31248 Oak Crest Drive, Suite 110, Westlake Village, California 91361 on a month to month basis
	for a fee of $50 per month paid to BKF Capital Group, Inc. Steven N. Bronson, our former Chairman and CEO, is also the Chairman,
	CEO and controlling shareholder of BKF Capital Group, Inc.


	 


	Effective May 12, 2016, we relocated our principal offices to
	6060 Parkland Boulevard, Cleveland, OH 44124. We pay no rent for the use of the offices, which are located at the corporate headquarters
	of Ancora.



	 







	 



	28



	 







	 





	 




	Director Independence



	As our common stock is currently traded
	on the OTC, we are not subject to the rules of any national securities exchange which require that a majority of a listed company’s
	directors and specified committees of the board of directors meet independence standards prescribed by such rules. 



	 







	ITEM 14 - PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES



	 



	Audit Fees



	Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered
	for audit and review services of the Company’s consolidated financial statements included in the Company’s annual financial
	statements and review of financial statements included in its Forms 10-Q, and for services that are normally provided by the
	auditor in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements.  The aggregate fees billed or to be billed
	for professional services rendered by our principal accountant, Freed Maxick CPAs, P.C. for audit for the year ended September
	30, 2016 was $7,500. The aggregate fees billed or to be billed for professional services rendered by our former principal
	accountant, Anton and Chia, LLP, for audit and review services for the year ended September 30, 2015 was $14,500. For
	the year ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company was not required to have an audit of its internal controls over financial
	reporting.


	 



	Audit Related Fees



	There were no fees billed or to be billed
	for audit related services by our independent registered public accounting firm that are reasonably related to the performance
	of the audit or review of our financial statements, other than those previously reported in this Item 14, for the fiscal years
	ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.


	 



	Tax Fees



	The aggregate fees billed for professional
	services rendered by our principal accountant, Freed Maxick CPAs, P.C., for preparation of tax returns during the years ended September
	30, 2016 and 2015 were $0 and $0, respectively.  The aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by our
	former principal accountant, Anton and Chia, LLP , for preparation of tax returns during the years ended September 30, 2016 and
	2015 were $0 and $0, respectively



	 




	All Other Fees



	The aggregate other fees billed for
	professional services rendered by our principal accountant, Freed Maxick CPAs, P.C., and our former principal accountant, Anton
	and Chia, LLP, during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $0 and $0, respectively.


	 


	We do not have an Audit Committee. Our
	Board pre-approves all auditing services and permissible non-audit services provided to us by our independent registered public
	accounting firm. All fees listed above were pre-approved in accordance with this policy.


	 






	 



	29



	 









	 





	 










	ITEM 15 - EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES



	 



	(a)(3) Exhibits



	 


	The following exhibits are hereby filed as part of this Annual
	Report on Form 10-K or incorporated by reference.


	 







	2.1




	Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2016, by and among B. R. Johnson, Inc., William A. Harfosh, Michael V. Howard, Anthony C. Minieri, Arthur P. Brillanti, B.R. Johnson, LLC, William J. Maggio, Charles A. Rider, Richard F. Gioia and Justin M. Reich (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 8, 2016).





	 


	 





	3.1




	Certificate of Incorporation of Regional Brands Inc., as amended (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 8, 2016).





	 


	 





	3.2




	Amended and Restated Bylaws of Regional Brands Inc., as amended (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 8, 2016).





	 


	 





	4.1




	Form of Subscription Agreement of Regional Brands Inc., dated as of November 1, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 8, 2016).





	 


	 





	10.1




	Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2016, by and among B.R. Johnson, LLC, the lending institutions party thereto and KeyBank National Association (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 8, 2016).





	 


	 





	10.2




	Subordinated Promissory Note, dated as of November 1, 2016, issued by B.R. Johnson, LLC in favor of B. R. Johnson, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 8, 2016).





	 


	 





	10.3




	Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2016, by and between B.R. Johnson, LLC and Regional Brands Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 8, 2016).





	 


	 





	10.4




	Management Services Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2016, by and between B.R. Johnson, LLC, and Lorraine Capital, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 8, 2016).





	 


	 





	10.5




	Limited Liability Company Agreement of B.R. Johnson, LLC, dated as of November 1, 2016, by and among Lorraine Capital, LLC, Regional Brands Inc. and BRJ Acquisition Partners, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 8, 2016).





	 


	 





	10.6




	Securities Purchase Agreement among the Company and Merlin Partners LP, Ancora Catalyst Fund LP, and Steven N. Bronson, dated as of April 8, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on April 8, 2016).





	 


	 





	10.7




	Registration Rights Agreement among the Company and Merlin Partners LP, Ancora Catalyst Fund LP, and Steven N. Bronson, dated as of April 8, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on April 8, 2016).





	 


	 





	10.8




	Management Services Agreement between the Company and Ancora Advisors, LLC, dated as of April 8, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on April 8, 2016).






	 






	 



	30



	 







	 




	 







	10.9#




	Regional Brands Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, dated April 8, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on April 8, 2016).





	 


	 





	10.10




	Fourth Amended and Restated Consolidated Loan Agreement between Steven N. Bronson and 4net Software, Inc., dated December 19, 2012. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated December 28, 2012).





	 


	 





	14.1




	Code of Ethics. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2004).





	 


	 





	16.1




	Letter from Anton and Chia, LLP (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed by the Company on November 18, 2016).





	 


	 





	21.1*




	Subsidiaries of Regional Brands Inc.





	 


	 





	31.1*




	Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and15d-14(a)





	 


	 





	31.2*




	Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and15d-14(a)





	 


	 





	32**




	Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350





	 


	 





	101.INS*




	XBRL Instance Document.





	 


	 





	101.SCH*




	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.





	 


	 





	101.CAL*




	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.





	 


	 





	101.DEF*




	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.





	 


	 





	101.LAB*




	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document.





	 


	 





	101.PRE*




	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.






	 






	*


	Filed herewith.




	 






	**


	This certification is deemed not filed for purposes of
	Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the
	liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933,
	as amended, or the Exchange Act.




	 






	#


	Indicates management contract or compensatory plans or
	arrangements required to be filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K.




	 






	 



	31



	 







	 





	 




	REGIONAL BRANDS INC.



	 



	CONTENTS



	 




	 




	Page






	 


	 







	Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms





	F-2 – F-3




	 


	 






	Financial Statements:




	 




	 


	 






	Balance Sheets





	F-4





	 


	 






	Statements of Operations





	F-5





	 


	 






	Statements of Changes in
	Stockholders’ Equity (Deficiency)





	F-6





	 


	 






	Statements of Cash Flows





	F-7





	 


	 







	Notes to the Financial Statements






	F-8 – F-16





	 






	 


	 F-

	1



	 









	 




	 









	REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
	ACCOUNTING FIRM



	 


	To the Board of Directors and Stockholders


	Regional Brands Inc.


	 


	We have audited the accompanying balance
	sheet of Regional Brands Inc. as of September 30, 2016, and the related statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes
	in stockholders’ equity (deficiency) and cash flows for the year then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility
	of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.


	 


	We conducted our audit in accordance with
	the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
	the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company
	is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included
	consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the
	circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over
	financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
	the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
	by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
	basis for our opinion.


	 


	In our opinion, the financial statements
	referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Regional Brands Inc. as of September 30,
	2016, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
	principles.




	 


	/s/ Freed Maxick CPAs, P.C.


	 


	Buffalo, New York


	December 29, 2016


	 








	 


	 F-

	2



	 








	 




	 




Click to enlarge


	 




	REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
	REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


	 


	To the Board of Directors
	and


	Stockholders of 4Net Software,
	Inc.


	 


	We have audited the accompanying
	balance sheet of 4Net Software, Inc. (the "Company") as of September 30, 2015, and the related statements of operations,
	stockholders' deficit, and cash flows for the year then ended. 4Net Software Inc's management is responsible for these financial
	statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. The financial statements
	of the Company as of September 30, 2014 and for the year then ended were audited by other auditors, whose report dated December
	29, 2014, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.


	 


	We conducted our audit in
	accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we
	plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.
	The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.
	Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are
	appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
	control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
	supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
	made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
	basis for our opinion.


	 


	In our opinion, the financial
	statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of 4Net Software, Inc. as of September
	30, 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting principles
	generally accepted in the United States of America.


	 


	The accompanying financial
	statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial
	statements, the Company has no principal operations or significant revenue producing activities, which raises substantial doubt
	about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters is also described in Note 1. The
	financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.


	 





	/s/ Anton and Chia, LLP



	 




	 


	 





	Anton and Chia, LLP



	 





	Newport Beach, CA  



	 





	January 6, 2016



	 




	 










	 


	 F-

	3



	 








	 




	 







	REGIONAL BRANDS INC.



	(Formerly 4net Software, Inc.)



	BALANCE SHEETS



	 




	 


	 


	As of


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	September 30,


	 


	 


	September 30,


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	ASSETS


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Current assets:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash and cash equivalents


	 


	$


	2,525,988


	 


	 


	$


	1,495


	 




	Short-term investments


	 


	 


	2,186,889


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Total current assets


	 


	 


	4,712,877


	 


	 


	 


	1,495


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total assets


	 


	$


	4,712,877


	 


	 


	$


	1,495


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 






	LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIENCY)


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Current liabilities:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Accounts payable and accrued expenses


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	3,206


	 




	Related party note and interest payable


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	234,934


	 




	Total current liabilities


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	238,140


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total liabilities


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	238,140


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Commitments and contingencies


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Stockholders' equity (deficiency):


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Preferred stock, $.01 par value, authorized 5,000,000 issued and outstanding- none


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Common stock, $.00001 par value, 50,000,000 shares authorized authorized, 380,205 shares issued and outstanding ( 9,764 at September 30, 2015)


	 


	 


	4


	 


	 


	 


	1


	 




	Additional paid-in capital


	 


	 


	8,221,556


	 


	 


	 


	3,198,347


	 




	Accumulated deficit


	 


	 


	(3,509,446


	)


	 


	 


	(3,434,993


	)




	Accumulated other comprehensive gain


	 


	 


	763


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Total stockholders' equity (deficiency)


	 


	 


	4,712,877


	 


	 


	 


	(236,645


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total liabilities and stockholders' equity (deficiency)


	 


	$


	4,712,877


	 


	 


	$


	1,495


	 





	 


	The accompanying notes are an integral part
	of the financial statements


	 






	 


	 F-

	4



	 







	 




	 







	REGIONAL BRANDS INC.



	(Formerly 4net Software, Inc.)



	STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE
	LOSS




	 





	 


	 


	For the years ended


	 




	 


	 


	September 30, 2016


	 


	 


	September 30, 2015


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Revenue


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Operating expenses:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	General and administrative


	 


	 


	91,274


	 


	 


	 


	22,744


	 




	 


	 


	 


	91,274


	 


	 


	 


	22,744


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Operating loss


	 


	 


	(91,274


	)


	 


	 


	(22,744


	)




	Other income (expense), net:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Other income (expense)


	 


	 


	18,332


	 


	 


	 


	(650


	)




	Interest income (expense) net


	 


	 


	(1,511


	)


	 


	 


	(16,366


	)




	 


	 


	 


	16,821


	 


	 


	 


	(17,016


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Loss before income taxes


	 


	$


	(74,453


	)


	 


	$


	(39,760


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Income tax provision


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net loss


	 


	$


	(74,453


	)


	 


	$


	(39,760


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Other comprehensive income:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Unrealized gain on investments, net of tax


	 


	 


	763


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Comprehensive loss


	 


	$


	(73,690


	)


	 


	$


	(39,760


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net loss per share- basic and diluted


	 


	$


	(0.40


	)


	 


	$


	(4.07


	)




	Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted


	 


	 


	186,887


	 


	 


	 


	9,764


	 





	 


	The accompanying notes are an integral
	part of the financial statements


	 






	 


	 F-

	5



	 







	 




	 







	REGIONAL BRANDS INC.



	(Formerly 4net Software, Inc.)



	STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
	STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIENCY)




	Years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015




	 





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	Accumulated


	 


	 


	Stockholders'


	 




	 


	 


	Common Stock


	 


	 


	Additional


	 


	 


	Accumulated


	 


	 


	Comprehensive


	 


	 


	Equity


	 




	 


	 


	Shares


	 


	 


	Amount


	 


	 


	Paid-in capital


	 


	 


	Deficit


	 


	 


	Gain (Loss)


	 


	 


	(Deficiency)


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Balance at September 30, 2014


	 


	 


	9,764


	 


	 


	$


	1


	 


	 


	$


	3,198,347


	 


	 


	$


	(3,395,233


	)


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	(196,885


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net loss


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	(39,760


	)


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	(39,760


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Balance at September 30, 2015


	 


	 


	9,764


	 


	 


	 


	1


	 


	 


	 


	3,198,347


	 


	 


	 


	(3,434,993


	)


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	(236,645


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Issuance of common stock


	 


	 


	351,919


	 


	 


	 


	3


	 


	 


	 


	4,749,997


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	4,750,000


	 




	Issuance of common stock to satisfy notes payable


	 


	 


	18,522


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	250,000


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	250,000


	 




	Stock based compensation


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	23,212


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	23,212


	 




	Net loss


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	(74,453


	)


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	(74,453


	)




	Unrealized gain on investments, net of tax


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	763


	 


	 


	 


	763


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Balance at September 30, 2016


	 


	 


	380,205


	 


	 


	$


	4


	 


	 


	$


	8,221,556


	 


	 


	$


	(3,509,446


	)


	 


	$


	763


	 


	 


	$


	4,712,877


	 





	 


	The accompanying notes are an integral part
	of the financial statements


	 






	 


	 F-

	6



	 







	 




	 







	REGIONAL BRANDS INC.



	(Formerly 4net Software, Inc.)



	STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS




	 





	 


	 


	For the years ended


	 




	 


	 


	September 30,

	2016


	 


	 


	September 30,

	 2015


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash flows from operating activities:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net loss


	 


	$


	(74,453


	)


	 


	$


	(39,760


	)




	Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash and cash equivalents used by operating activities:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Stock based compensation


	 


	 


	23,212


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Changes in assets and liabilities


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Increase in liabilities:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Accounts payable and accrued expenses and other liabilities


	 


	 


	4,260


	 


	 


	 


	6,866


	 




	Net cash used by operating activities


	 


	 


	(46,981


	)


	 


	 


	(32,894


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash flows from investment activities:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Purchase of short- term investments


	 


	 


	(2,186,126


	)


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Net cash used by investment activities


	 


	 


	(2,186,126


	)


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash flows from financing activities:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Proceeds from sale of common stock


	 


	 


	4,750,000


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Proceeds from related party note payable


	 


	 


	7,600


	 


	 


	 


	32,900


	 




	Net cash provided by financing activities


	 


	 


	4,757,600


	 


	 


	 


	32,900


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net increase in cash and cash equivalents


	 


	 


	2,524,493


	 


	 


	 


	6


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash and cash equivalents- beginning of year


	 


	 


	1,495


	 


	 


	 


	1,489


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash and cash equivalents- end of year


	 


	$


	2,525,988


	 


	 


	$


	1,495


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Non-cash investing and financing activities:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Repayment of related party note payable and accrued interest by issuance of common shares


	 


	$


	250,000


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 





	 


	The accompanying notes are an integral
	part of the financial statements


	 






	 


	 F-

	7



	 







	 




	  





	Regional Brands Inc.




	(Formerly 4net Software, Inc.)



	 





	NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



	 



	NOTE 1. NATURE OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY
	OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES



	 


	Regional Brands Inc. (formerly 4net Software,
	Inc.) (the "Company') was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in 1986. Regional Brands Inc. is a holding
	company formed to acquire substantial ownership in regional companies with strong brand recognition, stable revenues and profitability.
	Regional Brands has been pursuing a business strategy whereby it was seeking to engage in an acquisition, merger or other business
	combination transaction with undervalued businesses (each, a “Target Company”) with a history of operating revenues
	in markets that provide opportunities for growth. On November 1, 2016 (See Note 6) the Company's majority-owned subsidiary acquired
	substantially all of the assets (the “Acquisition”) of B.R. Johnson, Inc. (“BRJ Inc.”), a seller and distributor
	of windows, doors and related hardware as well as specialty products for use in commercial and residential buildings.


	 





	Basis Of Presentation
	at September 30, 2015-

	The accompanying financial statements were prepared on the basis of accounting principles applicable
	to a going concern which contemplates the realization of assets and extinguishment of liabilities in the normal course of business.
	As shown in the  accompanying financial statements, the Company had accumulated a deficit of approximately $ 3.4 million through
	September 30, 2015.   As of September 30, 2015 the Company had no principal operations or significant revenue producing activities,
	which raised substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The Company's financial statements did not include
	any adjustments related to the carrying value of assets or the amount and classification of liabilities that might have been necessary
	should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. The Company's ability to establish itself as a going concern was dependent
	on its ability to merge with another entity. The outcome of this matter could not be determined at that time.


	 




	As detailed in other
	Notes to the Financial Statements, subsequent to September 30, 2015, the Company has raised additional capital and its majority-owned
	subsidiary acquired substantially all of the assets BRJ Inc., a seller and distributor of windows, doors and related hardware as
	well as specialty products for use in commercial and residential buildings.






	 




	Use of Estimates


	- The preparation
	of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“U.S.
	GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in the financial statements and
	accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates and be based on events different from those assumptions. Future
	events and their effects cannot be predicted with certainty; estimating, therefore, requires the exercise of judgment. Thus, accounting
	estimates change as new events occur, as more experience is acquired or as additional information is obtained.


	 




	Common Shares Issued




	and




	Earnings (Loss) Per Share


	- Common shares issued are recorded based on the value of the shares issued or consideration
	received, including cash, services rendered or other non-monetary assets, whichever is more readily determinable. The Company presents
	basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share. Basic earnings (loss) per share reflect the actual weighted average number of shares
	issued and outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share are computed including the number of additional shares
	that would have been outstanding if dilutive potential shares had been issued. In a loss period, the calculation for basic and
	diluted earnings (loss) per share is considered to be the same, as the impact of potential common shares issued is anti-dilutive.




	 






	Fair Value of Financial Instruments


	- Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
	between market participants at the measurement date. The Fair Value Measurement Topic of the Financial Accounting Standards Board
	(“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy which
	prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active
	markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements).
	These tiers include:


	 




	 



	●




	Level 1, defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets;





	 


	 


	 




	 



	●




	Level 2, defined as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable such as quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets or quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and





	 


	 


	 




	 



	●




	Level 3, defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions, such as valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable.





	 






	 


	 F-

	8



	 







	 




	 


	The Company’s valuation techniques
	used to measure the fair value of money market funds, certificate of deposits, and certain marketable equity securities were derived
	from quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.


	 


	In accordance with the fair value accounting
	requirements, companies may choose to measure eligible financial instruments and certain other items at fair value. The Company
	has not elected the fair value option for any eligible financial instruments.


	 


	The table below presents the Company's
	assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016, aggregated by the level in the fair
	value hierarchy within which those measurements fall.


	 


	Assets and Liabilities Measured
	at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis at September 30, 2016:


	 






	Assets


	 


	Level 1


	 


	 


	Level 2


	 


	 


	Level 3


	 


	 


	Balance at September

	30, 2016


	 




	Marketable Equity Securities


	 


	$


	932,878


	 


	 


	$


	—


	 


	 


	$


	—


	 


	 


	$


	932,878


	 




	Money Market Funds


	 


	$


	2,525,988


	 


	 


	$


	—


	 


	 


	$


	—


	 


	 


	$


	2,525,988


	 




	Certificates of Deposit


	 


	$


	1,254,010


	 


	 


	$


	—


	 


	 


	$


	—


	 


	 


	$


	1,254,010


	 





	 


	The Company does not have any
	fair value measurements within Level 2 or Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy as of September 30, 2016.


	 




	Cash Equivalents



	–

	All highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase are classified as cash equivalents.
	Amounts included in cash equivalents on the accompanying balance sheet are money market funds whose adjusted costs approximate
	fair value.


	 




	Short-Term Investments



	–

	The Company’s investments are classified as available for sale. Management determines the appropriate classification of its
	investments at the time of purchase and reevaluates the classifications at each balance sheet date. The investments are classified
	as either short-term or long-term based on the nature of each security and its availability for use in current operations. The
	investments are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reported separately in other comprehensive income (loss).
	Realized gains and losses are calculated using the original cost of those investments. During the year ended September 30, 2016,
	the Company purchased 18,400 GDL FD cumulative Preferred Series B Shares for $932,115 and had an unrealized gain of $763.


	 


	Also included within short-term investments
	on the accompanying balance sheet is a certificate of deposit within a financial institution with a maturity date of six months
	at the date of purchase. The adjusted costs of this instrument approximate fair value.


	 




	Comprehensive Loss


	- Comprehensive
	loss is defined as the change in equity of the Company during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from
	non-owner sources. It consists of net income (loss) and other income and losses affecting stockholders’ equity that, under
	U.S. GAAP, are excluded from net income (loss). The change in fair value of investments was the only item impacting accumulated
	other comprehensive loss for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.


	 



	1 for 1,000 stock split-

	On
	July 22, 2016, the Company filed a certificate of amendment (the “Amendment”) to the Company’s Certificate
	of Incorporation with the Delaware Secretary of State to effect a 1 for 1,000 reverse stock split (the “Reverse
	Split”) of the Company’s issued and outstanding Common Stock and to reduce the number of shares of Common Stock
	the Company is authorized to issue from 750,000,000 to 50,000,000 shares.  The Reverse Split became effective on July
	26, 2016 (the “Effective Time”).  The Amendment, including the Reverse Split, was approved by the Board of
	Directors of the Company and the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock by written
	consent in lieu of a meeting.


	 






	 


	 F-

	9



	 







	 




	 


	As a result of the Reverse Split, at the
	Effective Time, every 1,000 shares of the Company’s issued and outstanding Common Stock were automatically combined and reclassified
	into one (1) share of Common Stock.  The Company rounded up any fractional shares, on account of the Reverse Split, to the
	nearest whole share of Common Stock. The Company has prepared the financial, share and per share information included in this annual
	report on a post-split basis.  


	 




	Share-Based Compensation Expense


	– The Company accounts for stock-based compensation under the provisions of FASB ASC 718 “Stock Compensation.”  This
	statement requires the Company to measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments
	based on the grant-date fair value of the award.  That cost is recognized over the period in which the employee is required
	to provide service in exchange for the award, which is usually the vesting period. The Company accounts for stock options issued
	and vesting to non-employees in accordance with ASC Topic 505-50 “Equity - Based Payment to Non-Employees” and accordingly
	the value of the stock compensation to non-employees is based upon the measurement date as determined at either a) the date
	at which a performance commitment is reached, or b) at the date at which the necessary performance to earn the equity instruments
	is complete. Accordingly the fair value of these options is being “marked to market” quarterly until the measurement
	date is determined.




	 






	Income Taxes


	- The Company
	accounts for income taxes with the recognition of estimated income taxes payable or refundable on income tax returns for the current
	year and for the estimated future tax effect attributable to temporary differences and carryforwards. Measurement of deferred income
	items is based on enacted tax laws including tax rates, with the measurement of deferred income tax assets being reduced by available
	tax benefits not expected to be realized in the immediate future.


	 


	The Company reviews tax positions taken
	to determine if it is more likely than not that the position would be sustained upon examination resulting in an uncertain tax
	position. The Company did not have any material unrecognized tax benefit at September 30, 2016 or 2015. The Company recognizes
	interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in tax expense. During the years ended September 30, 2016 and
	2015, the Company recognized no interest and penalties.


	 




	Concentration of Credit Risk


	- The Company maintains its cash in bank deposit accounts, which at times may exceed federally insured limits. The Company believes
	it is not exposed to any significant credit risk as a result of any non-performance by the financial institutions.


	 




	Recent Accounting Pronouncements


	– In August 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No.
	2014-15 (“ASU 2014-15”), “Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) – Disclosure
	of Uncertainties about an Entity’s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.” ASU 2014-15 requires a Company’s
	management to evaluate, at each reporting period, whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the
	entity’s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date the financial statements are issued and provide
	related disclosures. ASU 2014-15 is effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and
	interim periods thereafter. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2014-15 on its financial statements.


	 


	In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU
	2015-16, “Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments.” This ASU
	simplifies the accounting for adjustments made to provisional amounts recognized in a business combination. The amendments in this
	ASU require that an acquirer recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in
	the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. For public business entities, the ASU is effective for fiscal
	years beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating
	the impact of the adoption of ASU 2015-16 on its financial statements.


	 


	In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,
	“Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes”, which simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes by requiring
	that deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. The guidance becomes effective for annual
	reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this ASU is not expected to
	have a material impact on the Company’s financial position and/or results of operations.


	 






	 


	 F-

	10



	 







	 




	 


	FASB ASU 2015-11, Inventory (Topic 330):
	“Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory”. This ASU requires inventory within the scope of the guidance be measured
	at the lower of cost or net realizable value. FASB ASU 2015-11 is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December
	15, 2016, with prospective application required. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating the potential impact of
	this ASU on the financial statements.


	 


	In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-9
	“Revenue from Contracts with Customers”. The new guidance requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to
	which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. Subsequently, the FASB has issued
	the following standards related to ASU 2014-09: ASU No. 2016-08, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606):
	Principal versus Agent Considerations” (“ASU 2016-08”); ASU No. 2016-10, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers
	(Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing” (“ASU 2016-10”); and ASU No. 2016-12, “Revenue
	from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients” (“ASU 2016-12”).
	The Company must adopt ASU 2016-08, ASU 2016-10 and ASU 2016-12 with ASU 2014-09 (collectively, the “new revenue standards”). The
	revenue standards will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP when it becomes effective and permits the
	use of either a retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. This guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim
	periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company has not yet selected a transition method and
	is currently evaluating the effect that the revenue standards will have on its financial statements and related disclosures.


	 


	In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,
	“Compensation — Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.” The standard is
	intended to simplify several areas of accounting for share-based compensation arrangements, including the income tax impact, classification
	on the statement of cash flows and forfeitures. This pronouncement is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016,
	and interim periods within those years, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that ASU
	2016-09 will have on its financial statements and related disclosures.


	 


	In February 2016, an accounting pronouncement
	was issued by the FASB to replace existing lease accounting guidance. This pronouncement is intended to provide enhanced transparency
	and comparability by requiring lessees to record right-of-use assets and corresponding lease liabilities on the balance sheet for
	most leases. Expenses associated with leases will continue to be recognized in a manner similar to current accounting guidance.
	This pronouncement is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted.
	The adoption is required to be applied on a modified retrospective basis for each prior reporting period presented. The Company
	has not yet determined the effect that the adoption of this pronouncement may have on its financial position and/or results of
	operations.



	 




	NOTE 2. STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY (DEFICIENCY)



	 


	The Company’s authorized capital
	consists of 50,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.00001 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value
	$0.01 per share.


	 


	On April 8, 2016, the Company entered into
	and closed a Securities Purchase Agreement (the “SPA”) among the Company and Merlin Partners LP, Ancora Catalyst Fund
	LP, and Steven N. Bronson (collectively the “Purchasers”), whereby the Company sold to the Purchasers the aggregate
	amount of 370,441 shares of Common Stock for the aggregate purchase price of approximately $5,000,000 (including the cancellation
	of all indebtedness that had been loaned to the Company by Mr. Bronson to fund operating expenses). In connection with the SPA,
	the Company changed its name from 4Net Software, Inc. to Regional Brands Inc. The transactions contemplated by the SPA resulted
	in a change of control of the Company from Steven N. Bronson to Merlin Partners LP, which purchased 240,786 shares of Common Stock
	of the Company for the aggregate purchase price of $3,250,000.00, and Ancora Catalyst Fund LP, which purchased 92,610 shares of
	Common Stock of the Company for the aggregate purchase price of $1,250,000.00. Merlin Partners LP and Ancora Catalyst Fund LP are
	affiliates of Ancora Advisors, LLC, a related party.


	 






	 


	 F-

	11



	 







	 





	 




	On April
	8, 2016, the Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the “RRA”) among the Company and the Purchasers,
	pursuant to the terms of the SPA. Under the RRA, the Company granted to the Purchasers certain registration rights related to the
	aggregate 370,441 shares of the Company's common stock issued pursuant to the SPA and agreed to certain customary obligations regarding
	the registration of such shares, including indemnification.




	 




	NOTE 3. EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN



	 


	On April 8, 2016, the Company adopted the
	2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Equity Incentive Plan”). The maximum number of shares of the Company's common stock
	available for issuance under the Equity Incentive Plan through the grant of non-qualified stock options is 135,000. Awards may
	be granted to employees, officers, directors, consultants, agents, advisors and independent contractors of the Company and its
	related companies. Stock based compensation includes expense charges related to all stock-based awards. Such awards include options,
	warrants and stock grants. During the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company issued stock options that vest in 60 equal monthly
	installments and expire in 15 years.


	 


	The Company records share based payments
	under the provisions of FASB ASC 718"Compensation - Stock Compensation." Stock based compensation expense is recognized
	over the requisite service period based on the grant date fair value of the awards. The fair value of each option grant is estimated
	on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model.


	 


	The Company estimated the expected volatility
	based on data used by its peer group of public companies. The expected term was estimated using the simplified method. The
	risk-free interest rate assumption was determined using the equivalent U.S. Treasury bonds yield over the expected term. The Company
	has never paid any cash dividends and does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Therefore, the Company
	assumed an expected dividend yield of zero.


	 


	The following shows the significant assumptions
	used to compute the share-based compensation expense for stock options granted during the year ended September 30, 2016:


	 






	Volatility


	 


	 


	52.1


	%




	Expected term


	 


	 



	7 years



	 




	Risk-free interest rate


	 


	 


	1.47


	%




	Expected dividend yield


	 


	 


	0


	%





	 


	A summary of all stock option activity
	for the year ended September 30, 2016 is as follows:


	 






	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	Weighted


	 


	 


	Weighted


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	Average


	 


	 


	Average


	 


	Aggregate


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	Exercise


	 


	 


	Contractual


	 


	Intrinsic


	 




	 


	 


	Options


	 


	 


	Price


	 


	 


	Life


	 


	Value


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Outstanding, September 30, 2015


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Options granted


	 


	 


	51,791


	 


	 


	$


	16.00


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Options exercises


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Options cancelled/forfeited


	 


	 


	9,195


	 


	 


	$


	16.00


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Outstanding, September 30, 2016


	 


	 


	42,596


	 


	 


	$


	16.00


	 


	 


	14.5 years


	 


	$


	21,298


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Exercisable, September 30, 2016


	 


	 


	3,693


	 


	 


	$


	16.00


	 


	 


	14.5 years


	 


	$


	1,846


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Expected to vest, September 30, 2016


	 


	 


	38,903


	 


	 


	$


	16.00


	 


	 


	14.5 years


	 


	$


	19,452


	 





	 






	 


	 F-

	12



	 







	 




	 


	The Company granted 51,791 options during
	the year ended September 30, 2016. No options were exercised during the years ended September 30, 2016. The fair value of options
	that vested during the year ended September 30, 2016 amounted to approximately $ 23,212 and the Company recorded stock compensation
	expense for options vesting during the year ended September 30, 2016 of $23,212.


	 


	The weighted-average grant date fair value
	of options granted and vested during the year ended September 30, 2016 was $6.29.


	 


	At September 30, 2016, there was approximately
	$244,549 of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested options. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted
	average period of approximately 4.5 years.



	 




	NOTE 4 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS



	 


	On April 8, 2016, the Company entered into
	a Management Services Agreement (the “MSA”), between the Company and Ancora Advisors, LLC, whereby Ancora Advisors,
	LLC agreed to provide specified services to the Company in exchange for a quarterly management fee in an amount equal to 0.14323%
	of the Company’s shareholders’ equity (excluding cash and cash equivalents) as shown on the Company’s balance
	sheet as of the end of each fiscal quarter of the Company. The management fee with respect to each fiscal quarter of the Company
	is paid no later than 10 days following the issuance of the Company’s financial statements for such fiscal quarter, and in
	any event no later than 60 days following the end of each fiscal quarter. For the year ended September 30, 2016, Ancora Advisors,
	LLC agreed to waive payment of the management fee.


	 


	The Company’s former president and
	principal executive officer had loaned the Company money to fund working capital needs to pay operating expenses. The loans were
	repayable upon demand and accrued interest at the rate of 10% per annum. As of March 31, 2016, the aggregate principal loan balance
	amounted to $186,196 and such loans had accrued interest of $63,804 through March 31, 2016. On April 8, 2016, pursuant to the SPA,
	the Company issued to its former president and principal executive officer 18,522 shares of the Company’s Common Stock in
	full satisfaction his loans to the Company.


	 


	Prior to May 12, 2016, the Company occupied
	a portion of the offices occupied by BKF Capital Group, Inc., 31248 Oak Crest Drive, Suite 110, Westlake Village, California 91361
	on a month to month basis for a fee of $50 per month paid to BKF Capital Group, Inc. The Company’s former president and principal
	executive officer is also the Chairman, CEO and controlling shareholder of BKF Capital Group, Inc.


	 


	Effective May
	12, 2016, the Company relocated its principal offices to 6060 Parkland Boulevard, Cleveland, OH 44124. The Company pays no rent
	for the use of the offices, which are located at the corporate headquarters of Ancora Advisors, LLC.



	 







	 


	 F-

	13



	 







	 





	 






	NOTE 5. INCOME TAXES




	 



	The income tax provision (benefit) for
	the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is summarized in the following table.


	 




	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Current:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Federal


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	State


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Total current


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Deferred


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Federal


	 


	 


	(3,894


	)


	 


	 


	(13,518


	)




	State


	 


	 


	55,288




	 


	 


	(2,187


	)




	Total deferred


	 


	 


	51,394




	 


	 


	(15,705


	)




	Less increase (decrease) in allowance


	 


	 


	(51,394


	)


	 


	 


	15,705


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net deferred


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total income tax provision


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 





	 


	The significant components of the deferred
	tax assets and liabilities are summarized below.


	 






	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Deferred tax assets (liabilities) :


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net operating loss carryforwards


	 


	$


	453,892


	 


	 


	$


	505,286


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total


	 


	 


	453,892


	 


	 


	 


	505,286


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Less valuation allowance


	 


	 


	(453,892


	)


	 


	 


	(505,286


	)




	Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 





	 


	The Company has approximately $1,291,000
	in federal net operating loss carryforwards (“NOL’s”) available to reduce future taxable income.
	These carryforwards begin to expire in various years between 2018 and 2031. Due to the uncertainty as to the
	Company’s ability to generate sufficient taxable income in the future and utilize the NOLs before they expire, the
	Company has recorded a valuation allowance to fully offset the NOLs, and the total net deferred tax assets, as well.


	 


	Internal Revenue Code Section 382 ("Section
	382") imposes limitations on the availability of a company's net operating losses and other corporate tax attributes as certain
	significant ownership changes occur.  As a result of the historical equity instrument issuances by the Company, a Section
	382 ownership change may have occurred and a study will be required to determine the date of the ownership change, if any. 
	The amount of the Company's net operating losses and other tax attributes incurred prior to any ownership change may be limited
	based on the Company's value.  A full valuation allowance has been established for the Company's deferred tax assets, including
	net operating losses and any other corporate tax attributes. 


	 






	 


	 F-

	14



	 







	 




	 


	During the years ended September 30, 2016
	and 2015 the Company had no unrecognized tax benefits.  The Company’s policy is to recognize interest accrued and
	penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in tax expense.


	 


	The Company files income tax returns in
	the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in the states of California and Florida. The tax years 2013-2015 generally remain open to examination
	by these taxing authorities.


	 


	A reconciliation of the income tax provision
	using the statutory U.S. income tax rate compared with the actual income tax provision reported on the consolidated statements
	of operations is summarized in the following table.


	 






	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Statutory United States Federal rate


	 


	 


	34.0


	%


	 


	 


	34.0


	%




	State income taxes net of federal benefit


	 


	 


	3.6


	%


	 


	 


	3.6


	%




	Permanent differences


	 


	 


	-8.9


	%


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Correct NOL Asset


	 


	 


	(96


	)


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Changes in valuation reserves


	 


	 


	67.3


	%


	 


	 


	-37.6


	%




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Effective tax rate (provision) benefit


	 


	 


	0.0


	%


	 


	 


	0.0


	%






	 






	NOTE 6. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS




	 



	On November 1, 2016, the Company's majority-owned
	subsidiary, B.R. Johnson, LLC (“BRJ LLC”) acquired substantially all of the assets (the “Acquisition”)
	of B.R. Johnson, Inc. (“BRJ Inc.”), a seller and distributor of windows, doors and related hardware as well as specialty
	products for use in commercial and residential buildings (the “Business”). Following the Acquisition, BRJ LLC will
	carry on the Business.


	 


	The Acquisition was consummated pursuant
	to an Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2016 (the “APA”). Total consideration for the Acquisition is
	approximately $15.4 million (subject to customary working capital adjustments), including delivery by BRJ LLC of a promissory note
	for $2,500,000 to BRJ Inc. (the “Note”), which is subordinate to the Debt Agreements, as described below. The Note
	accrues interest at a rate of 5.25% per annum, payable quarterly, with the principal amount of the Note payable in equal quarterly
	installments of $62,500 commencing on November 1, 2018 and maturing on November 30, 2021.


	 


	The Company provided $10.95 million in
	debt and equity financing to complete the Acquisition, including $7.14 million of the Subordinated Loan (as defined below) and
	$3.81 million in preferred equity of BRJ LLC with the remainder from bank financing, the Note and entities affiliated with Lorraine
	Capital, LLC. The Company holds 76.17% of the common membership interests and 95.22% of the preferred membership interests of BRJ
	LLC, pursuant to the B.R. Johnson, LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement (the “LLC Agreement”) entered into by and
	among Lorraine Capital, LLC (which owns 20% of the common membership interests), Regional Brands Inc. and BRJ Acquisition Partners,
	LLC (which owns the remaining 3.83% of the common membership interests and 4.78% of the preferred membership interests).


	 


	For the purpose of financing the Acquisition and potential future
	acquisitions, on November 1, 2016, the Company completed a private placement in which it issued 894,393 shares of its common stock
	at a price per share of $13.50 and received aggregate gross proceeds of $12,074,306.


	 


	Concurrently with the closing of the Acquisition
	and in order to provide financing therefor, BRJ LLC entered into the following debt agreements (the “Debt Agreements”).


	 



	Credit Facility



	 


	Under its credit agreement with KeyBank,
	N.A, BRJ LLC may borrow up to an aggregate amount of $6,000,000 (the “Credit Facility”) under revolving loans and letters
	of credit, with a sublimit of $500,000 for letters of credit. The Credit Facility is payable upon demand of KeyBank, N.A., or the
	lenders, or upon acceleration as a result of an event of default. At the closing of the Acquisition, $1,500,000 was drawn under
	the Credit Facility to pay a portion of the purchase price and costs associated with the Acquisition, with the balance being available
	for general working capital of BRJ LLC.


	 






	 


	 F-

	15



	 







	 




	 


	Interest under the Credit Facility is payable
	monthly, starting on November 30, 2016, and accrues pursuant to the “base rate” of interest, which is equal to the
	highest of (a) KeyBank, N.A.’s prime rate, (b) one-half of one percent (0.50%) in excess of the Federal Funds Effective Rate
	of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, and (c) one hundred (100) basis points in excess of the London Interbank Offered Rate
	for loans in Eurodollars with an interest period of one month, plus any applicable margin. The Credit Agreement also requires the
	payment of certain fees, including, but not limited to, letter of credit fees.


	 


	The Credit Facility is secured by substantially
	all of BJR LLC’s assets. The Credit Facility contains customary financial and other covenant requirements, including, but
	not limited to, a covenant to not permit BRJ LLC’s consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio to exceed 1.15 to 1.00. The Credit
	Facility also contains customary events of default.


	 



	Subordinated Loan



	 


	Pursuant to a loan and security agreement
	(the “Loan Agreement”) , the Company agreed to loan BRJ LLC $7,500,000 (the “Subordinated Loan”). The Company
	participated $358,696 contribution of the Subordinated Loan to BRJ Acquisition Partners, LLC, an entity owned by individuals affiliated
	with BRJ Inc. and Lorraine Capital, LLC. The Subordinated Loan accrues interest at a rate of 6% per annum, payable quarterly on
	the first day of each calendar quarter. BRJ LLC is required to repay a portion of the principal amount of the Subordinated Loan
	on each anniversary of the execution of the Loan Agreement. The Subordinated Loan matures on November 1, 2021 and is secured by
	substantially all of BJR LLC’s assets. The Subordinated Loan and the security interest created under the Loan Agreement are
	subordinated to the Credit Facility and the security interest of the lenders under the Credit Facility. All of the covenants contained
	in the Credit Agreement are incorporated by reference in the Loan Agreement. The Loan Agreement contains customary events of default,
	including in the case of an event of default under the Credit Facility.


	 




	BRJ Inc. had net sales of approximately $27,613,000 and
	net income of $1,700,000 for the year ending December 31, 2015. The Company is in the process of determining the fair value
	of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The assets and liabilities are expected to include working capital items,
	equipment, separately identifiable intangible assets, deferred taxes and goodwill, if any. The evaluation will be completed
	during the measurement period following the Acquisition.


	 


	BRJ LLC will be presented in
	the consolidated financial statements of the Company for the periods subsequent to the Acquisition date.


	 






	 


	 F-

	16



	 









	 




	 







	SIGNATURES



	 


	In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
	Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.


	 




	 


	 




	REGIONAL BRANDS INC.






	 


	 


	 





	December 29, 2016




	By:




	/s/ Fred DiSanto





	 


	 



	Fred DiSanto





	 


	 



	Chief Executive Officer





	 


	 



	(Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer)





	 


	Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
	of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company and in the capacities and on the date
	indicated.


	 





	December 29, 2016




	By:




	/s/
	Fred DiSanto






	 




	 




	Fred DiSanto






	 




	 




	Chief Executive Officer and Director






	 




	 




	(Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting
	Officer)






	 




	 




	 






	December 29, 2016




	By:




	/s/ Carl
	Grassi






	 




	 




	Carl Grassi






	 




	 




	Chairman of the Board






	 




	 




	 






	December 29, 2016




	By:




	/s/ Brian
	Hopkins






	 




	 




	Brian Hopkins






	 




	 




	Director






	 




	 




	 






	December 29, 2016




	By:




	/s/ Jeff
	Anderson






	 




	 




	Jeff Anderson






	 




	 




	Director





	 






	 



	32



	 















	 


	Exhibit 21.1



	 




	Subsidiaries



	 






	Name






	Jurisdiction of Organization






	 


	 





	B.R. Johnson, LLC

	(1)





	Delaware





	 






	 




	 






	(1)


	76.17% of common membership interests and 95.22% of preferred
	membership interests owned.




	 




	 












	 


	Exhibit 31.1


	 




	Certification
	Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

	By Principal Executive Officer


	 


	I, Fred
	DiSanto, certify that:


	 


	1. I have reviewed this
	Annual Report on Form 10-K of Regional Brands Inc .("Registrant') for the fiscal year September 30, 2016.


	 


	2. Based on my knowledge,
	this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
	made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
	this report;


	 


	3. Based on my knowledge,
	the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
	financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;


	 


	4. The registrant’s
	other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
	in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
	13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


	 


	a. Designed such
	disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
	ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
	within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


	 


	b. Designed such
	internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
	to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
	external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


	 


	c. Evaluated the
	effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
	effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
	and


	 


	d. Disclosed in
	this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s
	most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
	or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and


	 


	5. The registrant’s
	other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
	to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing
	the equivalent functions):


	 


	a. All significant
	deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
	likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and


	 


	b. Any fraud,
	whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal
	control over financial reporting.


	 


	Dated: December 29, 2016


	 




	 



	/s/ Fred DiSanto





	 



	Fred
	DiSanto, Principal Executive Officer






	 






	 












	 




	Exhibit 31.2




	 Certification Pursuant
	to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

	By Principal Financial Officer


	 


	I, Fred
	DiSanto, certify that:


	 


	1. I have reviewed this
	Annual Report on Form 10-K of Regional Brands Inc .("Registrant') for the fiscal year September 30, 2016.


	 


	2. Based on my knowledge,
	this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
	made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
	this report;


	 


	3. Based on my knowledge,
	the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
	financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;


	 


	4. The registrant’s
	other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
	in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
	13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


	 


	a. Designed such
	disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
	ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
	within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


	 


	b. Designed such
	internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
	to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
	external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


	 


	c. Evaluated the
	effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
	effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
	and


	 


	d. Disclosed in
	this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s
	most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
	or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and


	 


	5. The registrant’s
	other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
	to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing
	the equivalent functions):


	 


	a. All significant
	deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
	likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and


	 


	b. Any fraud,
	whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal
	control over financial reporting.


	 


	Dated: December 29, 2016




	 






	 



	/s/ Fred DiSanto





	 



	Fred
	DiSanto, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer








	 








	 














	 


	Exhibit 32


	 




	Written Certification

	Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350


	 


	Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
	Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned hereby certifies in his capacity
	as Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer of Regional Brands Inc. (the “Company”) that


	 


	(a)  the Annual
	Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year September 30, 2016 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
	of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and


	 


	(b)  the information
	contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company at the end of such period
	and the results of operations of the Company for such period.


	 


	Dated: December 29, 2016


	 




	 


	/s

	/ Fred DiSanto





	 



	Fred
	DiSanto, Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer






	 






	 
















Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




9:19 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:18aGet ready for the less-profitable Amazon that you used to know 
9:18a‘Skinny’ repeal of Obamacare fails to pass in late-night Senate vote
9:17aGold turns higher as dollar holds loss after GDP report shows as-expected rebound
9:14aScaramucci provides a shocking Bannon comparison that defies anatomy
9:13aStock futures trim losses after GDP data; tech shares weight on Nasdaq 
9:12aMattel stock price target cut to $22 from $24 at D.A. Davidson
9:11aStarbucks stock price target cut to $67 from $70 at Instinet
9:11aMasterCard stock price target raised to $153 from $134 at Instinet
9:11aCan Snap fall even more as lockups expire?
9:10aA high-powered Florida couple announces their ‘Trump Divorce’
9:10aVerizon stock price target raised to $47 from $46 at Instinet
9:10aAmazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift
9:09aKLA-Tencor stock price target raised to $100 from $95 at Instinet
9:09aU.S. GDP speeds up to 2.6% in 2nd quarter 
9:08aHot Pie from ‘Game of Thrones’ is selling direwolf bread in real life
9:08aEllie Mae's stock set for record selloff after results disappoints, outlook slashed
9:00aStock market set to extend fresh tech rout as Amazon disappoints; GDP data ahead
8:54aAtlantic Media selling ownership stake to organization run by Laurene Powell Jobs
8:50aRetail investors wait this long to dive into IPOs
8:44aMerck expects June cyberattack to affect company's 2017 financial performance
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




9:19 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:18aGet ready for the less-profitable Amazon that you used to know 
9:18a‘Skinny’ repeal of Obamacare fails to pass in late-night Senate vote
9:17aGold turns higher as dollar holds loss after GDP report shows as-expected rebound
9:14aScaramucci provides a shocking Bannon comparison that defies anatomy
9:13aStock futures trim losses after GDP data; tech shares weight on Nasdaq 
9:12aMattel stock price target cut to $22 from $24 at D.A. Davidson
9:11aStarbucks stock price target cut to $67 from $70 at Instinet
9:11aMasterCard stock price target raised to $153 from $134 at Instinet
9:11aCan Snap fall even more as lockups expire?
9:10aA high-powered Florida couple announces their ‘Trump Divorce’
9:10aVerizon stock price target raised to $47 from $46 at Instinet
9:10aAmazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift
9:09aKLA-Tencor stock price target raised to $100 from $95 at Instinet
9:09aU.S. GDP speeds up to 2.6% in 2nd quarter 
9:08aHot Pie from ‘Game of Thrones’ is selling direwolf bread in real life
9:08aEllie Mae's stock set for record selloff after results disappoints, outlook slashed
9:00aStock market set to extend fresh tech rout as Amazon disappoints; GDP data ahead
8:54aAtlantic Media selling ownership stake to organization run by Laurene Powell Jobs
8:50aRetail investors wait this long to dive into IPOs
8:44aMerck expects June cyberattack to affect company's 2017 financial performance
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











RGBD Stock Price - Regional Brands Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: OTC) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











DJIA F

21,707


-36


-0.17%











S&P F

2,465.50


-6.50


-0.26%











NASDAQ F

5,875.75


-33.75


-0.57%











Gold

1,270.10


3.60


0.28%











Silver

16.65


0.077


0.46%











Crude Oil

49.20


0.16


0.33%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



ADP 
9.1




TSCO 
7.7




VZ 
7.7




ORLY 
7.4






CA
-10.2




JCI
-7.3




FFIV
-7.2




XL
-6.7














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








9:18a

‘Skinny’ repeal of Obamacare fails to pass in late-night Senate vote



9:18a

Updated
Get ready for the less-profitable Amazon that you used to know 



9:17a

Updated
Gold turns higher as dollar holds loss after GDP report shows as-expected rebound



9:14a

Scaramucci provides a shocking Bannon comparison that defies anatomy



9:12a

Updated
Stock futures trim losses after GDP data; tech shares weight on Nasdaq 



9:12a

Mattel stock price target cut to $22 from $24 at D.A. Davidson



9:11a

Starbucks stock price target cut to $67 from $70 at Instinet



9:10a

MasterCard stock price target raised to $153 from $134 at Instinet



9:10a

Updated
Can Snap fall even more as lockups expire?



9:10a

A high-powered Florida couple announces their ‘Trump Divorce’












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


RGBD


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors

 



RGBD
U.S.: OTC


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Regional Brands Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateRGBDAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jun 27, 2017 5:19 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
15.00



0.00
0.00%






Previous Close




$15.0000





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




49.81% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    2
                


                65 Day Avg. - 4
            





Open: 0.00
Close: 15.00



0.0000
Day Low/High
0.0000





Day Range



13.0000
52 Week Low/High
35.0000


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$0.00



Day Range
0.0000 - 0.0000



52 Week Range
13.0000 - 35.0000



Market Cap
$21.67M



Shares Outstanding
1.28M



Public Float
1.15M



Beta
n/a



Rev. per Employee
$101.7K



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
$-1.34



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
n/a
n/a


% of Float Shorted
n/a



Average Volume
4.02




 


Performance




5 Day


0.00%







1 Month


0.00%







3 Month


0.00%







YTD


-6.25%







1 Year


-66.67%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






10-Q: REGIONAL BRANDS INC.
10-Q: REGIONAL BRANDS INC.

May. 12, 2017 at 4:08 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-K: REGIONAL BRANDS INC.


Dec. 29, 2016 at 3:24 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 4/28/16: Performance Sports, Durect, Opko Health, Caterpillar


Apr. 29, 2016 at 2:53 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha









Clear Channel Airports Signs New Five-Year Exclusive Deal with Bangor 
      International Airport (BGR) to Provide Comprehensive Advertising Program
Clear Channel Airports Signs New Five-Year Exclusive Deal with Bangor 
      International Airport (BGR) to Provide Comprehensive Advertising Program

Jul. 18, 2017 at 10:43 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Regional Brands Inc. Partners with Private Equity Firm Lorraine Capital, LLC to Acquire B.R. Johnson


Nov. 3, 2016 at 1:53 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF











Regional Brands Inc.


            
            Regional Brands, Inc. is a holding company, which engages in the manufacture and trade of hardware products. It offers a range of commercial windows that are made in aluminum, clad wood, fiberglass, vinyl, and steel. The company was founded in 1986 and is headquartered in Mayfield Heights, OH.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  



 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




Sycamore Entertainment Group Inc.
0.00%
$1.37M


theglobe.com inc.
-17.24%
$529.78K




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AMZN

-0.65%








SBUX

2.69%








INTC

0.63%








XOM

0.57%








IMGN

-1.62%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.












Regional Brands | American Industrial Manufacturers of Building Materials





























 Tweet
  








Home|Contact|News and Media 








Products and Project Pictures




White Reflective Roof Coatings and Accessories
Aluminum Reflective Roof Coatings
Energy Star Products
Mastics and Adhesives




Driveway Coatings and Maintenance Products
Roof and Foundation Coatings
Emulsion Coatings
Liquid Air Barrier and Waterproofing




Caulks and Sealants
Primers
Specialty Products
Industrial/Commercial Coatings




Private Label Products
Product Catalog & Literature
Project Pictures



View All AIM Products By
Product Type
Application




Regional Brands


Tools




Frequently Asked Questions
Dew Point Calculator
Additional Tools






Locate your AIM Contact




By Region Map
By Zip Code






Contact




Contact Us
Social Media
AIM Blog
Careers






Corporate




About Us
Environmental Policy Statement
News and Media
Industry Resources
Production Facilities
Corporate Profile Brochure
Product Catalog and Literature





 









Connect With AIM

Please complete the following to have an AIM representative contact you.





















I am a...DistributorBusiness OwnerArchitect - SpecifierHomeownerContractorInternationalOther





Area of interest...White Reflective Roof Coatings and AccessoriesMastics and AdhesivesDriveway Coatings and Maintenance ProductsModified Bitumen RoofingAluminum Reflective Roof CoatingsRoof and Foundation CoatingsEmulsion CoatingsCaulks and SealantsLiquid Air Barrier and WaterproofingPrimersEnergy Star ProductsPrivate Label ProductsConsumer Specialty Products




Send me email updates about AIM products & services.






 


Regional Brands
 







 Click a Regional logo to visit company website.
At AIM, our company tagline is "The Brands Behind the Brand". And it's a reasonable question to ask: "Why is a company with a national brand touting its 'regional brands'?"
The reason we emphasize the regional brands of our company is because this a competitive difference between AIM and our competition, including many of the products sold nationally through multiple distribution channels.
Most national brands use a "one size fits all" approach - meaning that their formulations are offered independent of the location or region of a building project. This serves a manufacturer's interest to offer one product that serves the needs of many geographical areas of North America.
In contrast, at AIM, our products - whether roof coatings, cements or adhesives- are formulated for the distinct exterior weather extremes of various North American areas. For large building projects, especially construction or restoration of facilities located in multiple areas, this means a project manager can find an AIM product that is optimized for multiple distinct regions. --- without compromising quality. The generic formulations of many other national brands often requires a quality compromise: Simply put, what works in Pennsylvania may not be viable in Florida and vice-versa.AIM’s regional formulations also address varying VOC and associated regulatory requirements. AIM performs the background work to ensure that its formulas are within environmental compliance as AIM strives to reduce the regulatory concerns of AIM’s customers. See our Environmental Policy statement for more details.
Only at AIM, can you get not only the product selection that suits you but also regionally-optimized formulations to meet your premium building needs.












Industrial/Commercial Coatings
Products and Project Pictures
Regional Brands
Locate your AIM Contact



Corporate
Contact
News and Media
Privacy Policy



FAQs
Terms of Use

 


                © 2012 Copyright American Industrial Manufacturersof Building Products, Inc. - All Rights Reserved



















Regional Branded Products






















REGIONAL
Latin America
More coming soon!



|
Investor Relations
|
Careers
|
Events
|
Contact Us














Regional Branded Products
DistributionNOW offers a variety of branded products that are available for specific regions. The following product groups add value for our customers in the regions they operate within, while contributing their expertise to the DNOW family.




Canada
Dura Products
Dura Products, a DistributionNOW Company based in Canada, focuses on the design and manufacture of high end rod pumping systems and production accessories. They strive to provide superior quality, fit for purpose equipment that will provide their customers with the most cost effective method of producing hydrocarbons.

Product Guide
Product Catalog
Auto Deployment and Retrieval Tool (DART) Product Sheet
Quick Change Packing System Product Sheet
Universal Pump Hold Down Product Sheet

Full Tilt Field Services
Full Tilt, a DistributionNOW Company based in Canada, is focused on mechanical field service, articulating and boom cranes, and custom truck deck systems and service bodies. Through our Full Tilt field service base in Lloydminster, AB, DistributionNOW provides a "one stop" experience for these capabilities, with a focus on superior customer service.

Product and Service Guide

Shearer Power Systems
Shearer, a DistributionNOW Company based in Canada, specializes in new and remanufactured single- and multi-cylinder oilfield engines, commercial generators, parts, and service. Located in Edmonton, AB, they have more than 30 years of experience providing solutions for all of their customers’ engine needs. Their broad selection of products and the availability of their knowledgeable, certified mechanics ensure the quickest and most economical solutions.

Product Guide

Europe
Capital Valves
DistributionNOW Capital Valves is a sales and service organization within DNOW that specializes in major turnkey projects for both manual operated and actuated valves for the oil and gas industry. Acquired by DistributionNOW in 2011, and with a legacy spanning more than 30 years, Capital Valves is a reliable expert and trusted partner for all your valve project needs.

Capital Valves Flyer | A4 version
Capital Valves ISO 9001 Certificate

Kazakhstan
Group KZ
Group KZ, a division of DistributionNOW based in Kazakhstan, specializes in personal protective equipment (PPE), uniforms, safety equipment, oilfield supplies, and special procurement. They are experts in the supply chain, transportation, logistics, customs regulations and stock management necessary to operate in the Kazakhstan business environment. Group KZ customizes and logos products through state-of-the-art embroidery and heat-sealing machinery, and also manufactures products in Kazakhstan in partnership with two local garment manufacturers.



contact us
resource center




 


Request a Quote

Capital Valves


Dura Products












Artificial Lift
Drilling Products
Electrical
Fabrication
Fittings, Flanges, Gaskets, & Fasteners
Instrumentation
Machine Tools and Manufacturing Supplies
Mill & Industrial Supplies
Paint & Coatings
Pipe & Tubing
Power Transmission
Production Equipment
Pumps
Regional Branded Products
Safety & PPE
Tools
Valves
Valve Actuation & Automation




Affiliated Brands
Case Studies
Corporate Development
Customer Priority One
Diversity
News
UK Slavery Act Statement
Vision, Guiding Principles, & Core Values




Artificial Lift Solutions
Export Solutions
Industrial Vending
Innovation & Technology
Machine Tools and Manufacturing Services
Project Management
RigPAC®
RigStore®
Safety Services
Supply Chain Services
Tank Batteries
Tubing Reclamation
Valve Actuation Solutions
Warehouse & Inventory Management
Water Management




Chemical Processing
Drilling
Exploration & Production
Industrial Manufacturing
Midstream
Refining & Petrochemical
Utilities & Gas Distribution




Certificates
Policy & Goals












Regional Steel Products, Inc.
















regional steel products, inc.







Home
About Us
Products
Credit App/Tax Forms
Contacts
Driving Directions
Employment













Regional Steel Now Offers CNC CopingOne of the most time-consuming and labor intensive jobs for steel fabricators is laying out and burning copes...until now.Regional Steel now offers CNC Coping in an effort to help our customers save time, dramatically reduce their overhead expense, and to get their finished products to their customers faster than ever before.Our CNC Coping machine is the only commercially available coping machine of its type in the gulf bend region. Call today for a quote and/or a guided tour! 1-800-341-3344





























Regional Steel Awarded Safety Excellence AwardFor the second consecutive year, Regional Steel Products, Inc. was awarded the "Safety Excellence" award by the Contractors Safety Council of the Coastal Bend.This award represents 80,000 hours worked in 2010 with 0 injuries, 0 lost time injuries, and 0 OSHA recordable injuries.Ryan Berg, warehouse supervisor, received the award personally on behalf of Regional Steel. "I am honored to accept the Safety Excellence Award. This award is a credit to the dedication of our entire company's commitment to safety. We have made safety our number on priority and our first core value", Berg stated at the ceremony. According to the award, it recognizes outstanding efforts to provide a safe workplace and make continuous improvements in safety management and performance. 




















1,000,000 Safe Miles!!Congratulations to Regional Steel Products, Inc truck drivers for recently passing a major milestone in safe operations-1,000,000 safe miles!Our fleet is a comprehensive, full-service department that is designed to meet the shipping needs of our customers. "Our drivers realize that safe and courteous driving are equally as important as timely and correct deliveries and each driver excels at accomplishing both", said Elton Calhoun, President of Regional Steel.Chad Hall, Operations Manager, commended the fleet department as well by saying "Regional Steel has a strong commitment to safety as a means of not only having healthy and happy employees, but also as a means to meet our customers' needs. Safe operations means dependability that our customers can trust." At Regional Steel Products, we want to be there whenever our customers need us and top-class safety performance means a full-service fleet always ready to deliver.All drivers were awarded with new logbook covers with our company logo branded with their 1 million mile accomplishment.We are grateful for our drivers' years of safe driving and excellent service to our customers!

































Our mission is to meet or exceed our customers expectations through our commitment to safety, customer service, teamwork, communication, and developing relationships based on trust with our customers, employees, and community. 
































Regional Brands Inc, RGBD:PKC profile - FT.com


















Subscribe


Sign In








Menu


Search




Financial Times




myFT










Search the FT


					Search
				






Search the FT


					Search
				

Close









MarketsMarkets DataEquities







Financial TimesCloseSearch theFTSearch

Equities


Regional Brands IncRGBD:PKCSelect symbolUnited StatesRGBD:PKCOTC Pink - Current InformationRegional Brands IncActionsAdd to watchlistAdd to portfolioAdd an alertFinancialsFinancial ServicesPrice (USD)15.00Today's Change0.00 / 0.00%Shares traded0.001 Year change-50.00%Beta0.8686Data delayed at least 15 minutes.More ▼ApplyCancelActionsAdd to Your WatchlistsNew watchlistNameCancelAddAdd to Your PortfolioNew portfolioNameCurrencySelect a currencyUK Pound (GBP)Argentinian Nuevo Peso (ARS)Australian Dollar (AUD)Bahraini Dinar (BHD)Brunei Dollar (BND)Brazilian Real (BRL)Canadian Dollar (CAD)Chilean Peso (CLP)Chinese Yuan Renminbi (CNY)Czech Koruna (CZK)Danish Krone (DKK)Egyptian Pound (EGP)Euro (EUR)Fiji Dollar (FJD)Hong Kong Dollar (HKD)Hungarian Forint (HUF)Israeli Shekel (ILS)Indian Rupee (INR)Indonesian Rupiah (IDR)Japanese Yen (JPY)Kuwaiti Dinar (KWD)Sri Lankan Rupee (LKR)Moroccan Dirham (MAD)Malaysian Ringgit (MYR)Mexican New Peso (MXN)New Zealand Dollar (NZD)Norwegian Krone (NOK)Omani Rial (OMR)Peruvian New Sol (PEN)Papua New Guinean Kina (PGK)Philippine Peso (PHP)Pakistani Rupee (PKR)Polish New Zloty (PLN)Russian Ruble (RUB)Saudi Riyal (SAR)Solomon Islands Dollar (SBD)Seychelles Rupee (SCR)Singapore Dollar (SGD)South African Rand (ZAR)Republic of Korean Won (KRW)Swedish Krona (SEK)Swiss Franc (CHF)Tongan Pa'anga (TOP)Taiwan Dollar (TWD)Thai Baht (THB)Turkish Lira (TRY)UAE Dirham (AED)Vietnamese Dong (VND)Vanuatu Vatu (VUV)Samoan Tala (WST)French Pacific Franc (XPF)US Dollar (USD)Ghana Cedi (GHS)Nigeria Naira (NGN)Ukraine Hryvnia (UAH)Kenya Shilling (KES)CancelContinueYour alertsDoneYou must be a registered user to save alerts.  Please sign in or register.





Profile data is unavailable for this security.About the companyRegional Brands Inc., formerly 4net Software, Inc., is a holding company, which is formed to acquire ownership in regional companies. The Company's products and services include commercial windows, commercial doors and hardware, commercial specialty products, and residential windows and door. B.R. Johnson, LLC (BRJ LLC) is a subsidiary of the Company. BRJ LLC owns interests in BRJ Inc., which is a seller and distributor of windows, doors and related hardware, as well as specialty products for use in commercial and residential buildings (the Business). The Company's product categories include commercial doors and hardware; commercial windows; specialty division, consisting of operable partitions, movable glass walls, fire and smoke containment systems and gymnasium equipment; residential windows; residential hardware, and aftermarket door sales.Revenue in USD (TTM)15.49mNet income in USD-868.32kIncorporated1986Employees1.00LocationRegional Brands Inc6060 Parkland Blvd Ste 200CLEVELAND 44124-4226United StatesUSAPhone+1 (216) 825-4000Fax+1 (216) 825-4001Websitehttp://www.regionalbrandsinc.com/More ▼Peer analysisKey InformationKey InformationStock PerformancePer Share DataEfficiencyManagement EffectivenessProfitabilityFinancial StrengthGrowth RatesCompanyRevenue (TTM)Net income (TTM)Market capEmployeesPrice/earnings (TTM)Price/book value (MRQ)Price/cash flow (TTM)Price/sales (TTM)EPS (excl. extraordinary items, TTM)EPS (incl. extraordinary items, TTM)Revenue per share (TTM)Book value per share (MRQ)Asset turnover (TTM)Inventory turnover (TTM)Receivables turnover (TTM)Revenues per employee (TTM)Return on avg assets (TTM)Return on avg assets (5 yr avg)Return on investment (TTM)Return on investment (5 yr avg)Gross margin (TTM)Gross margin(5 yr avg)Net profit margin (TTM)Net Profit margin(5 yr avg)Quick ratio (MRQ)Interest coverage (TTM)Total debt to capital (MRQ)Payout ratio(5 yr avg)Revenue(YOY change %)Revenue(5 yr growth rate)Net income(YOY change %)Net income(5 yr growth rate)Capital expenditure(5 yr growth rate)Dividend(5 yr growth rate)NZCH Corp0.00-133.90k15.05m3.00--19.53-----0.0027-0.00270.000.01540.00-------15.81-11.80-16.30-12.05------------0.00------243.31------Avix Technologies, Inc.0.00-724.02k15.94m43.00--5.33-----2.06-2.060.000.08680.00-------361.69------------------0.7845-------38.42------Market Vectors Environmental Service ETF362.27k988.57k16.30m--28.271.26--44.992.882.881.4564.570.0173--1,393.35--4.73--5.67--68.01--272.88------0.00---10.52---78.85------CoConnect Inc.0.00-102.27k17.01m0.00---------0.0333-0.03330.00-0.00560.00-------670.18-154.26---------------267.33---------511,250.00------Rand Capital Corporation1.17m-1.34m17.70m4.00--0.5486--15.18-0.2126-0.21260.18445.100.0269--4.04---3.104.80-3.295.0073.4089.19-115.2883.96---1.070.1954---63.47-4.40-180.17------Whiting USA Trust II3.12m2.37m18.40m0.007.750.8155--5.910.1290.1290.16941.230.1203------9.1639.119.1639.11----76.1697.57----0.00100.00-84.77---87.19------Ability Inc10.84m-10.81m19.06m17.00--2.84--1.76-0.4398-0.43980.4410.26020.3078--3.48---30.69---58.81--44.48---99.71--1.24-------68.35---154.59------Regional Brands Inc15.49m-868.32k19.12m1.00--1.2056.071.23-0.9156-0.915620.8312.551.31-------7.64---9.78--27.70---5.83--2.44-1.120.276--------------BMB Munai Inc.0.00-578.14k20.53m0.00---------0.002-0.0020.00-0.00060.00-------6.69-10.80---45.59---------------------17.51------Eaton Vance Michigan Municipal Bond Fund-100.00bn-100.00bn20.61m--------------------------------------------------------------Horizon Minerals Corp0.00-149.79k22.21m0.00--60.91-----0.0017-0.00170.000.00380.00-------58.33-123.72-120.13-2,971.74-----------4.510.2003-------141.50------BLDRS Asia 50 ADR Index (ETF)-100.00bn-100.00bn22.55m----------------------------5.65--5.76--95.94--224.15------38.02-0.7297-13.57-95.55-----5.16CKX Lands Inc773.86k116.50k22.98m0.00197.271.66196.0829.700.060.060.39847.120.0536--12.03--0.80657.080.8227.1291.6792.7115.0547.31----0.00---18.71-15.34-63.14-29.095.43--Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund-100.00bn-100.00bn23.08m--------------------------------------------------------------Data as of --. Currency figures normalised to Regional Brands Inc's reporting currency: US Dollar USDInstitutional shareholdersTop holdersMovers30.54%Per cent of shares held by top holdersHolderShares% HeldAncora Advisors LLCas of 17 Mar 2017388.95k30.51%KCG Americas LLCas of 30 Jun 2016467.000.04%Click or tap a row for detailsHolderShares boughtShares heldKCG Americas LLC+128.00 / +37.76%467.00Ancora Advisors LLC0.00 / 0.00%388.95kHolderShares soldShares heldKCG Americas LLC0.00 / +37.76%467.00Ancora Advisors LLC0.00 / 0.00%388.95kData from 31 Mar 2017 - 31 Mar 2017Source: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 
Income statement (USD)Year on year Regional Brands Inc's net income fell 1,155.03% from a loss of 39.76k to a larger loss of 499.00k despite revenues that grew -- from 0.00 to 6.75m.FT Lexicon{0}{0}{2}{0}{0}{2}For more information, visit the FT LexiconLexicon on this pageExplore our toolsAlertsData archivePortfolioWorld marketsEquities screenerFunds overview



 © Thomson Reuters Click for restrictions
All markets data located on FT.com is subject to the FT Terms & ConditionsAll content on FT.com is for your general information and use only and is not intended to address your particular requirements. In particular, the content does not constitute any form of advice, recommendation, representation, endorsement or arrangement by FT and is not intended to be relied upon by users in making (or refraining from making) any specific investment or other decisions.Any information that you receive via FT.com is at best delayed intraday data and not "real time". Share price information may be rounded up/down and therefore not entirely accurate. FT is not responsible for any use of content by you outside its scope as stated in the FT Terms & Conditions.







					Welcome to the FT.com Markets Data
				

					We’re constantly improving and would like to hear from you.
				


Provide Feedback

















 




Regional Brands, Inc.






































Regional Brands, Inc.


































