




























Reilly Financial Advisors LLC Sells 4,242 Shares of Aetna Inc. (AET) - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for Aetna Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Aetna Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

OM Asset Management PLC (NYSE:OMAM) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Thursday
NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NASDAQ:NXPI) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday
National Storage Affiliates Trust (NSA) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday
Preferred Bank (NASDAQ:PFBC) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows
Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Earns Overweight Rating from Barclays PLC
NovoCure Limited (NASDAQ:NVCR) Releases Quarterly  Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.01 EPS
Materion Corporation (NYSE:MTRN) Announces Quarterly  Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.02 EPS
Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:KERX) Rating Lowered to Hold at BidaskClub
Intel Corporation (INTC) Upgraded at BidaskClub
Head to Head Review: Ralph Lauren Corporation (RL) and Tumi Holdings (TUMI)
ANSYS (NASDAQ:ANSS) & Electronic Arts (EA) Financial Contrast
First Financial Northwest, Inc. (FFNW) Announces  Earnings Results
Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact CytomX Therapeutics (CTMX) Share Price
Franklin Financial Network (FSB) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Finds
Carter’s, Inc. (NYSE:CRI) Issues Quarterly  Earnings Results
Chimera Investment Corporation (CIM) Upgraded by BidaskClub to “Buy”
Canadian National Railway Company (NYSE:CNI) Rating Lowered to Hold at BidaskClub
ConocoPhillips (COP) Rating Increased to Hold at ValuEngine
Constellium N.V. (NYSE:CSTM) Rating Lowered to Hold at BidaskClub
BidaskClub Lowers Quest Diagnostics Incorporated (NYSE:DGX) to Hold



 


Reilly Financial Advisors LLC Sells 4,242 Shares of Aetna Inc. (AET)

					Posted by Rex Bailey on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












Reilly Financial Advisors LLC lowered its stake in  Aetna Inc. (NYSE:AET) by 5.5% during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 72,843 shares of the company’s stock after selling 4,242 shares during the period. Aetna comprises  1.7% of Reilly Financial Advisors LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 18th largest position. Reilly Financial Advisors LLC’s holdings in Aetna were worth $11,060,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Other large investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. BlackRock Inc. boosted its position in shares of  Aetna by 3,374.9% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 30,712,219 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,917,344,000 after buying an additional 29,828,390 shares during the last quarter.  Vanguard Group Inc. raised its stake in shares of  Aetna by 3.8% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 23,117,526 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,948,640,000 after buying an additional 838,578 shares during the period.  FMR LLC raised its stake in shares of  Aetna by 2.2% in the first quarter. FMR LLC now owns 7,903,233 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,008,059,000 after buying an additional 167,261 shares during the period.  Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its stake in shares of  Aetna by 3.9% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 4,378,982 shares of the company’s stock valued at $558,540,000 after buying an additional 165,278 shares during the period.  Finally, Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its stake in shares of  Aetna by 0.6% in the first quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 3,962,514 shares of the company’s stock valued at $505,399,000 after buying an additional 21,953 shares during the period. 91.80% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 


 Get Aetna Inc. alerts:



Shares of Aetna Inc. (AET) opened at 156.31 on Monday. Aetna Inc. has a 1-year low of $104.59 and a 1-year high of $156.49. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $151.67 and its 200-day moving average price is $135.46. The firm has a market cap of $51.85 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 47.67 and a beta of 0.54. 




Aetna (NYSE:AET) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The company reported $2.71 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $2.36 by $0.35. The firm had revenue of $15.17 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $15.39 billion. Aetna had a return on equity of 17.75% and a net margin of 1.84%. Aetna’s quarterly revenue was down 3.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $2.30 earnings per share.  Equities analysts expect that  Aetna Inc. will post $8.99 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, July 28th. Investors of record on Thursday, July 13th will be given a dividend of $0.50 per share. This represents a $2.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.28%. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, July 11th. Aetna’s payout ratio is 62.31%. 
WARNING: This news story was  posted by Week Herald and is the property of of Week Herald. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this news story can be read at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/24/reilly-financial-advisors-llc-sells-4242-shares-of-aetna-inc-aet.html. 
Several brokerages recently issued reports on AET. UBS AG  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $160.00 price objective (up from $147.00) on shares of Aetna in a report on Wednesday, May 17th. Argus  reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $165.00 price target (up from $145.00) on shares of Aetna in a research note on Tuesday, May 30th. Credit Suisse Group  reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $155.00 price target on shares of Aetna in a research note on Wednesday, May 17th. Cleveland Research upgraded shares of Aetna from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, May 11th. Finally, ValuEngine upgraded shares of Aetna from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, June 2nd. Seven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eighteen have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $152.84.
In other Aetna news, Chairman Mark T. Bertolini sold 103,547 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, May 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $140.79, for a total value of $14,578,382.13. Following the transaction, the chairman now owns 659,888 shares in the company, valued at $92,905,631.52. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, EVP Margaret M. Mccarthy sold 27,028 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, June 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $149.23, for a total value of $4,033,388.44. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 33,563 shares in the company, valued at approximately $5,008,606.49. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 1.14% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. 
Aetna Company Profile
Aetna Inc is a diversified healthcare benefits company. The Company operates through three segments: Health Care, Group Insurance and Large Case Pensions. It offers a range of traditional, voluntary and consumer-directed health insurance products and related services, including medical, pharmacy, dental, behavioral health, group life and disability plans, medical management capabilities, Medicaid healthcare management services, Medicare Advantage and Medicare Supplement plans, workers’ compensation administrative services and health information technology (HIT) products and services.







Receive News & Ratings for Aetna Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aetna Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




OM Asset Management PLC  Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Thursday





National Storage Affiliates Trust  Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday





NXP Semiconductors N.V.  Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday





Preferred Bank  Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows





Western Alliance Bancorporation  Earns Overweight Rating from Barclays PLC





NovoCure Limited  Releases Quarterly  Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.01 EPS






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 
































﻿




























Reilly Financial Advisors LLC Has $292,000 Stake in Biogen Inc. (BIIB) - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for Biogen Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Biogen Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

Alaska Air Group, Inc. (NYSE:ALK) Posts Quarterly  Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPS
Unifi, Inc. (UFI) Announces Quarterly  Earnings Results
American Capital Agency Corp. (AGNC) Posts  Earnings Results
Sensata Technologies Holding N.V. (ST) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance
Cellcom Israel (CEL) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.18
Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Anika Therapeutics (NASDAQ:ANIK) Stock Price
Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Titan International (TWI) Stock Price
U.S. Physical Therapy (USPH) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.19
MGP Ingredients (NASDAQ:MGPI) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows
Casella Waste Systems (CWST) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows
SandRidge Energy (NYSE:SD) Earns Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.17
Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect HomeStreet (NASDAQ:HMST) Share Price
Robert J. Regan Sells 28,640 Shares of AAR Corp. (NYSE:AIR) Stock
Reviewing Nice Systems (NASDAQ:NICE) and Paylocity Holding Corporation (PCTY)
Five Star Senior Living (NYSE:FVE) & Capital Senior Living Corporation (CSU) Head-To-Head Survey
Insider Selling: Upland Software, Inc. (UPLD) Major Shareholder Sells 91,280 Shares of Stock
RLI Corp. (NYSE:RLI) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research
Sierra Monitor Corp. (OTCMKTS:SRMC) To Go Ex-Dividend on July 28th
The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company (NASDAQ:GT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.10 on  September 1st
Caseys General Stores, Inc. (CASY) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.26



 


Reilly Financial Advisors LLC Has $292,000 Stake in Biogen Inc. (BIIB)

					Posted by Devon Dixon on Jul 27th, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












Reilly Financial Advisors LLC decreased its position in  Biogen Inc. (NASDAQ:BIIB) by 4.9% during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 1,075 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock after selling 55 shares during the period. Reilly Financial Advisors LLC’s holdings in Biogen were worth $292,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Pathstone Family Office LLC acquired a new position in shares of  Biogen during the first quarter worth about $102,000.  Prentiss Smith & Co. Inc. raised its position in shares of  Biogen by 14.9% in the second quarter. Prentiss Smith & Co. Inc. now owns 385 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $104,000 after buying an additional 50 shares during the period.  Crestwood Advisors Group LLC acquired a new position in shares of  Biogen during the first quarter worth about $106,000.  Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. raised its position in shares of  Biogen by 93.2% in the second quarter. Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. now owns 454 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $123,000 after buying an additional 219 shares during the period.  Finally, Winfield Associates Inc. raised its position in shares of  Biogen by 16.8% in the first quarter. Winfield Associates Inc. now owns 467 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $128,000 after buying an additional 67 shares during the period. Institutional investors own  87.50% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Biogen Inc. alerts:



Biogen Inc. (NASDAQ:BIIB) opened at 295.61 on Thursday. Biogen Inc. has a 52 week low of $244.28 and a 52 week high of $307.76. The stock has a market cap of $62.70 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.51 and a beta of 0.78. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $272.62 and a 200-day moving average price of $273.66. 




Biogen (NASDAQ:BIIB) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, July 25th. The biotechnology company reported $5.04 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $4.36 by $0.68. Biogen had a return on equity of 37.42% and a net margin of 28.10%. The firm had revenue of $3.08 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.81 billion. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $5.21 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.4% on a year-over-year basis.  On average, equities research analysts predict that  Biogen Inc. will post $20.96 EPS for the current year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally  published by Week Herald and is the sole property of of Week Herald. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be read at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/27/reilly-financial-advisors-llc-has-292000-stake-in-biogen-inc-biib.html. 
A number of research analysts have issued reports on the company. UBS AG  reiterated a “neutral” rating and set a $285.00 price target (up previously from $270.00) on shares of Biogen in a research report on Wednesday. Sanford C. Bernstein  reiterated an “outperform” rating on shares of Biogen in a research report on Thursday, May 25th. Vetr downgraded Biogen from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $311.67 price objective on the stock. in a research note on Wednesday, June 21st. Deutsche Bank AG  reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $319.00 price objective (up previously from $315.00) on shares of Biogen in a research note on Wednesday. Finally, Cantor Fitzgerald  reissued a “neutral” rating on shares of Biogen in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. Fourteen analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, fifteen have issued  a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $327.16.
In other Biogen news, Director Brian S. Posner sold 1,084 shares of Biogen stock in a transaction dated Friday, June 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $256.31, for a total value of $277,840.04. Following the sale, the director now owns 6,330 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,622,442.30. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, EVP Susan H. Alexander sold 7,758 shares of Biogen stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, July 19th. The shares were sold at an average price of $285.00, for a total value of $2,211,030.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 27,232 shares in the company, valued at approximately $7,761,120. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 13,816 shares of company stock worth $3,931,380 in the last three months. Company insiders own  0.32% of the company’s stock. 
Biogen Company Profile
Biogen Inc is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company focuses on discovering, developing, manufacturing and delivering therapies to people living with serious neurological, rare and autoimmune diseases. The Company markets products, including TECFIDERA, AVONEX, PLEGRIDY, TYSABRI, ZINBRYTA and FAMPYRA for multiple sclerosis (MS), FUMADERM for the treatment of severe plaque psoriasis and SPINRAZA for the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy (SMA).
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BIIB? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Biogen Inc. (NASDAQ:BIIB).







Receive News & Ratings for Biogen Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Biogen Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Unifi, Inc.  Announces Quarterly  Earnings Results





Alaska Air Group, Inc.  Posts Quarterly  Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPS





Sensata Technologies Holding N.V.  Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance





American Capital Agency Corp.  Posts  Earnings Results





Cellcom Israel  Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.18





Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Anika Therapeutics  Stock Price






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 
































﻿

























Reilly Financial Advisors LLC Has $119,000 Position in W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for W.R. Grace & Co.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor W.R. Grace & Co. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Dover Corporation (NYSE:DOV) Upgraded by BidaskClub to Buy
Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) Given “Underperform” Rating at Wedbush
Deutsche Bank AG (NYSE:DB) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages
Shaw Communications Inc. (NYSE:SJR) Receives $27.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages
Masco Corporation (NYSE:MAS) Receives $39.88 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages
Halcon Resources Corporation’s (HK) Sell Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC
Raymond James Financial, Inc. Initiates Coverage on Internationa Flavors & Fragrances, Inc. (IFF)
Global Net Lease, Inc. (GNL) Raised to “Hold” at BidaskClub
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:IBKR) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research
Commercial Vehicle Group (CVGI) vs. Standard Motor Products (SMP) Head to Head Review
LightPath Technologies (NASDAQ:LPTH) vs. TearLab Corporation (TEAR) Head-To-Head Survey
FY2017 EPS Estimates for Marcus Corporation (The) Reduced by Analyst (MCS)
Marathon Oil Corporation (NYSE:MRO) Upgraded by Morgan Stanley to Equal Weight
Red Hat, Inc. (NYSE:RHT) Upgraded to “Buy” by Stifel Nicolaus
Axalta Coating Systems Ltd (NASDAQ:AXTA) Cut to “Underperform” at Bank of America Corporation
Varonis Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:VRNS) Raised to “Equal Weight” at Morgan Stanley
Comparing EVINE Live (EVLV) & The Michaels Companies (NASDAQ:MIK)
Lindsay Corporation (NYSE:LNN) Rating Reiterated by Sidoti
Oshkosh Corporation (NYSE:OSK) Downgraded by Bank of America Corporation
Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) Earns “Buy” Rating from Societe Generale


 


Reilly Financial Advisors LLC Has $119,000 Position in W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA)

Posted by Toi Williams on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments 

Reilly Financial Advisors LLC maintained its stake in shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (NYSE:GRA) during the second quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 1,651 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Reilly Financial Advisors LLC’s holdings in W.R. Grace & Co. were worth $119,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
A number of other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in GRA. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA raised its stake in shares of W.R. Grace & Co. by 309.6% in the first quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA now owns 9,573 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock valued at $667,000 after buying an additional 7,236 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its stake in shares of W.R. Grace & Co. by 3.7% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 382,017 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock valued at $26,629,000 after buying an additional 13,567 shares in the last quarter. US Bancorp DE raised its stake in shares of W.R. Grace & Co. by 7.2% in the first quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 2,284 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock valued at $159,000 after buying an additional 154 shares in the last quarter. Strs Ohio raised its stake in shares of W.R. Grace & Co. by 24.0% in the first quarter. Strs Ohio now owns 87,978 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock valued at $6,132,000 after buying an additional 17,000 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC bought a new stake in shares of W.R. Grace & Co. during the first quarter valued at approximately $589,000. 84.04% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 




W.R. Grace & Co. (NYSE GRA) traded up 1.58% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $72.17. The stock had a trading volume of 488,919 shares. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $70.99 and its 200 day moving average price is $70.25. The company has a market capitalization of $4.93 billion, a PE ratio of 36.90 and a beta of 1.14. W.R. Grace & Co. has a 52 week low of $63.37 and a 52 week high of $80.56. 


 Get W.R. Grace & Co. alerts:



W.R. Grace & Co. (NYSE:GRA) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The specialty chemicals company reported $0.68 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.63 by $0.05. W.R. Grace & Co. had a return on equity of 40.62% and a net margin of 8.08%. The company had revenue of $398 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $373.57 million. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.57 EPS. W.R. Grace & Co.’s revenue for the quarter was up 9.7% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts expect that W.R. Grace & Co. will post $3.37 EPS for the current year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Reilly Financial Advisors LLC Has $119,000 Position in W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA)” was published by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this report can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/22/reilly-financial-advisors-llc-has-119000-position-in-w-r-grace-co-gra.html. 
Several analysts recently commented on the company. TheStreet raised W.R. Grace & Co. from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a research note on Thursday, June 1st. Aegis reissued a “buy” rating on shares of W.R. Grace & Co. in a research note on Wednesday, May 31st. Vertical Research assumed coverage on W.R. Grace & Co. in a research note on Thursday, May 25th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $81.00 price objective on the stock. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) lowered W.R. Grace & Co. from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $83.00 price objective on the stock. in a research note on Thursday, June 8th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised W.R. Grace & Co. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, May 22nd. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $79.90.
In related news, VP William C. Dockman sold 4,940 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.02, for a total transaction of $345,898.80. Following the sale, the vice president now owns 6,275 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $439,375.50. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, VP Mark A. Shelnitz sold 26,853 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, June 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $71.44, for a total value of $1,918,378.32. Following the sale, the vice president now directly owns 83,437 shares in the company, valued at approximately $5,960,739.28. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 1.30% of the company’s stock. 
About W.R. Grace & Co.
W. R. Grace & Co (Grace) is engaged in the production and sale of specialty chemicals and specialty materials. The Company operates in two segments: Grace Catalysts Technologies and Grace Materials Technologies. The Grace Catalysts Technologies segment includes catalysts and related products and technologies used in refining, petrochemical and other chemical manufacturing applications. 
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GRA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for W.R. Grace & Co. (NYSE:GRA).

 
Receive News & Ratings for W.R. Grace & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for W.R. Grace & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














BBB Business Profile | Reilly Financial Advisors LLC





























Home
 > 
Accredited Business Directory
 > 
Financial Planning Consultants
 > 
Reilly Financial Advisors LLC














BBB Accredited Business Profile






Reilly Financial Advisors LLC



Request a Quote

































Reilly Financial Advisors LLC






            Business Information
        






(800) 682-3237

Reilly Financial Advisors LLC
19 years in business

        7777 Alvarado Rd #116
        La Mesa, CA 91941
    




                 WEBSITE
            





                    Fax Numbers
                


                            (619) 698-7260
                        




                    Additional Phone Numbers
                


                            (619) 698-0794
                        





See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 05/23/2002
            

                Business Started: 10/06/1997


                Business Started Locally: 06/21/2000
            

                Business Incorporated: 10/06/1997 in CA





            Type of Entity
             
            Limited Liability Company       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Mr. Donald Frank Reilly, CEO
                

                    Mr. Frank Reilly, President/COO
                






            Business Category
        


                Financial Planning Consultants
            




                            Investment Advisory Service
                        

                            Investment Management
                        




See More Business Categories
See Less Business Categories









            Alternate Business Names
        


                    Reilly Financial Advisors
                







                    Licensing, Bonding or Registration
                
                This business is in an industry that may require professional licensing, bonding or registration. BBB encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.

                
                    

                                    BBB records show a license number of 110315 for this business, issued by Securities and Exchange Commission                                   
                                   
                                    
Securities and Exchange Commission
                                        5670 Wilshire, 11th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90036
                                            
http://www.sec.gov                                        
                                        Phone Number:  (323) 9653998
                                        
                                        Fax Number:   () 
                                        






                    Number of Employees: 
                
                36
            



See Less Business Information
See More Business Information


 








            Business Information
        







                    A+
                


                BBB Rating Scorecard
            






Overview


This company offers integration of investment, wealth and relationship management into a comprehensive suite of services designed to help clients define and achieve their individual financial goals.

 








        Request a Quote
    





Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        









BBB Reason for Ratings


        BBB rating is based on 13 factors: Get the details about the factors considered.










Business Profile















2012 Torch Awards for Marketplace Ethics - WINNER, 11-24 Employees














Previous



Next















Business Profile
















BBB Reports On









Licensing









                        Licensing information is provided in the BBB Business Profiles to inform the public about industries that may require professional licensing, bonding, or registration. Better Business Bureau encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.
                    





Advertising Review









                        BBB promotes truth in advertising by contacting advertisers whose claims conflict with the BBB Code of Advertising.  These claims come to our attention from our internal review of advertising, consumer complaints and competitor challenges.  BBB asks advertisers to substantiate their claims, change ads to make offers more clear to consumers, and remove misleading or deceptive statements.
                    





Government Actions









                        BBB reports on known significant government actions involving the business's marketplace conduct.
                    





Out of Business









                        BBB reports on a company that is out of business for three years from the date the company closes its doors or ceases to do business.
                    





Misuse of Better Business Bureau Name/Logo









                        BBB reports on unauthorized use of the Better Business Bureau's name and/or logo for as long as the business continues to use it in any advertising, or for one year after the business ceases any repeated unauthorized uses.
                    





Bankruptcy









                        BBB reports on a business’s bankruptcy as long as the business remains in bankruptcy.
                    





Mail Returned









                        BBB reports when mail sent to the business was returned by the Postal Service.
                    
























Reilly Financial Advisors LLC






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        












 




                Reilly Financial Advisors LLC
            
BBB ACCREDITATION SINCE 05/31/2011










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    



                        This business has no complaints filed
                    












        Request a Quote
    






Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 























 











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Home - RFA Wealth Management
















































 800-682-3237





 






Watch the Latest Weekly Market Update Vlog featuring CIO David Cariani, CFA, CFP®
Stay current Watch Video




Winner of Fastest Growing Companies and Best Places to Work for a 5th straight year!
See what else we're up to Learn More




Check Out Upcoming Events In Your Area
This Month’s Calendar Learn More




Get access to exclusive information on a myriad of wealth topics
Get our newsletter Sign Up Now




RFA holds philanthropy to a very high standard – giving back to the community is one of our civil duties
How We Help Great Causes Learn More









Get to know RFA Watch Video 


You’ve spent your working years accumulating your retirement wealth, but now need help. You want to ensure that the person with whom you entrust your hard-earned dollars can meet all of your needs, whether they be:



Quality Client Service
A trusted financial partner who focuses on helping you both define and achieve your individual financial goals.
Tailored
A team of experts that listen to your needs, and then devise a customized solution based on those needs, presented straightforward and in plain English.
Comprehensive
A complete service offering, providing expert investment, wealth and relationship management services, in a coordinated manner with your other financial partners.






If you are looking for a long-term financial partner who focuses on truly understanding your unique needs and works diligently to help you then further define and achieve your individual financial goals, you’ve come to the right place.


 800-682-3237
 Contact us online






Who We Are
After many years providing financial planning and investment management services, it became clear that the standard advisor’s commission-based compensation model created a conflict between the goals of the firm and the needs of the clients, potentially jeopardizing client goals.
In 1999, Reilly Financial Advisors was established to deliver professional fee-only wealth management and investment guidance. Reilly Financial Advisors provides true fiduciary services, ensuring that we act in the best interest of our clients, and that their goals are at the forefront of what we do each and every day.






Our Approach to Wealth Management
Through our history of working with high net-worth individuals, we’ve learned that the best way to provide effective financial guidance is through a three-pronged approach:



Investment Management
Developing customized investment allocations tailored to our client’s inimitable needs



Wealth Management
Complementary services that provide insight into our client’s unique financial situation



Relationship Management
A Certified Financial Planner™ working collaboratively with our clients to become their trusted financial partner






Get Informed
Get access to our exclusive white papers which provide valuable information on a myriad of wealth topics.

*



  










This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.
 

Get In Touch
Providing a comprehensive set of financial solutions for one clearly disclosed fee, Reilly Financial Advisors is dedicated to becoming our client’s trusted financial partner.

 800-682-3237
 Contact us online

























Disclaimer - RFA Wealth Management
















































 800-682-3237





 



Disclaimer





Past performance may not be indicative of future results. Different types of investments involve varying degrees of risk. Therefore, it should not be assumed that future performance of any specific investment or investment strategy (including the investments and/or investment strategies recommended and/or undertaken by Reilly Financial Advisors), or any non-investment related services, will be profitable, equal any historical performance level(s), be suitable for your portfolio or individual situation, or prove successful. Reilly Financial Advisors is neither a law firm nor accounting firm, and no portion of its services should be construed as legal or accounting advice. Please remember that it remains your responsibility to advise Reilly Financial Advisors, in writing, if there are any changes in your personal/financial situation or investment objectives for the purpose of reviewing/evaluating/revising our previous recommendations and/or services, or if you would like to impose, add, or to modify any reasonable restrictions to our investment advisory services. A copy of our current written disclosure statement discussing our advisory services and fees is available upon request. The scope of the services to be provided depends upon the terms of the engagement. Please Note: Rankings and/or recognition by unaffiliated rating services and/or publications should not be construed by a client or prospective client as a guarantee that he/she will experience a certain level of results if Reilly Financial Advisors is engaged, or continues to be engaged, to provide investment advisory services, nor should it be construed as a current or past endorsement of Reilly Financial Advisors by any of its clients. Rankings published by magazines, and others, generally base their selections exclusively on information prepared and/or submitted by the recognized adviser.

















Home - RFA Wealth Management
















































 800-682-3237





 






Watch the Latest Weekly Market Update Vlog featuring CIO David Cariani, CFA, CFP®
Stay current Watch Video




Winner of Fastest Growing Companies and Best Places to Work for a 5th straight year!
See what else we're up to Learn More




Check Out Upcoming Events In Your Area
This Month’s Calendar Learn More




Get access to exclusive information on a myriad of wealth topics
Get our newsletter Sign Up Now




RFA holds philanthropy to a very high standard – giving back to the community is one of our civil duties
How We Help Great Causes Learn More









Get to know RFA Watch Video 


You’ve spent your working years accumulating your retirement wealth, but now need help. You want to ensure that the person with whom you entrust your hard-earned dollars can meet all of your needs, whether they be:



Quality Client Service
A trusted financial partner who focuses on helping you both define and achieve your individual financial goals.
Tailored
A team of experts that listen to your needs, and then devise a customized solution based on those needs, presented straightforward and in plain English.
Comprehensive
A complete service offering, providing expert investment, wealth and relationship management services, in a coordinated manner with your other financial partners.






If you are looking for a long-term financial partner who focuses on truly understanding your unique needs and works diligently to help you then further define and achieve your individual financial goals, you’ve come to the right place.


 800-682-3237
 Contact us online






Who We Are
After many years providing financial planning and investment management services, it became clear that the standard advisor’s commission-based compensation model created a conflict between the goals of the firm and the needs of the clients, potentially jeopardizing client goals.
In 1999, Reilly Financial Advisors was established to deliver professional fee-only wealth management and investment guidance. Reilly Financial Advisors provides true fiduciary services, ensuring that we act in the best interest of our clients, and that their goals are at the forefront of what we do each and every day.






Our Approach to Wealth Management
Through our history of working with high net-worth individuals, we’ve learned that the best way to provide effective financial guidance is through a three-pronged approach:



Investment Management
Developing customized investment allocations tailored to our client’s inimitable needs



Wealth Management
Complementary services that provide insight into our client’s unique financial situation



Relationship Management
A Certified Financial Planner™ working collaboratively with our clients to become their trusted financial partner






Get Informed
Get access to our exclusive white papers which provide valuable information on a myriad of wealth topics.

*



  










This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.
 

Get In Touch
Providing a comprehensive set of financial solutions for one clearly disclosed fee, Reilly Financial Advisors is dedicated to becoming our client’s trusted financial partner.

 800-682-3237
 Contact us online

































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.




Reilly Financial Advisors, LLC                                                                                           - La Mesa                                           , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



La Mesa



Investment Advice



Investment Advice



                            Reilly Financial Advisors, LLC
                                    



 





















R 


Reilly Financial Advisors, LLC                                                                                          
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



7777 ALVARADO RD STE 116 LA MESA, CA 91942
Get Directions



(619) 698-0794
www.rfadvisors.com                                                                                      





Business Info



 Founded 1999
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $2,483,271.00
 Employee Count 10
 Industries Investment Advice
 Contacts Don Reilly                                                                                                              







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Reilly Financial Advisors, Llc                                                                                           was founded in 1999, and is located at 7777 Alvarado Rd Ste 116 in La Mesa. Additional information is available at www.rfadvisors.com                                                                                       or by contacting Don Reilly                                                                                                               at (619) 698-0794. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







R

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

























        
    Financial Planning Consultants - San Diego, Orange and Imperial Counties Accredited Businesses

    











































San Diego, Orange and Imperial Counties Home /
                BBB Accredited Business Directory / 
                Financial Planning Consultants



                BBB Accredited Business Directory
            
Businesses you can trust in San Diego, Orange and Imperial Counties

Financial Planning Consultants








Category 

Category
Business Name







            near
        




  








Search in:
 All
    
         San Diego
    
         Orange County
    
            



sdoc
accredited-business-directory
Auto Search
Auto Location













Back to Map




Filter results





Are you looking for?


Financial Services


Financing


Financing Consultants


Show More...




by City / Location:


San Diego, CA


Carlsbad, CA


Huntington Beach, CA


Mission Viejo, CA




by Content:


View Listings with Coupons & Special Offers







Results for:
Financial Planning Consultants
    
           in San Diego, Orange and Imperial Counties





BBB
















					Epstein & White Retirement & Income Solutions LLC


9740 Appaloosa Rd #150 San Diego, CA 92131
(map)


858-564-8036   


				BBB Accredited since
								2014
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote


Full Ad











BBB








 





					65RETIRE Wealth Managers


23 Corporate Plaza Dr #150 Newport Beach, CA 92660
(map)


888-657-3847   


				BBB Accredited since
								2015
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Abrams Insurance Solutions Inc


9171 Towne Centre Dr #350 San Diego, CA 92122
(map)


858-703-6178   


				BBB Accredited since
								2011
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote


More















BBB








 





					Absolute Financial & Insurance Services


100 E San Marcos Blvd #400 San Marcos, CA 92069
(map)


760-481-5819   


				BBB Accredited since
								2007
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Advanced Recovery Consultants


4629 Cass St #214 San Diego, CA 92109
(map)


888-419-8498   


				BBB Accredited since
								2015
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Asset Retention Insurance Services


23171 La Cadena Dr Laguna Hills, CA 92653
(map)


949-595-4409   


				BBB Accredited since
								2000
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Aurora Capital Alliance


16085 San Dieguito Rd #E7 Rancho Santa Fe, CA 92091
(map)


619-595-4832   


				BBB Accredited since
								2016
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Barrett Financial Services Inc


PO Box 476 Pine Valley, CA 91962
(map)


619-473-8727   


				BBB Accredited since
								2005
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					BTI Professional Services Inc


17821 17th St #270 Tustin, CA 92780
(map)


714-505-6700   


				BBB Accredited since
								2016
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Bull Oak Capital LLC


1350 Columbia St #401 San Diego, CA 92101
(map)


619-618-2423   


				BBB Accredited since
								2017
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Capital Financial Consultants Group Inc


31461 Rancho Viejo Rd #104 San Juan Capistrano, CA 92675
(map)


949-248-8800   


				BBB Accredited since
								2005
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					CFG Wealth Management


4370 La Jolla Village Dr #630 San Diego, CA 92122
(map)


858-550-3960   


				BBB Accredited since
								2012
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Cherie Jones and Associates


12842 Valley View St #104 Garden Grove, CA 92845
(map)


714-248-9050   


				BBB Accredited since
								2017
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Chris Cooper & Co 


4080 Centre St #202 San Diego, CA 92103
(map)


619-602-2029   


				BBB Accredited since
								2009
				
			



Find us on:















BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote


More















BBB








 





					Clarity Capital Partners


5000 Birch St #100 Newport Beach, CA 92660
(map)


800-805-7526   


				BBB Accredited since
								2015
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote


More















BBB








 





					Define Financial


750 B St #1750 San Diego, CA 92101
(map)


619-577-4002   


				BBB Accredited since
								2017
				
			



Find us on:
























BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Duncan Financial


5973 Avenida Encinas #210 Carlsbad, CA 92008
(map)


888-756-7568   


				BBB Accredited since
								2013
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB
















					Epstein & White Retirement & Income Solutions LLC


9740 Appaloosa Rd #150 San Diego, CA 92131
(map)


858-564-8036   


				BBB Accredited since
								2014
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Financial Management Network Inc


26041 Acero  Mission Viejo, CA 92691
(map)


949-455-0300   


				BBB Accredited since
								2016
				
			





BBB Business Profile









BBB








 





					Financial Planning Solutions Inc


2784 Gateway Rd #102 Carlsbad, CA 92009
(map)


760-929-1180   


				BBB Accredited since
								2000
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Fleetridge Financial Inc


8745 Aero Dr #300 San Diego, CA 92123
(map)


619-780-0855   


				BBB Accredited since
								2017
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Frank Financial Advisors


2710 Loker Ave W #230 Carlsbad, CA 92010
(map)


760-438-3360   


				BBB Accredited since
								2013
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Goodrich Financial Group


3296 Via Zamora #A Escondido, CA 92029
(map)


760-317-1067   


				BBB Accredited since
								2009
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Hayes & Associates CPAs


1001 B Ave #211 Coronado, CA 92118
(map)


619-435-4195   


				BBB Accredited since
								1998
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Householder Group


10 Pointe Dr #100 Brea, CA 92821
(map)


714-529-2300   


				BBB Accredited since
								2015
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote


More















BBB








 





					Irving Tax & Financial


1537 Grand Ave #A San Marcos, CA 92078
(map)


760-744-7433   


				BBB Accredited since
								1997
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote


More















BBB








 





					JCC Financial Corp


1334 N 1st St #5 El Cajon, CA 92021
(map)


877-844-7351   


				BBB Accredited since
								2012
				
			





BBB Business Profile









BBB








 





					KNR Consulting Group Inc


28202 Cabot Rd #445 Laguna Niguel, CA 92677
(map)


949-218-3900   


				BBB Accredited since
								2014
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Krvaric Capital & Risk Management


16935 W Bernardo Dr #112 San Diego, CA 92127
(map)


858-451-9700   


				BBB Accredited since
								2009
				
			



Find us on:












BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Labrum Wealth Management LLC


6128 Innovation Wy Carlsbad, CA 92009
(map)


760-707-5555   


				BBB Accredited since
								2012
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote


More















BBB








 





					Lucia Capital Group


13520 Evening Creek Dr N #300  San Diego, CA 92128
(map)


800-644-1150   


				BBB Accredited since
								2016
				
			



Find us on:


















BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Managed Asset Protection Inc


1820 E Garry #105 Santa Ana, CA 92705
(map)


800-477-3122   


				BBB Accredited since
								1997
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Milestone Wealth Management and Insurance Solutions


17011 Beach Blvd #900 Huntington Beach, CA 92647
(map)


714-462-9155   


				BBB Accredited since
								2015
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					MWJ Wealth Strategies LLC


7777 Center Ave #120 Huntington Beach, CA 92647
(map)


714-890-1400   


				BBB Accredited since
								2016
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					OneTrust Home Loans


3131 Camino Del Rio N #1680 San Diego, CA 92108
(map)


858-488-3830   


				BBB Accredited since
								2008
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote


More















BBB








 





					Orange Capital Management Inc


333 S Anita Dr #700 Orange, CA 92868
(map)


800-481-7526   


				BBB Accredited since
								2017
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Packard Advisory Services


Serving State of California Carlsbad, CA 92010
(map)


866-450-0510   


				BBB Accredited since
								2009
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Preservation Financial and Insurance Services Inc


3655 Nobel Dr #270 San Diego, CA 92122
(map)


800-303-8754   


				BBB Accredited since
								2005
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Presidio Capital Management


12626 High Bluff Dr #440 San Diego, CA 92130
(map)


858-461-4959   


				BBB Accredited since
								2012
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote


More















BBB








 





					Prestige Capital Management Inc


620 Newport Center Dr #1100 Newport Beach, CA 92660
(map)


800-717-6411   


				BBB Accredited since
								2017
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Pure Financial Advisors Inc


3131 Camino Del Rio N #1550 San Diego, CA 92108
(map)


619-814-4100   


				BBB Accredited since
								2007
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote


More















BBB








 





					Ratchuk Wealth Management LLC


4660 La Jolla Village Dr #500 San Diego, CA 92122
(map)


858-625-4690   


				BBB Accredited since
								2012
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Raymond K Dexter CFP


8313 La Mesa Blvd La Mesa, CA 91942
(map)


619-461-2700   


				BBB Accredited since
								1993
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Reilly Financial Advisors LLC


7777 Alvarado Rd #116 La Mesa, CA 91941
(map)


800-682-3237   


				BBB Accredited since
								2011
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Reyes Financial Architecture Inc


4660 La Jolla Village Drive #725 San Diego, CA 92122
(map)


858-597-1966   


				BBB Accredited since
								2011
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Safeguard Investment Advisory Group LLC


9171 Towne Centre Dr #410 San Diego, CA 92122
(map)


858-255-4237   


				BBB Accredited since
								2015
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Sage Capital Advisors LLC


5672 La Jolla Blvd La Jolla, CA 92037
(map)


858-459-0172   


				BBB Accredited since
								2006
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Scripps Tax & Financial Group Inc


9909 Mira Mesa Blvd #230 San Diego, CA 92131
(map)


858-271-1488   


				BBB Accredited since
								2008
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Shoreline Financial Services LLC


27201 Puerta Real #300 Mission Viejo, CA 92691
(map)


877-322-0407   


				BBB Accredited since
								2015
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote


More















BBB








 





					SSG Solutions Financial & Insurance Services LLC


65 Enterprise #320 Aliso Viejo, CA 92656
(map)


949-429-4282   


				BBB Accredited since
								1996
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Sterling Financial Advisors and Insurance Services LLC


25950 Acero #310 Mission Viejo, CA 92691
(map)


949-859-8900   


				BBB Accredited since
								2012
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					The Financial Team Inc


5740 Fleet St #120 Carlsbad, CA 92008
(map)


760-448-2882   


				BBB Accredited since
								2008
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					The Stoddard Group


30448 Rancho Viejo Rd #189 San Juan Capistrano, CA 92675
(map)


949-218-9036   


				BBB Accredited since
								2002
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Thomas Trax CEP


2221 Camino Del Rio S #307 San Diego, CA 92108
(map)


619-462-3400   


				BBB Accredited since
								2010
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Trilogy Financial Services Inc


17011 Beach Blvd #800 Huntington Beach, CA 92647
(map)


714-843-9977   


				BBB Accredited since
								2002
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					Trojan Home Loans Inc


1503 S Coast Dr #106 Costa Mesa, CA 92626
(map)


714-444-0114   


				BBB Accredited since
								2016
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote









BBB








 





					UBS Financial Services Inc


600 W Broadway #2000 San Diego, CA 92101
(map)


619-557-4899   


				BBB Accredited since
								2011
				
			





BBB Business Profile



        Request a Quote











Coupon
ShowVendorContent









View Larger Map


















Filter by Business Name





X





















×













×













×













×











×
Request a Quote







email


















Economic Commentary - RFA Wealth Management















































 800-682-3237





 



Economic Commentary






2017


Jan


Feb


Mar


Apr


May



 Mid Year Review Outlook & Review 


2016


Dec


Nov


Oct


Sep


Aug


Jul


Jun


May


Apr


Mar


Feb


Jan



 Mid Year Review Outlook & Review 


2015


Dec


Nov


Oct


Sep


Aug


Jul


Jun


May


Apr


Mar


Feb


Jan



 Mid Year Review Outlook & Review 


2014


Dec


Nov


Oct


Sep


Aug


Jul


Jun


May


Apr


Mar


Feb


Jan



 Mid Year Review Outlook & Review 


IMPORTANT DISCLOSURE INFORMATION
		Past performance may not be indicative of future results.  Different types of investments involve varying degrees of risk.  Therefore, it should not be assumed that future performance of any specific investment or investment strategy (including the investments and/or investment strategies recommended and/or undertaken by Reilly Financial Advisors (“RFA”), or any non-investment related services, will be profitable, equal any  historical performance level(s), be suitable for your portfolio or individual situation, or prove successful.  RFA is neither a law firm nor accounting firm, and no portion of its services should be construed as legal or accounting advice. Moreover, you should not assume that any discussion or information contained in this document serves as the receipt of, or as a substitute for, personalized investment advice from RFA.  Please remember that it remains your responsibility to advise RFA, in writing, if there are any changes in your personal/financial situation or investment objectives for the purpose of reviewing/evaluating/revising our previous recommendations and/or services, or  if you would like to impose, add, or to modify any reasonable restrictions to our investment advisory services. A copy of our current written disclosure Brochure discussing our advisory services and fees is available upon request. The scope of the services to be provided depends upon the needs of the client and the terms of the engagement.
	

















About Us - RFA Wealth Management

















































 800-682-3237





 



About Us





Reilly Financial Advisors is a fee-only Registered Investment Advisor established in 1999 to provide clients an integrated approach to all their financial needs. By acting in Fiduciary Standard, we are responsible for putting client’s best interest first, before that of our own compensation. 
We serve clients across the United States and around the world with the tools critical to achieving financial success. Many of our clients first came to us during a period of transition, such as nearing retirement, divorce or having recently been widowed; we work with clients and their portfolios to appropriately manage each individual situation. 


Executive ManagementRelationship ManagementWealth AdvisorsPortfolio ManagementFinancial PlanningMarketingOperations & Support 



 Don Reilly
Chairman Emeritus




 Frank Reilly, MIBA
Cofounder, President & Chief Operating Officer




 Dean Peabody
Senior Vice President – Research & Trading




 Christina Dodge
Senior Vice President - Marketing & Special Projects




 Sonja Larimore, IACCP®, AIF®
Senior Vice President - Operations & Compliance




 David Cariani, CFA, CFP®
Chief Investment Officer




 Taher Saleh Ali
Head Research Analyst/Portfolio Manager




 Dr. Dan Seiver
Chief Economist




 Matt Griffith, CFP®
Director - Wealth Management




 Tom McGuiggan
Senior Wealth Advisor




 Brad Berman
Vice President – Wealth Management




 Curtis Neidert, CFP®
Senior Wealth Advisor




 Jenifer Pratt, CPA/PFS, CFP®
Senior Wealth Advisor




 Michael Baril, CFP®
Senior Wealth Advisor




 Sam Long
Director of Business Development & Education




 Scott Fortney
Vice President – Wealth Management




 Erin Paulson
Vice President – Wealth Management




 Larry Yanoff, CFP®
Vice President – Wealth Management




 Mark Shane
Vice President – Middle East




 Eric Swanson, CFP®
Vice President - Wealth Management




 Natalie Young
Vice President - Wealth Management




 Gabrielle Reilly, MSBA
Vice President - Europe




 Jason Watters, MBA
Vice President - Europe




 Nate Nieri, CFP®
Director - Financial Planning




 Andrew Demos, CFP®
Senior Financial Planner




 Bradley Johnston
Financial Planner




 Shanda Simmons
Administrative Services Manager




 Michele Tagney
Client Service Representative




 Alex Becker
Marketing Specialist




 Crystal Davila
Executive Assistant




 Jason Yncera
Sales Support Specialist




 Liza Mikha
Operations Specialist




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Investment Strategies - RFA Wealth Management
















































 800-682-3237





 



Investment Strategies






Through our history of working with high net-worth individuals, we’ve learned that the best way to provide effective financial guidance is through a three-pronged approach:


Investment Management
Developing customized investment allocations tailored to our client’s inimitable needs
Learn more

Wealth Management
Complementary services that provide insight into our client’s unique financial situation
Learn more

Relationship Management
A Certified Financial Planner&trade; working collaboratively with our clients to become their trusted financial partner
Learn more


Please Note: The scope of any financial planning and consulting services to be provided depends upon the needs of the client. RFA does not serve as an attorney, accountant, or insurance agent. RFA does not prepare estate planning documents, tax returns, or sell insurance products.












﻿
































Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) Position Maintained by Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Abbott Laboratories
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Abbott Laboratories with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Smith & Nephew plc (SN) Announces $0.12 Dividend
First Community Bancshares, Inc. (FCBC) Raises Dividend to $0.18 Per Share
Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Organovo Holdings (NASDAQ:ONVO) Share Price
Lloyds Banking Group PLC Declares Dividend of GBX 1 (LON:LLOY)
Somewhat Negative Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect PennantPark Floating Rate Capital (PFLT) Share Price
Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Provident Financial Holdings (NASDAQ:PROV) Stock Price
Redhill Biopharma (RDHL) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows
Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Source Capital (SOR) Stock Price
Synacor (NASDAQ:SYNC) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Accern Reports
Salisbury Bancorp (NASDAQ:SAL) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows
Value Line (VALU) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Accern Reports
Zion Oil & Gas (ZN) Given Media Sentiment Rating of 0.08
Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect VIVUS (NASDAQ:VVUS) Share Price
Clear Harbor Asset Management LLC Buys 13,365 Shares of Ares Commercial Real Estate Corporation (ACRE)
Intellicheck Inc (NYSEMKT:IDN) Stake Raised by Clear Harbor Asset Management LLC
NewJersey Resources Corporation (NJR) Shares Sold by Clear Harbor Asset Management LLC
Clear Harbor Asset Management LLC Increases Stake in Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. (The) (HIG)
Clear Harbor Asset Management LLC Boosts Position in American Water Works (NYSE:AWK)
CMH Wealth Management LLC Sells 80 Shares of Materials Select Sector SPDR (XLB)
Oslo Asset Management AS Raises Stake in Range Resources Corporation (NYSE:RRC)




 


Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) Position Maintained by Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund

					Posted by Tristan Rich on Jul 20th, 2017 // No Comments 




Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund held its stake in  Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 179,606 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund’s holdings in Abbott Laboratories were worth $8,731,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Several other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Tudor Investment Corp Et Al increased its stake in  Abbott Laboratories by 1.2% in the fourth quarter. Tudor Investment Corp Et Al now owns 16,800 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock valued at $645,000 after buying an additional 200 shares during the last quarter.  GLG LLC increased its stake in  Abbott Laboratories by 6.8% in the fourth quarter. GLG LLC now owns 35,093 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock valued at $1,348,000 after buying an additional 2,231 shares during the last quarter.  Loomis Sayles & Co. L P purchased a new stake in  Abbott Laboratories during the fourth quarter valued at $29,827,000.  Freestone Capital Holdings LLC increased its stake in  Abbott Laboratories by 221.3% in the fourth quarter. Freestone Capital Holdings LLC now owns 25,278 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock valued at $971,000 after buying an additional 17,410 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Drexel Morgan & Co. increased its stake in  Abbott Laboratories by 3.4% in the fourth quarter. Drexel Morgan & Co. now owns 19,786 shares of the healthcare product maker’s stock valued at $760,000 after buying an additional 650 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  71.02% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Abbott Laboratories alerts:



Shares of Abbott Laboratories (NYSE ABT) opened at 49.43 on Thursday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $48.03 and a 200-day moving average price of $44.63. The stock has a market cap of $85.77 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 51.44 and a beta of 1.07. Abbott Laboratories has a 12 month low of $37.38 and a 12 month high of $49.59. 




Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, July 20th. The healthcare product maker reported $0.62 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.60 by $0.02. Abbott Laboratories had a return on equity of 14.91% and a net margin of 6.74%. The business had revenue of $6.64 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $6.63 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.55 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 24.5% on a year-over-year basis.  On average, analysts expect that  Abbott Laboratories will post $2.47 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, July 14th will be given a dividend of $0.265 per share. This represents a $1.06 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.14%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, July 12th. Abbott Laboratories’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 110.42%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT) Position Maintained by Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund” was first  posted by Markets Daily and is the property of of Markets Daily. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/20/abbott-laboratories-nyseabt-position-maintained-by-oregon-public-employees-retirement-fund.html. 
A number of equities analysts have commented on ABT shares. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Abbott Laboratories from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, June 20th. BTIG Research started coverage on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a report on Wednesday, June 21st. They issued a “buy” rating and a $56.00 target price for the company. Wells Fargo & Company  reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $54.00 target price (up from $47.50) on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a report on Friday, June 30th. Guggenheim started coverage on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a report on Thursday, June 29th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $58.00 target price for the company. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC  reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $58.00 target price on shares of Abbott Laboratories in a report on Thursday, June 29th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twelve have issued  a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The company  has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $51.33.
In related news, insider Jared Watkin sold 552 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, June 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $47.97, for a total transaction of $26,479.44. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 47,090 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,258,907.30. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, insider Roger Bird sold 5,600 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, April 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $43.82, for a total value of $245,392.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 51,313 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,248,535.66. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 206,902 shares of company stock worth $9,497,761 in the last three months. Corporate insiders own  0.76% of the company’s stock. 
Abbott Laboratories Company Profile
Abbott Laboratories is engaged in the discovery, development, manufacture and sale of a range of healthcare products. The Company operates through four segments: Established Pharmaceutical Products, Diagnostic Products, Nutritional Products and Vascular Products. Its Established Pharmaceutical Products include a range of branded generic pharmaceuticals manufactured around the world and marketed and sold outside the United States.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ABT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT).







Receive News & Ratings for Abbott Laboratories Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Abbott Laboratories and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website































































In The Media - RFA Wealth Management
















































 800-682-3237





 



In The Media





Reilly Financial Advisors welcomes media inquiries. We have a variety of industry experts who can provide valuable input on a variety of topics.
Please contact Christina Dodge at christina.dodge@rfawealth.com or 800-682-3237 for more information.
Download our Press Kit


In the News


CIO David Cariani was featured in Financial Times, outlining American investors and their strong home country bias 

President Frank Reilly was featured in a San Diego Business Journal Special Report (01/11/2016) 

The Reilly Financial Advisors team wraps up the Wealth Strategies Series on San Diego Living 6 

President Frank Reilly discusses Annuities on San Diego Living 6 

President Frank Reilly discusses Family Wealth Transitions on San Diego Living 6 

President Frank Reilly discusses Age-Based Tax Planning on San Diego Living 6 

President Frank Reilly discusses College Planning on San Diego Living 6 

President Frank Reilly discusses Social Security on San Diego Living 6 

President  Frank Reilly discusses Asset Allocation on San Diego Living 6 

President Frank Reilly and VP - Retirement Services Damian Dufour discuss your 401(k) on San Diego Living 6 

President Frank Reilly discusses Debt Management on San Diego Living 6 

President Frank Reilly, discusses creating a Financial Road Map on San Diego's CW6 

President Frank Reilly, discusses the basics of retirement savings on San Diego's CW6 

President Frank Reilly, discusses the basics of estate planning on San Diego's CW6 

The complications of living & working abroad and how RFA can help, as seen in the New York Times 

Dr. Dan Seiver's opinion on the Feds recently released minutes, as seen in Investors Business Daily 

Reilly Financial Advisors' proprietary Discipline to the Power of 3 strategy, as featured in The Suit Magazine 

The US Economy Faces Another Cliff, featuring Frank Reilly 

Frank Reilly's global macoreconomic opinion on Credit Agency warnings, in Voice of America 

Don and Frank Reilly talk to San Diego Living live about receiving the coveted BBB Torch Award 

Dr. Dan Seiver, Reilly Financial Advisors Chief Economist, responds to an article in Forbes Magazine 

Dr. Dan Seiver's opinion on the purchase of Bonds by the Federal Government as seen in Yahoo Finance 

Reilly Financial Advisors President & Cofounder Frank Reilly featured in the Wall Street Journal blog on advising clients abroad 

Saudi Arabia-fueled RIA adds an academic to its oil-rich mix 

Reilly Financial Advisors President Frank Reilly discusses technology in the RIA marketplace 

Reilly Financial Advisors' President Frank Reilly with his opinion on the Greek Debt crisis 



Awards


Reilly Financial Advisors was named in Financial Advisor Magazine's Top 50 Fastest-Growing Firms of 2017! 

Reilly Financial Advisors was named in the Financial Times 300 Top RIAs for 2017! 

Reilly Financial Advisors named 2016 Finalist for the BBB Torch Award for Ethics! 

Frank Reilly was named on the 2016 Barron’s Top 100 Independent Financial Advisors list 

Reilly Financial Advisors was named one of the 2016 Fastest Growing Companies in San Diego! 

Reilly Financial Advisors named one of the Top 10 Best Places to Work in San Diego 2016! 

Reilly Financial Advisors was named one of the Fastest Growing Private Companies in San Diego 2015! 

Reilly Financial Advisors named one of the 2015 Best Places to Work in San Diego 

Reilly Financial Advisors was named one of the Fastest Growing Private Companies in San Diego 2014! 

Reilly Financial Advisors named one of the 2014 Best Places to Work in San Diego 

Reilly Financial Advisors was named one of the Fastest Growing Private Companies in San Diego 2013! 

Reilly Financial Advisors named one of the 2013 Best Places to Work in San Diego 

Reilly Financial Advisors wins the coveted BBB Torch Awards for Ethics in the Marketplace in 2012! 

Reilly Financial Advisors was named one of the Fastest Growing Private Companies in San Diego 2012! 

Reilly Financial Advisors named one of the 2012 Best Places to Work in San Diego 

Reilly Financial Advisors has been featured in "Top Wealth Managers" list for 7 years in a row 

Reilly Financial Advisors was named the Leading Provider/Wealth Manager in Southern California in 2009 by Goldline Research 

Reilly Financial Advisors’ Larry Yanoff was named a 5-Star Wealth Manager in 2013 

















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started










































Resources - RFA Wealth Management
















































 800-682-3237





 



Resources





CIO Vlog – Weekly market update video blog from CIO, David Cariani, CFA, CFP®
Economic Commentary – Monthly updates on the economy
In the Media – Press Kit, Reilly Financial in the news and awards
Articles – 12-part Wealth Strategies Series, written by our very own team of experts
My Accounts – Login to your account












