    Daniel Reininga | Lake Shore Bancorp, Inc. | ZoomInfo.com

Daniel P. Reininga: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:23 AM ET
Thrifts and Mortgage Finance

Company Overview of Lake Shore Bancorp, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Daniel P. Reininga  President, Chief Executive Officer & Director, Lake Shore Bancorp, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 3 different industries.See Board Relationships58$538,154As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Daniel P. Reininga, also known as Dan, has been the Chief Executive Officer and President at Lake Shore BanCorp. Inc. and its subsidiary Lake Shore Savings Bank since January 28, 2011. Mr. Reininga serves as the President of G.H. Graf Realty Corporation Inc. He served as Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President of Lake Shore BanCorp. Inc. and Lake Shore Savings Bank. from January 1, 2010 to January 28, 2011. He served as a Vice Chairman of Lake Shore ... BanCorp. Inc., and Lake Shore Savings Bank, a subsidiary of Lake Shore BanCorp. Inc. until July 2010. He has been a Director of Lake Shore BanCorp. Inc. and Lake Shore Savings Bank since 1994. Mr. Reininga is a graduate of the University of South Florida with an MBA in Management Information Systems and International Business and Alleghany College with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Economics.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
31 East Fourth StreetDunkirk, New York 14048United StatesPhone: 716-366-4070Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
CEO, President, Director, CEO of Lake Shore Bancorp Inc and President of Lake Shore Bancorp IncLake Shore Savings Bank1994-PresentPresident, Chief Executive Officer & DirectorLake Shore Bancorp, Inc.
Education
MBA University of South FloridaBS Allegheny College
Other Affiliations
University of South FloridaAllegheny CollegeLake Shore Savings BankLake Shore Mhc


Annual Compensation
Salary$298,000Total Annual Compensation$298,000
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$44,562All Other Compensation$46,553Exercisable Options$17,773Exercisable Options Value$149,115Unexercisable Options$30,800Unexercisable Options Value$58,212Total Value of Options$207,327Total Number of Options$48,573
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$412,372Total Short Term Compensation$298,000Other Long Term Compensation$91,115Total Calculated Compensation$538,154




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationMarcie A. Barber C.E.O, President & DirectorJuniata Valley Financial Corp.$251.4KLance O. Diehl CEO, President & DirectorCCFNB Bancorp, Inc.$243.9KRaymond M. Thompson Chief Executive Officer, President & DirectorCalvin B. Taylor Bankshares, Inc.$252.7KNancy E. Graves CEO, President & DirectorBancorp Of New Jersey, Inc.$272.6KDouglas C. Manditch Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer & SecretaryEmpire Bancorp, Inc.$425.0KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Lake Shore Bancorp, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















LSBK Daniel P. Reininga Insider Trades for Lake Shore Bancorp Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Lake Shore Bancorp Inc.

                  NASDAQ: LSBK
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Lake Shore Bancorp Inc.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 27, 2017, 3:58 p.m.


LSBK

/quotes/zigman/99363/composite


$
15.70




Change

-0.05
-0.32%

Volume
Volume 1,220
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/99363/composite
Previous close

$
			15.75
		


$
				15.70
			
Change

-0.05
-0.32%





Day low
Day high
$15.70
$15.70










52 week low
52 week high

            $13.08
        

            $16.59
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Daniel P. Reininga



Mr. Daniel P. Reininga is President, Chief Executive Officer & Director at Lake Shore Bancorp, Inc., President, Chief Executive Officer & Director at Lake Shore Savings Bank, and Chairman at G.H. Graf Realty Corp., Inc. He is on the Board of Directors at Lake Shore  MHC, Lake Shore Bancorp, Inc., and Lake Shore Savings Bank.
He received his undergraduate degree from Allegheny College and an MBA from the University of South Florida.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





08/15/2016
1,319


 
Disposition at $13.39 per share.


17,662


05/18/2016
2,800


 
Disposition at $13.61 per share.


38,108


05/18/2016
2,800


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $11.5 per share.


32,200


05/16/2016
9,846


 
Disposition at $13.6 per share.


133,906


05/16/2016
9,846


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $11.5 per share.


113,229


08/13/2015
1,287


 
Disposition at $13.22 per share.


17,015


08/12/2014
17,850


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Daniel P. Reininga 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Ms. Rachel A. Foley 
CFO, Treasurer, Head-Investor & Media Relations




Ms. Sonia  Ortolano 
Vice President-Information Technology




Ms. Nicole  May 
Compliance Officer




Mr. Lou  DiPalma 
Vice President-Business Development Officer




Mr. Jeffrey M. Werdein 
Executive Vice President




Mr. John L. Mehltretter 
Director




Ms. Brenda  Mikolajczak 
Assistant Vice President-Marketing & Sales




Mr. Mark  Peters 
Internal Auditor




Mr. Steven W. Schiavone 
Controller




Ms. Janinne Fiegl Dugan 
Vice President-Human Resource Officer




Ms. Wendy  Harrington 
Secretary




Mr. Gary W. Winger 
Chairman




Ms. Sharon E. Brautigam 
Independent Director




Mr. Kevin M. Sanvidge 
Independent Director




Ms. Susan C. Ballard 
Independent Director




Mr. Tracy Steve Bennett 
Independent Director




Mr. David C. Mancuso 
Independent Director




Ms. Nancy L. Yocum 
Vice Chairman









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




9:23 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:18aGet ready for the less-profitable Amazon that you used to know 
9:18a‘Skinny’ repeal of Obamacare fails to pass in late-night Senate vote
9:17aGold turns higher as dollar holds loss after GDP report shows as-expected rebound
9:14aScaramucci provides a shocking Bannon comparison that defies anatomy
9:13aStock futures trim losses after GDP data; tech shares weight on Nasdaq 
9:12aMattel stock price target cut to $22 from $24 at D.A. Davidson
9:11aStarbucks stock price target cut to $67 from $70 at Instinet
9:11aMasterCard stock price target raised to $153 from $134 at Instinet
9:11aCan Snap fall even more as lockups expire?
9:10aA high-powered Florida couple announces their ‘Trump Divorce’
9:10aVerizon stock price target raised to $47 from $46 at Instinet
9:10aAmazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift
9:09aKLA-Tencor stock price target raised to $100 from $95 at Instinet
9:09aU.S. GDP speeds up to 2.6% in 2nd quarter 
9:08aHot Pie from ‘Game of Thrones’ is selling direwolf bread in real life
9:08aEllie Mae's stock set for record selloff after results disappoints, outlook slashed
9:00aStock market set to extend fresh tech rout as Amazon disappoints; GDP data ahead
8:54aAtlantic Media selling ownership stake to organization run by Laurene Powell Jobs
8:50aRetail investors wait this long to dive into IPOs
8:44aMerck expects June cyberattack to affect company's 2017 financial performance
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft




















 











Daniel P. Reininga - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Daniel P. Reininga
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer at Lake Shore Bancorp, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Daniel P. Reininga? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Daniel P. Reininga's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Daniel P. Reininga's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Daniel P. Reininga's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Daniel P. Reininga through your network of contacts.
												








Daniel P. Reininga's Executive Work History


Current


Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, 
Lake Shore Bancorp, Inc.


Past
To view Daniel P. Reininga's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.S., 
															Allegheny College


														 M.B.A., 
															University of South Florida


Age
58

 
 


Daniel P. Reininga's Biography



Mr. Reininga became President and Chief Executive Officer of Lake Shore, MHC, Lake Shore Bancorp and Lake Shore Savings on January 28, 2011.  He previously served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company, a position he held from January 1, 2010 through January 27, 2011.  He is nominated to serve as a director for a term expiring at the 2020 annual meeting.  He served as Vice Chairman of the board from 2003 until June 2010.  Mr. Reininga served as President of G.H. Graf Realty Corporation, Inc., a real estate investment company located in Dunkirk, New York that is involved in real estate development and leasin ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Reininga became President and Chief Executive Officer of Lake Shore, MHC, Lake Shore Bancorp and Lake Shore Savings on January 28, 2011.  He previously served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company, a position he held from January 1, 2010 through January 27, 2011.  He is nominated to serve as a director for a term expiring at the 2020 annual meeting.  He served as Vice Chairman of the board from 2003 until June 2010.  Mr. Reininga served as President of G.H. Graf Realty Corporation, Inc., a real estate investment company located in Dunkirk, New York that is involved in real estate development and leasing, from 1993 through December 2009.  Mr. Reininga currently serves as the Chairman of the Board of G.H. Graf Realty Corporation, Inc.   Experience, Qualifications & Skills.  Mr. Reininga has a Bachelor of Science degree from Allegheny College and a Master of Business Administration degree from University of South Florida.  He has completed the American Bankers Association (ABA) course in Advanced Asset and Liability Management and is a graduate of the ABA Stonier National Graduate School of Banking.  Mr. Reininga has a sound knowledge of bank risks, internal controls and bank operations. He has served as Chairman of a family-owned real estate investment company for over fifteen years.  In connection with the family-owned business he has been responsible for the financial and general management of seven small companies. He is also involved in numerous community and non-profit organizations, either as a board member or a committee member.  Mr. Reininga has previously served as the Chairperson of the Asset/Liability Committee and served on the Audit/Risk and Loan Committees prior to becoming President and CEO.  He is currently the Chairperson of the Loan Committee and a member of the Asset/Liability Committee.  The Board of Directors believes that Mr. Reininga's experience in the banking and real estate industries and at the Company and Lake Shore Savings makes him qualified to serve as the President and Chief Executive Officer and makes him an excellent candidate to serve as a director of the Company.
		
Source: Lake Shore Bancorp, Inc. on 04/06/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Daniel P. Reininga's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Daniel P. Reininga. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Daniel P. Reininga's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Daniel P. Reininga's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Daniel P. Reininga through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Daniel P. Reininga


















Daniel P. Reininga's Connections (17)





Sign up now to view Daniel P. Reininga's 17 connections »









Sharon E. Brautigam
Board Member, Lake Shore Bancorp, Inc.









Paul J. Kolkmeyer
Former President and CEO, First Niagara Financial Group Inc.









Gary W. Winger
Chairman of the Board, Lake Shore Bancorp, Inc.









Nancy L. Yocum
Vice Chairman of the Board, Lake Shore Bancorp, Inc.









Nancy L. LaTulip
Former Vice President, Retail Banking, Lake Shore Savings Bank, Lake Shore Bancorp, Inc.









David C. Mancuso
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Lake Shore Bancorp, Inc.









Tracy S. Bennett
Board Member, Lake Shore Bancorp, Inc.









Reginald S. Corsi
Board Member, Lake Shore Bancorp, Inc.









Rachel A. Foley
Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Lake Shore Bancorp, Inc.









Beverly J. Sutton
Former Internal Auditor, Lake Shore Savings Bank, Lake Shore Bancorp, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993



















Lake Shore Bancorp, Inc. - Daniel P. Reininga - The Wall Street Transcript















































 






































Financial Services >> CEO Interviews >> April 2, 2012 Lake Shore Bancorp, Inc. – Daniel P. Reininga
Daniel P. Reininga became President and Chief Executive Officer of Lake Shore Bancorp, Inc., and Lake Shore Savings Bank on January 28, 2011. He was previously appointed the Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer of the company on January 1, 2010. He has served as a member of the board of directors since 1994 and his current term expires at the 2017 annual shareholders meeting. He served as Vice Chairman of the board from 2003 until June 2010. Mr. Reininga previously served on the Audit and Loan Committees, and is currently a member of the Asset Liability Committee. Mr. Reininga holds a Bachelor of Science in economics from Allegheny College and a Master of Business Administration from University of South Florida. He has completed the American Bankers Association — ABA — course in advanced asset and liability management, and is a graduate of the ABA Stonier National Graduate School of Banking. Mr. Reininga has a sound knowledge of bank risks, internal controls and bank operations. He has served as Chairman of a family-owned real estate investment company for more than 15 years. In connection with the family-owned business, he has been responsible for the financial and general management of seven small companies. He is also involved in numerous community and nonprofit organizations, either as a board member or committee member.  Profile




    TWST: Please begin with a brief introduction to Lake Shore Savings Bank, including some highlights from its history and an overview of its current operations?Mr. Reininga: Lake Shore Savings Bank was
    

Join for free to read a longer excerpt or purchase this article

Already a member? Login here 









CartLatest NewsAll American USC Footbal Player Joseph M. Boskovich Jr. Now Picks All American Value Stocks for his ClientsPaul Hogan Picks Tech Dividend Growers Microchip Technology (NASDAQ:MCHP), Xilinx (NASDAQ:XLNX) and Versum Materials (NYSE:VSM)600 Gallons of Water to Produce a McDonalds (NYSE:MCD) Quarter Pounder:  How Will Investors Profit?The Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesGregory D. PadillaAlberto Jimenez Crespo Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMZN 005930 AAPL MU WHR KIMBERA GS VOD PPG SHW VIV PEY Buy ($25)Building Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessDean  Pagonis Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: CMP SBH AMZN ULTA CVS LRLCY KMB WWW SDF Buy ($25)Finding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market ExpertiseZach  Miller Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: LSXMK SIRI BLL CHTR ARMK Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsInvesting Strategies Published July 24, 2017Buy ($175)Wireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesBuilding Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessFinding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market Expertise 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google














Daniel Reininga                                                                                                          - Dunkirk                                           , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



Dunkirk



Furniture



Furniture



                            Daniel Reininga
                                    



 





















D 


Daniel Reininga                                                                                                         
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



435 MAIN ST DUNKIRK, NY 14048
Get Directions



(716) 366-1611
www.grafrealty.com                                                                                      





Business Info



 Founded 1958
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $821,471.00
 Employee Count 5
 Industries Furniture
 Contacts Daniel P Reininga                                                                                                       







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Daniel Reininga                                                                                                          was founded in 1958, and is located at 435 Main St in Dunkirk. Additional information is available at www.grafrealty.com                                                                                       or by contacting Daniel P Reininga                                                                                                        at (716) 366-1611. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







D

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.




















Reininga, Daniel P. - The Wall Street Transcript











































 





































Daniel P. Reininga
Daniel P. Reininga became President and Chief Executive Officer of Lake Shore Bancorp, Inc., and Lake Shore Savings Bank on January 28, 2011. He was previously appointed the Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer of the company on January 1, 2010. He has served as a member of the board of directors since 1994 and his current term expires at the 2017 annual shareholders meeting. He served as Vice Chairman of the board from 2003 until June 2010. Mr. Reininga previously served on the Audit and Loan Committees, and is currently a member of the Asset Liability Committee. Mr. Reininga holds a Bachelor of Science in economics from Allegheny College and a Master of Business Administration from University of South Florida. He has completed the American Bankers Association — ABA — course in advanced asset and liability management, and is a graduate of the ABA Stonier National Graduate School of Banking. Mr. Reininga has a sound knowledge of bank risks, internal controls and bank operations. He has served as Chairman of a family-owned real estate investment company for more than 15 years. In connection with the family-owned business, he has been responsible for the financial and general management of seven small companies. He is also involved in numerous community and nonprofit organizations, either as a board member or committee member. 
Related Interviews:Interview with the President and CEO, and the CFO and Treasurer: Lake Shore Bancorp, Inc. (LSBK)November 07, 2014Lake Shore Bancorp, Inc. - Daniel P. ReiningaApril 02, 2012







CartLatest NewsAll American USC Footbal Player Joseph M. Boskovich Jr. Now Picks All American Value Stocks for his ClientsPaul Hogan Picks Tech Dividend Growers Microchip Technology (NASDAQ:MCHP), Xilinx (NASDAQ:XLNX) and Versum Materials (NYSE:VSM)600 Gallons of Water to Produce a McDonalds (NYSE:MCD) Quarter Pounder:  How Will Investors Profit?The Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesGregory D. PadillaAlberto Jimenez Crespo Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMZN 005930 AAPL MU WHR KIMBERA GS VOD PPG SHW VIV PEY Buy ($25)Building Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessDean  Pagonis Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: CMP SBH AMZN ULTA CVS LRLCY KMB WWW SDF Buy ($25)Finding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market ExpertiseZach  Miller Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: LSXMK SIRI BLL CHTR ARMK Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsInvesting Strategies Published July 24, 2017Buy ($175)Wireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesBuilding Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessFinding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market Expertise 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google












Interview With The President And CEO: Lake Shore Bancorp, Inc. (LSBK) - Daniel P. ReiningaHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearchSkip to NavigationSkip to Main ContentSkip to Related Content0Interview With The President And CEO: Lake Shore Bancorp, Inc. (LSBK) - Daniel P. ReiningaWall Street TranscriptApril 3, 2012ReblogShareTweetShare67 WALL STREET, New York - April 3, 2012 - The Wall Street Transcript has just published its S&Ls, Investment Banks and Asset Management Report offering a timely review of the sector to serious investors and industry executives. This special feature contains expert industry commentary through in-depth interviews with public company CEOs, Equity Analysts and Money Managers. The full issue is available by calling (212) 952-7433 or via The Wall Street Transcript Online.Topics covered: Regional Loan Growth Trends - Dodd-Frank Creates Opportunities for Brokers - Midcap Banks' Market Share Gains - Exchanges Trading Volumes and Cash FlowCompanies include: E*TRADE (ETFC); F.N.B. Corporation (FNB); Interactive Brokers (IBKR); Provident New York (PBNY); and many more.In the following brief excerpt from the  S&Ls, Investment Banks and Asset Management Report, expert analysts discuss the outlook for the sector and for investors.Daniel P. Reininga became President and Chief Executive Officer of Lake Shore Bancorp, Inc., and Lake Shore Savings in January 2011. He previously was appointed the Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer of the company in January 2010. He is nominated to serve as a Director for a term expiring at the 2014 annual meeting. He served as Vice Chairman of the board from 2003 to June 2010. Mr. Reininga has a B.S. in economics from Allegheny College and holds an MBA from the University of South Florida. He has completed the American Bankers Association course in advanced asset and liability management and is a graduate of the ABA Stonier National Graduate School of Banking. He has served as Chairman of a family-owned real estate investment company for more than 15 years. In connection with the family-owned business, he has been responsible for the financial and general management of seven small companies.TWST: Please begin with a brief introduction to Lake Shore Savings Bank, including some highlights from its history and an overview of its current operations?Mr. Reininga: Lake Shore Savings Bank was founded in 1891. Originally chartered as a savings and loan association, Lake Shore has been serving our community for 120 years. In April of 2006, we completed a first-step initial public offering with approximately 45% of our stock being sold to the public, and the remaining 55% of Lake Shore Bancorp (LSBK) shares being retained by the mutual holding company. The capital raised though our initial public offering was used to expand our business operations in Erie County, New York. We have five branches in Chautauqua County and now five branches in Erie County, with our last branch in Erie County being opened in April of 2010.TWST: For the bank, how has loan growth held up during the recession? And which categories of loans have been more resilient than others?Mr. Reininga: Year over year, our loan growth basically has been stable. Our net loans increased 4.6% from year-end 2010 to year-end 2011, with the mix of the loan portfolio weighted a bit more toward commercial real estate loans. Yields, obviously, are a bit better in the commercial real estate lending marketplace. We are not chasing yields by originating commercial real estate loans, but we look at that product type as an opportunity to take advantage of conservative higher-yielding loan originations. My background as a real estate developer is one of the strengths that I bring to Lake Shore by fully understanding the risks and rewards associated with conservative commercial real estate lending opportunities. Our commercial real estate portfolio grew from $33.8 million year-end 2010 to $44.8 million year-end 2011, which is a 32.5% increase year over year in that portfolio. So that has been a good growth opportunity for us. Conservative commercial real estate lending has helped to keep our yields on our loan portfolio higher, and we've enjoyed that.TWST: Which outstanding or recently enacted regulatory issues are most impactful for Lake Shore and how are you managing that impact?Mr. Reininga: Lake Shore Savings Bank, prior to July 21, 2011, was governed by the Office of Thrift Supervision, OTS. Our mid-tier savings and loan holding company and our mutual holding company were governed by the OTS as well. So we had an examination approach geared to one-stop shopping prior to July 21, 2011. Now, Lake Shore Saving Bank is regulated by the OCC, and the two holding companies are regulated by the Federal Reserve Bank, specifically the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia. The regulatory shift has created a little bit of uncertainty for us.Additionally, the regulatory environment in regards to the Dodd-Frank Act has created tremendous uncertainty for many banks, including ours. The regulatory statutes of the Dodd-Frank Act will eventually impose new capital levels that we will have to maintain. The regulatory guidance has yet to establish what the new capital levels will be, and the regulators have a wink-wink approach to what the new capital levels may be, but there is nothing formally published about the new levels.We do have a very aggressive approach to making sure that we are meeting the needs of our new regulators, whether with respect to enterprise risk management or incorporating changes to our policies to accommodate the different approach to achieve expectations mandated from the regulatory component of our business. We've been very aggressive at making sure that we implement policies to comply with known regulatory changes. Our last exam from the OTS was in April of 2011. So we expect an OCC exam probably by the fourth quarter of 2012. We are looking forward to our first OCC exam with great anticipation. The exam will be our report card on how well we've managed to address the initial transition from the OTS to the OCC.The Wall Street Transcript is a unique service for investors and industry researchers - providing fresh commentary and insight through verbatim interviews with CEOs and research analysts. This special issue is available by calling (212) 952-7433 or via The Wall Street Transcript Online.The Wall Street Transcript does not endorse the views of any interviewees nor does it make stock recommendations.For Information on subscribing to The Wall Street Transcript, please call 800/246-7673ReblogShareTweetSharePopular in the CommunityMan says he killed wife aboard cruise ship because 'she would not stop laughing at me': Affidavit2,620 reactions4%73%23%Discover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredClashes in Venezuela ahead of Sunday’s election30 reactions6%60%34%Mario Cantone Perfectly Captures Trump's New BFF Anthony Scaramucci401 reactions6%66%28%Consumers, businesses lift U.S. economic growth in second quarter104 reactions8%74%18%Engineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredPortugal battles raging wildfires17 reactions0%68%32%The Note: The end for repeal and replace13 reactions4%85%11%Luis Fonsi On Justin Bieber's Spanish, 'Despacito' Hitting No. 1530 reactions3%80%17%A Penny-Crypto Miracle Making Some Americans RichAgora FinancialSponsoredSenate 'skinny repeal' of Obamacare falls apart on Senate floor after McCain defects6,628 reactions6%67%27%Grandmother lays in pool of blood playing dead after being attacked night before her husband's funeral1,279 reactions6%71%23%Russia orders cut in US diplomats in reaction to sanctions664 reactions3%75%22%Zuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredDeadly accident at the Ohio State Fair97 reactions3%81%16%Insomniac Theater: 'Atomic Blonde' and 'The Emoji Movie'3 reactions0%67%33%Senate 'skinny repeal' of Obamacare falls apart on Senate floor after McCain defectsDonovan: 3 Republicans and 48 Democrats let the American people down?!? Sorry Trump! But all I see is one incompetent idiot in the White House, who have let the American people down!!!Join the Conversation1 / 56.6k








