





 
Jon Erik Reinhardsen Joins Board of Directors




















































Toggle navigation




 Login
 Sign-up







                        HOME
                    



                            MY NEWSBOARD
                        



                            HOW IT WORKS
                        



                            LOGIN
                        



                            REGISTER
                        







Go














Jon Erik Reinhardsen Joins Board of Directors
                                
                            


 Oct 26, 2016 
 Pr Newswire  

 PR Newswire
                                    

                                    











HOUSTON, Oct. 26, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Oceaneering International, Inc. ("Oceaneering") (NYSE: OII) announced today that Jon Erik Reinhardsen has been elected to its Board of Directors.  Mr. Reinhardsen is currently the President and Chief Executive Officer of Petroleum Geo-Services ASA ("PGS"), an international marine geophysical company providing a broad range of seismic and reservoir services, positions he has held since April 2008.  Prior to joining PGS, Mr. Reinhardsen served as Alcoa, Inc.'s President, Global Primary Products Growth from 2005 to 2008.  Mr. Reinhardsen joined Alcoa after more than twenty years in Aker Kvaerner ASA, where he held various positions, lastly serving as Group Executive Vice President with responsibility for global product businesses and contracting operations outside Europe.  Mr. Reinhardsen holds a master's degree in Applied Mathematics and Geophysics from the University of Bergen, Norway.  He currently serves on the boards of Borregaard ASA, Telenor ASA and AWilhelmsen Management AS.Oceaneering's Chairman of the Board, John R. Huff, stated, "We are pleased to welcome Jon Erik to Oceaneering.  His principled leadership, integrity and attention to safety align perfectly with Oceaneering's core values.  We look forward to benefiting from Jon Erik's international perspective, knowledge of the global energy industry, technical experience and operational insights."  Oceaneering is a global provider of engineered services and products, primarily to the offshore oil and gas industry, with a focus on deepwater applications.  Through the use of its applied technology expertise, Oceaneering also serves the defense, entertainment, and aerospace industries.



Same Article From Other Sources





Oct 27, 2016
                                            : Oceaneering International elects new director 
 Oil Voice










Related Press Releases





Jul 13, 2017
                                                : 2nd quarter and half year results 2017 - Strong performance, strong results



Jul 03, 2017
                                                : PGS Signs Agreement with South African SAMREF for use of Surplus Data



Jun 29, 2017
                                                : Agreement with Institute of Marine Research for use of Surplus Data



Jun 15, 2017
                                                : PGS Introduces GeoStreamer PURE to Derisk Exploration in Northwest Europe



Jun 14, 2017
                                                : PGS Develops New Workflow to Quantify Uncertainties Associated with Model Building and Prestack Imaging..



Jun 13, 2017
                                                : PGS Showcases Efficient Broadband Least-Squares Wave-Equation Migration



Jun 02, 2017
                                                : New First Break Article on Separated Wavefields



May 26, 2017
                                                : PGS and TGS Announce Fourth 3D Seismic Project Offshore Eastern Canada



May 23, 2017
                                                : PGS and TGS Ramp Up 3D Activity Offshore Eastern Canada



May 22, 2017
                                                : Mandatory notification of trade primary insiders





Related News





Jul 27, 2017
Oceaneering International Inc Jumps Back Into the Black



Jul 27, 2017
PGS Cuts Deficit as Revenues Rise 31%



Jul 26, 2017
Canada High Court Landmark Decisions Back NEB, Define Acceptable Consideration of Aboriginal Claims



Jul 14, 2017
Kvaerner: 2nd quarter and half year results 2017 - Strong performance, strong results



Jul 14, 2017
Kvaerner: 2nd quarter and half year results 2017 - Strong performance, strong results



Jul 13, 2017
Hebron platform installed offshore Newfoundland



Jul 13, 2017
ABB supports Nyhamna gas plant expansion in Norway



Jul 03, 2017
PGS to Provide Surplus Data to SAMREF



Jul 03, 2017
PGS signs agreement with South African SAMREF for use of surplus data



Jun 29, 2017
PGS to Share Surplus Data with IMR Norway



















2017 © O&GLinks. All Rights Reserved.

About Us | Contact Us
                | Terms & Conditions










Stay on top of the latest happenings in the Oil & Gas industry across the globe. Download the O&GLinks App today. It's user-friendly, effective, and FREE!






































×
Login | Register





Register
Login




Not a member? Register today, it's free. 
O&GLinks provides you with the power to connect to all things oil and gas-related.

  Create your own newsfeed and get custom content adapted to your interests.
  Follow news from any company, country, activity in oil and gas

Already a member? Login here


Name

Email Address *



Choose Your Password *

Minimum 6 characters


Confirm Password *





Register


















Login


Forgot your Password ?
no worries, click here to reset your password.





Change your password
Let’s find your account







Continue



















×
Share
































 



 Jon Erik Reinhardsen Joins Board of Directors 
         










    










 













 











 



















Jon Erik Reinhardsen Joins Board of Directors
        																																						
              











 News provided by
Oceaneering International, Inc.  
Oct 26, 2016, 17:00 ET









 Share this article




























































HOUSTON, Oct. 26, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Oceaneering International, Inc. ("Oceaneering") (NYSE:   OII) announced today that Jon Erik Reinhardsen has been elected to its Board of Directors.  Mr. Reinhardsen is currently the President and Chief Executive Officer of Petroleum Geo-Services ASA ("PGS"), an international marine geophysical company providing a broad range of seismic and reservoir services, positions he has held since April 2008.  








Prior to joining PGS, Mr. Reinhardsen served as Alcoa, Inc.'s President, Global Primary Products Growth from 2005 to 2008.  Mr. Reinhardsen joined Alcoa after more than twenty years in Aker Kvaerner ASA, where he held various positions, lastly serving as Group Executive Vice President with responsibility for global product businesses and contracting operations outside Europe.  Mr. Reinhardsen holds a master's degree in Applied Mathematics and Geophysics from the University of Bergen, Norway.  He currently serves on the boards of Borregaard ASA, Telenor ASA and AWilhelmsen Management AS. 
Oceaneering's Chairman of the Board, John R. Huff, stated, "We are pleased to welcome Jon Erik to Oceaneering.  His principled leadership, integrity and attention to safety align perfectly with Oceaneering's core values.  We look forward to benefiting from Jon Erik's international perspective, knowledge of the global energy industry, technical experience and operational insights."  
Oceaneering is a global provider of engineered services and products, primarily to the offshore oil and gas industry, with a focus on deepwater applications.  Through the use of its applied technology expertise, Oceaneering also serves the defense, entertainment, and aerospace industries. 
For more information on Oceaneering, please visit www.oceaneering.com.
Contact: Suzanne Spera Director, Investor Relations Oceaneering International, Inc. 713-329-4707 investorrelations@oceaneering.com  

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/jon-erik-reinhardsen-joins-board-of-directors-300351948.html
SOURCE Oceaneering International, Inc.
 Related Links

http://www.oceaneering.com



 












Oct 27, 2016, 18:05 ET
Preview: Oceaneering Declares Quarterly Dividend













Oct 17, 2016, 07:01 ET
Preview: Oceaneering Completes Acquisition of Blue Ocean Technologies, Expanding Subsea Services into Riserless Light Well Intervention






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 

Jul 26, 2017, 17:02 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Oceaneering Reports Second Quarter 2017 Results








 

Jul 26, 2017, 17:01 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Oceaneering Declares Quarterly Dividend





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Gas
  Oil & Energy
  Utilities
Personnel Announcements








 You just read:
Jon Erik Reinhardsen Joins Board of Directors


 News provided by
Oceaneering International, Inc.  
Oct 26, 2016, 17:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 












Jon Erik Reinhardsen Joins Board of Directors

















































Data 

Stocks
Events Calendar
Sectors
Investment Strategies
ETFs
CEFs
Mutual Funds
Indices
Economic Indicators
Economic Calendar
News



Tools 

Dashboard
Fundamental Chart
Technical Chart
Equity Screener
Fund Screener
Comp Tables
Timeseries Analysis
Excel
API



Support 

Support Topics
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Careers
Financial Glossary


Plans
Free Trial
Sign In

 



Free Trial
Sign In



























Data 

Stocks
Events Calendar
Sectors
Investment Strategies
ETFs
CEFs
Mutual Funds
Indices
Economic Indicators
Economic Calendar
News



Tools 

Dashboard
Fundamental Chart
Technical Chart
Equity Screener
Fund Screener
Comp Tables
Timeseries Analysis
Excel
API



Support 

Support Topics
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Careers
Financial Glossary


Plans
Free Trial
Sign In

 



Free Trial
Sign In











Jon Erik Reinhardsen Joins Board of Directors

October 26, 2016 17:00

HOUSTON, Oct. 26, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Oceaneering International, Inc. ("Oceaneering") (NYSE:OII) announced today that Jon Erik Reinhardsen has been elected to its Board of Directors.  Mr. Reinhardsen is currently the President and Chief Executive Officer of Petroleum Geo-Services ASA ("PGS"), an international marine geophysical company providing a broad range of seismic and reservoir services, positions he has held since April 2008.  Prior to joining PGS, Mr. Reinhardsen served as Alcoa, Inc.'s President, Global Primary Products Growth from 2005 to 2008.  Mr. Reinhardsen joined Alcoa after more than twenty years in Aker Kvaerner ASA, where he held various positions, lastly serving as Group Executive Vice President with responsibility for global product businesses and contracting operations outside Europe.  Mr. Reinhardsen holds a master's degree in Applied Mathematics and Geophysics from the University of Bergen, Norway.  He currently serves on the boards of Borregaard ASA, Telenor ASA and AWilhelmsen Management AS. Oceaneering's Chairman of the Board, John R. Huff, stated, "We are pleased to welcome Jon Erik to Oceaneering.  His principled leadership, integrity and attention to safety align perfectly with Oceaneering's core values.  We look forward to benefiting from Jon Erik's international perspective, knowledge of the global energy industry, technical experience and operational insights."  Oceaneering is a global provider of engineered services and products, primarily to the offshore oil and gas industry, with a focus on deepwater applications.  Through the use of its applied technology expertise, Oceaneering also serves the defense, entertainment, and aerospace industries. For more information on Oceaneering, please visit www.oceaneering.com.Contact: Suzanne Spera Director, Investor Relations Oceaneering International, Inc. 713-329-4707 investorrelations@oceaneering.com  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/jon-erik-reinhardsen-joins-board-of-directors-300351948.htmlSOURCE  Oceaneering International, Inc. 




Related Stories


Sector Update: Energy Stocks Turn Lower As Crude Oil Settles Under $49 Per Barrel
MT Newswires
            10/28 15:46 ET
        

Sector Update: Energy Stocks Rising Despite New Slide for Crude Oil
MT Newswires
            10/28 13:11 ET
        

Oceaneering sinks on weakening Q3 revenues, big dividend cut
SA Breaking News
            10/28 12:17 ET
        

Oceaneering International Drops to 6-Year Low; Amid Q3 Sales Miss, Downbeat Guidance; Slashes Dividend
MT Newswires
            10/28 11:23 ET
        

Oceaneering declares $0.15 dividend
SA Breaking News
            10/27 18:11 ET
        

Oceaneering Announces BP Angola Two-Year Contract Extension
PR Newswire
            10/27 18:09 ET
        

Oceaneering beats by $0.01, misses on revenue
SA Breaking News
            10/27 18:08 ET
        

Oceaneering Reports Third Quarter 2016 Results
PR Newswire
            10/27 18:06 ET
        

Oceaneering Declares Quarterly Dividend
PR Newswire
            10/27 18:05 ET
        

Research Reports Coverage on Oil & Gas Stocks -- Oceaneering, RPC Inc., Hornbeck Offshore Services, and Bristow
PR Newswire
            10/27 08:17 ET
        



Advertisement














{{root.upsell.info.feature_headline}}.

            {{root.upsell.info.feature_description}}
            
Please note that this feature is only available as an add-on to YCharts subscriptions.
            

Please note that this feature requires full activation of your account and is not permitted during the free trial period.
            













            {{root.upsell.info.call_to_action}}
        

            No credit card required.
        


Already a subscriber?
Sign in.
            
























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Jon Erik Reinhardsen, Petroleum Geo-Services ASA: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  































Feedback





Jon Erik Reinhardsen

President/CEO,
Petroleum Geo-Services ASA






Career History




President/CEO
Petroleum Geo-Services UK Ltd, 2008-8/31/2017


President/CEO
Petroleum Geo-Services ASA, 4/2008-8/31/2017


Vice President
Seismic Exploration Canada Ltd, 2005-2007


Executive Vice President
Aker Kvaerner ASA, 5/2003-2005


Executive Vice President
Kvaerner ASA, 2002-5/2003


Pres:Global Primary Growth
Alcoa Primary Metals, 2005-UNKNOWN


Vice President
Alcoa Inc, 2005-UNKNOWN



Aker Solutions ASA, FORMER



Aker Maritime ASA, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.pgs.com






Corporate Information
Address:

Lilleakerveien 4C
PO Box 251
Lilleaker, N-0216
Norway


Phone:
47-67-52-64-00


Fax:
47-67-52-64-64


Web url:
www.pgs.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



International Institute for Management Development
Graduated, 1991


University of Bergen/The
Master's Degree, Mathematics


University of Bergen/The
Master's Degree, Geology


Show More








Memberships



Board Memberships




Awilhelmsen Management AS


Board Member, PRESENT




Borregaard ASA


Board Member, 2016-PRESENT




Oceaneering Intl Inc


Board Member, 10/2016-PRESENT




Telenor ASA


Board Member, 5/2014-PRESENT




Cameron Intl Corp


Board Member, 6/2009-2016




Hoegh Lng Holdings Ltd


Board Member, 2006-9/2014




Hoegh Autoliners Holdings AS


Board Member, 2005-UNKNOWN



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Jon Erik Reinhardsen Joins Board of Directors - MarketWatch

















































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings




















press release


					Oct. 26, 2016, 5:00 p.m. EDT
				
Jon Erik Reinhardsen Joins Board of Directors
























HOUSTON, Oct. 26, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Oceaneering International, Inc. ("Oceaneering")                 

/quotes/zigman/236914/composite OII
+2.49%


 announced today that Jon Erik Reinhardsen has been elected to its Board of Directors.  Mr. Reinhardsen is currently the President and Chief Executive Officer of Petroleum Geo-Services ASA ("PGS"), an international marine geophysical company providing a broad range of seismic and reservoir services, positions he has held since April 2008.  


                                        








Prior to joining PGS, Mr. Reinhardsen served as Alcoa, Inc.'s President, Global Primary Products Growth from 2005 to 2008.  Mr. Reinhardsen joined Alcoa after more than twenty years in Aker Kvaerner ASA, where he held various positions, lastly serving as Group Executive Vice President with responsibility for global product businesses and contracting operations outside Europe.  Mr. Reinhardsen holds a master's degree in Applied Mathematics and Geophysics from the University of Bergen, Norway.  He currently serves on the boards of Borregaard ASA, Telenor ASA and AWilhelmsen Management AS.


                                        








Oceaneering's Chairman of the Board, John R. Huff, stated, "We are pleased to welcome Jon Erik to Oceaneering.  His principled leadership, integrity and attention to safety align perfectly with Oceaneering's core values.  We look forward to benefiting from Jon Erik's international perspective, knowledge of the global energy industry, technical experience and operational insights."  


                                        








Oceaneering is a global provider of engineered services and products, primarily to the offshore oil and gas industry, with a focus on deepwater applications.  Through the use of its applied technology expertise, Oceaneering also serves the defense, entertainment, and aerospace industries.


                                        








For more information on Oceaneering, please visit         www.oceaneering.com
.


                                        








Contact:         
Suzanne Spera        
Director, Investor Relations         
Oceaneering International, Inc.         
713-329-4707         
investorrelations@oceaneering.com

         









To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:        http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/jon-erik-reinhardsen-joins-board-of-directors-300351948.html









SOURCE  Oceaneering International, Inc.


                                        








Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved
                    



/quotes/zigman/236914/composite 





 Add to watchlist
                    
OII




Oceaneering International Inc.


                US
                
                    : U.S.: NYSE
                
            




$
25.48



+0.62
+2.49%




Volume: 2.76M
July 27, 2017 4:01p






P/E RatioN/A
Dividend Yield2.35%




Market Cap$2.50 billion
Rev. per Employee$214,939





 









 










































Most Popular





1.






The dark side of cruises






2.






Coca-Cola to replace Coke Zero in U.S.






3.





Market Snapshot

Dow ends at record, but tech slump weighs on S&P 500, Nasdaq






4.






If you can buy only one stock or ETF, make it this one






5.





Barron's Buzz

How to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay








Find a Broker

Partner Center »























Featured Stories





Seeing America again through new eyes







How to dig yourself out of debt







Move over, Tesla? Karma unveils its hybrid sports car







The salary you need to afford a home in these 25 cities







Why OPEC will never cut production again













Log In




9:23 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:18aGet ready for the less-profitable Amazon that you used to know 
9:18a‘Skinny’ repeal of Obamacare fails to pass in late-night Senate vote
9:17aGold turns higher as dollar holds loss after GDP report shows as-expected rebound
9:14aScaramucci provides a shocking Bannon comparison that defies anatomy
9:13aStock futures trim losses after GDP data; tech shares weight on Nasdaq 
9:12aMattel stock price target cut to $22 from $24 at D.A. Davidson
9:11aStarbucks stock price target cut to $67 from $70 at Instinet
9:11aMasterCard stock price target raised to $153 from $134 at Instinet
9:11aCan Snap fall even more as lockups expire?
9:10aA high-powered Florida couple announces their ‘Trump Divorce’
9:10aVerizon stock price target raised to $47 from $46 at Instinet
9:10aAmazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift
9:09aKLA-Tencor stock price target raised to $100 from $95 at Instinet
9:09aU.S. GDP speeds up to 2.6% in 2nd quarter 
9:08aHot Pie from ‘Game of Thrones’ is selling direwolf bread in real life
9:08aEllie Mae's stock set for record selloff after results disappoints, outlook slashed
9:00aStock market set to extend fresh tech rout as Amazon disappoints; GDP data ahead
8:54aAtlantic Media selling ownership stake to organization run by Laurene Powell Jobs
8:50aRetail investors wait this long to dive into IPOs
8:44aMerck expects June cyberattack to affect company's 2017 financial performance
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



































































oceaneering-elects-jon-erik-reinhardsen-to-its-board-of-directors | milestones | news

















































































 


Offshore Source 

 


Subcable World 











 














MenuHomeOffshore SourceSubcable WorldNewsScience & TechnologyEnergySubsea Intervention & SurveyCommunicationDefenseMilestonesMagazineFeatured StoriesEventsDirectoriesUV Buyers' GuideOcean Industry DirectoryGet Listed!AdvertiseSubscribeContact 





Home 
 


Offshore Source 

 


Subcable World 




News 




Science & Technology 



Energy 



Subsea Intervention & Survey 



Communication 



Defense 



Milestones 



Magazine 



Featured Stories 



Events 



Directories 



UV Buyers' Guide 



Ocean Industry Directory 



Get Listed! 



Advertise 
 


Subscribe 




Contact 






Search ...   




























 Milestones 



 Oceaneering Elects Jon Erik Reinhardsen to its Board of Directors





Details


																								
													Posted by Ocean News 











							Published: 31 October 2016						

















View Comments



Oceaneering International, Inc. (“Oceaneering”) (NYSE:OII) announces that Jon Erik Reinhardsen has been elected to its Board of Directors. 



 

Mr. Reinhardsen is currently the President and Chief Executive Officer of Petroleum Geo-Services ASA (“PGS”), an international marine geophysical company providing a broad range of seismic and reservoir services, positions he has held since April 2008.
Prior to joining PGS, Mr. Reinhardsen served as Alcoa, Inc.’s President, Global Primary Products Growth from 2005 to 2008. Mr. Reinhardsen joined Alcoa after more than twenty years in Aker Kvaerner ASA, where he held various positions, lastly serving as Group Executive Vice President with responsibility for global product businesses and contracting operations outside Europe. Mr. Reinhardsen holds a master’s degree in Applied Mathematics and Geophysics from the University of Bergen, Norway. He currently serves on the boards of Borregaard ASA, Telenor ASA and AWilhelmsen Management AS.
Oceaneering’s Chairman of the Board, John R. Huff, stated, “We are pleased to welcome Jon Erik to Oceaneering. His principled leadership, integrity and attention to safety align perfectly with Oceaneering’s core values. We look forward to benefiting from Jon Erik’s international perspective, knowledge of the global energy industry, technical experience and operational insights.”
Oceaneering is a global provider of engineered services and products, primarily to the offshore oil and gas industry, with a focus on deepwater applications. Through the use of its applied technology expertise, Oceaneering also serves the defense, entertainment, and aerospace industries.





View the discussion thread.



			blog comments powered by DISQUS


			back to top		







Related Articles
 


 Offshore Technology Conference Elects Ne 
 






 Oceaneering Announces Vessel Charter 
 






 MTS Re‐elects Justin Manley to Board of  
 






 MTS Elects Liesl Hotaling to Board of Di 
 






 Marine Teknikk  AS to Design Subsea Supp 
 






 Study Describes How an Oil Slick Could I 
 






 Speedcast Expands Its Global Maritime VS 
 






 Unique Maritime Group Locks In Key Appoi 
 






 MRT to Expand Globally from its New Humb 
 






 Fugro Upgrades Its Electric ROV Simulato 
 






 KONGSBERG Celebrates its 200th Anniversa 
 






 Seatronics Adds Kongsberg Mesotech’s M3  
 






 NCS Survey Hires Simon Goldsworthy into  
 






 Press Release  UTEC Doubles its AUV Flee 
 






 InterMoor UK Further Expands its Managem 
 






 iXBlue GAPS makes its mark in Mexico 
 






 FUGRO EXPANDS ITS FLEET 
 






 Oceaneering Announces Acquisition of AIR 
 






 Subsea 7 S.A. Takes Action to Facilitate 
 






 Rowe Technologies takes PO from Oceaneer 
 






 MacArtney sells its first LISST to DNV 
 






 Van Oord Orders New SRI Vessel for its O 
 






 Oceaneering Announces BP Angola Contract 
 






 Seatronics Adds Teledyne RD Instruments  
 






 MTS Elects Four to Board of Directors 
 






 DeepOcean Now Working With Its New TELED 
 






 Elite Communications Selects EMC as its  
 






 Decommissioning Body Elects New Director 
 






 Unique Maritime Group Board Introduces N 
 






 ORPC Proves Design of Its Future Tidal E 
 






 ORPC Proves Design of Its Future Tidal E 
 






 Kodex, Inc. Announces its new HPX-1 Pro 
 






 Unique Wellube Announces its Expansion,  
 






 Oceaneering Announces Vessel Charter 
 






 Oceaneering Announces Promotion of Alan  
 






 EdgeTech Welcomes Tom Hiller as the Comp 
 






 C & C Technologies to be Acquired by Oce 
 






 C & C Technologies to be Acquired by Oce 
 






 Oceaneering Announces the Appointment of 
 






 Unique Maritime Group Announces Rodney M 
 






 Oceaneering Acquires C & C Technologies, 
 






 Delta SubSea Strengthens its Position in 
 






 UTEC Survey Merges its EMEA Operations 
 






 Bordelon Marine Takes Delivery of its Ne 
 






 EvoLogics Integrates a USV into its demo 
 






 Xtera Upgrades the HUGO Subsea Cable Sys 
 






 Hydro Group Expands its Portfolio with £ 
 






 COBRA Recognized for Its Innovation at t 
 






 Pioneering Acoustic Technology Company E 
 






 Bibby HydroMap Strengthens Executive Boa 
 






 NORSAT Announces Follow-on Order from Ma 
 






 Oceaneering International Aquires Equity 
 






 NORSAT announces follow-on order from ma 
 






 Oceaneering Announces the Promotion of E 
 






 Xtera Completed the Loading of Its Secon 
 






 The Southwest Pacific Reveals Some of it 
 






 Swire Seabed Strengthens Its Capabilitie 
 






 Oceaneering Announces Vessel Services Ag 
 






 WHOI Elects New Officers to its Board an 
 






 Mote Takes Next Step in Expanding Its In 
 






 Oceaneering Demonstrates Innovative Remo 
 






 2G Robotics Delivers Two Deep-rated Lase 
 






 New Appointments Further Strengthen Subs 
 






 Oceaneering Appoints Martin J. McDonald  
 






 JFD Opens New UK Offices to Optimize Thr 
 






 Sonardyne Appoints Geraint West as its N 
 






 Xtera Completes the Marine Installation  
 






 Texas A&M University System Board of Reg 
 






 Oceaneering Ranks First in Five Categori 
 






 ORBIT Receives a Follow on Order for Its 
 






 China Planning its Deep-Sea 'Dream' 
 






 Oceaneering Appoints William J. Boyle as 
 






 Harris CapRock Connectivity Enables Ocea 
 






 OceanWise to Host its First Data Managem 
 






 National Science Board Honors Sea Educat 
 






 Viper Subsea Wins Queen’s Award for Its  
 






 STR Enhances its Rental Portfolio with i 
 






 Impact Subsea Announces a New Addition t 
 






 Hydro Alternative Energy Receives Patent 
 






 Oceaneering Awarded Safety in Seas Safet 
 






 Braeden Engineering Introduces Its New M 
 






 Oceaneering Demos Live Deployment of Cos 
 






 Tara - "a Boat for the Planet" Arrives i 
 






 Fugro Deploys Its Q1400 Trenchers at Thr 
 






 The OceansAdvance Board Appoints Cathy H 
 






 Oceaneering International, Inc. Extends  
 






 The Marine Technology Society’s ROV Comm 
 






 European Marine Board Consults Member In 
 






 Oceaneering to Provide ROV and Subsea To 
 






 Oceaneering Bolsters UWILD Services with 
 






 Prysmian Strengthens Its Submarine Cable 
 






 The Ocean and Its Valuable Role in Reduc 
 






 EdgeTech Promotes Dylan Lynch and Welcom 
 






 August Feature Story - Oceaneering Inter 
 






 Ocean Renewable Power Receives Funding f 
 






 The Ocean Cleanup to Share Initial Resul 
 






 Hemisphere GNSS Announces New Eclipse™ P 
 






 Erik Anderson Joins EdgeTech as Hydrogra 
 






 Acteon Acquires Bruce Anchor and Strengt 
 






 exactEarth Launches Maritime Payloads fo 
 



Load More...


 
 
















 



  




		Thank you! Please check your email and confirm the newsletter subscription.	

		Your subscription was updated	





Sign up for our free email subscription and get notified when we add new content. 







 








	Email *


 
										It seems that you have already subscribed to this list.										Click here to update your profile.






	First Name


 




	Last Name


 









							Subscribe						





Subscription


 


Update / Renew 

 


Subscribe 



Resources



   Privacy policy  
   Search  
   Sitemap  

 

Advertise



   Advertise with us  

 
Corporate Headquarters

Ocean News & Technologyis a publication of TSC
7897 SW Jack James DriveSuite A, Stuart, FL 34997 (772)-221-7720 (772)-221-7715


























© 2017 OceanNews. All Rights Reserved.







Go to top



















Bio | Jon Erik Reinhardsen | Oil and Gas Council



































Skip to main content









 





Become a Member | Member Login 




Follow us:

iconiconicon 






Search this site 







 





Home
About UsSponsors
Executive Team
Past Speakers
Women's Oil Council
Testimonials
Contact Us
Careers

EventsAfrica Assembly
ASIA-PACIFIC ASSEMBLY
Canada Assembly
China Assembly
Gas-to-Power World Congress
North Africa Assembly
Mexico Assembly
MSGBC Basin Summit & Exhibition
Mozambique Assembly
Nigeria Assembly
NOC Assembly
North America Assembly
South America Assembly
World Oil & Gas Week
VIP & Members' Socials
All Events

ContentMeet the Members
Executive Interviews
Expert Insight
On the Spot
Videos
Image Gallery

SponsorshipSponsorship Benefits
Lead Sponsors
Premium Sponsors
Associate Sponsors
Become a Sponsor

Become a Member
Energy Council
GetEnergy





 




























  
  
  
 Jon Erik Reinhardsen 
 President,
PGS  
  
   

 






Mr Reinhardsen joined PGS in April 2008 as President and Chief Executive Officer. Prior to heading PGS, he was Alcoa’s President, Global Primary Products Growth. At Alcoa, he was responsible for developing and implementing major primary metals and refining growth opportunities for the company worldwide. Mr Reinhardsen joined Alcoa from Norway-based Aker Solutions ASA, an international engineering and construction contractor for the oil, gas, chemicals, petrochemicals, mining, and metal processing industries. As Group Executive Vice President for Aker Solutions based in Houston, Texas, he was responsible for all non-European contracting operations and product businesses worldwide.
Earlier in his career, Mr Reinhardsen led Aker Maritime ASA’s Global Products business and was engaged in merger and acquisition activities, new business development, marketing and sales, and investor relations. He also led Aker ASA’s seismic venture Aker Geo that was later sold to CGG. In June 2009, Mr Reinhardsen was elected to the board of directors of Cameron. He is also a member of the board of directors of Telenor ASA and Awilhelmsen AS. Mr Reinhardsen earned a master’s degree in Applied Mathematics and Geophysics from the University of Bergen, Norway. He completed the International Executive Program of the Institute for Management Development (IMD) in Lausanne, Switzerland in 1991.

Jon Erik Reinhardsen spoke at World Oil and Gas Week, click here for more information
 
















United Kingdom

T: +44 20 7384 8056Bedford House 69-71 Fulham High Street London SW6 3JW





Singapore

T: +65 6590 3978
78 Shenton Way
#20-03
Singapore
079120





Houston - USA

T: +1 713 353 4633Two Allen Center, 1200 Smith Street, Floor 16, Suite 6061Houston, TX, 77002USA





Lagos - Nigeria

T: +44 787 550 6366
No. 92 Oduduwa Crescent,
G.R.A., Ikeja
Lagos State
Nigeria
 
 





South Africa

+27 21 001 3884
Great Westerford
Corner Main Rd & Dean Street
Newlands 7700
Cape Town




 

  




Jon Erik Reinhardsen Joins Board of DirectorsHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets open in 7 mins.S&P Futures2,466.00-6.00 (-0.24%)Dow Futures21,709.00-34.00 (-0.16%)Nasdaq Futures5,873.75-35.75 (-0.60%)Jon Erik Reinhardsen Joins Board of DirectorsPR NewswireOctober 26, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareHOUSTON, Oct. 26, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Oceaneering International, Inc. ("Oceaneering") (OII) announced today that Jon Erik Reinhardsen has been elected to its Board of Directors.  Mr. Reinhardsen is currently the President and Chief Executive Officer of Petroleum Geo-Services ASA ("PGS"), an international marine geophysical company providing a broad range of seismic and reservoir services, positions he has held since April 2008.  Prior to joining PGS, Mr. Reinhardsen served as Alcoa, Inc.'s President, Global Primary Products Growth from 2005 to 2008.  Mr. Reinhardsen joined Alcoa after more than twenty years in Aker Kvaerner ASA, where he held various positions, lastly serving as Group Executive Vice President with responsibility for global product businesses and contracting operations outside Europe.  Mr. Reinhardsen holds a master's degree in Applied Mathematics and Geophysics from the University of Bergen, Norway.  He currently serves on the boards of Borregaard ASA, Telenor ASA and AWilhelmsen Management AS.Oceaneering's Chairman of the Board, John R. Huff, stated, "We are pleased to welcome Jon Erik to Oceaneering.  His principled leadership, integrity and attention to safety align perfectly with Oceaneering's core values.  We look forward to benefiting from Jon Erik's international perspective, knowledge of the global energy industry, technical experience and operational insights."  Oceaneering is a global provider of engineered services and products, primarily to the offshore oil and gas industry, with a focus on deepwater applications.  Through the use of its applied technology expertise, Oceaneering also serves the defense, entertainment, and aerospace industries.For more information on Oceaneering, please visit www.oceaneering.com.Contact: Suzanne Spera Director, Investor Relations Oceaneering International, Inc. 713-329-4707 investorrelations@oceaneering.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/jon-erik-reinhardsen-joins-board-of-directors-300351948.htmlReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextWind Projects in Peril as Indian States Rethink PurchasesBloombergEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredAmazon Surpasses $500B Mark, Bezos Briefly Becomes the World’s Richest PersonInvestopediaLook for Tweets and Facebook Posts In Peltz's Procter & Gamble Battle Over Retail VotesThe StreetMy next car is electrified, says Shell CEOAutoblogDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredStarbucks puts spotlight on China as U.S. growth coolsReutersConsumers, businesses lift U.S. economic growth in second quarterReutersTrump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverageYahoo FinanceThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredSean Hannity responds to claim he ran up a $42,000 tab at Trump's hotel after flying in a 70-year-old lobster from MaineBusiness InsiderTwitter is only famous now because of President Trump: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoGDP — What you need to know in markets on FridayYahoo Finance$20 Bitcoin Jackpot Could Explode By July 28Agora FinancialSponsoredRepublicans warn Trump: No confirmation hearing for a Sessions replacement, and no recess appointment eitherBusiness InsiderExxon profit nearly doubles, but falls short of expectationsReutersSenate 'skinny repeal' of Obamacare falls apart on Senate floor after McCain defectsDonovan: 3 Republicans and 48 Democrats let the American people down?!? Sorry Trump! But all I see is one incompetent idiot in the White House, who have let the American people down!!!Join the Conversation1 / 56.6k








