

	TEAM REIN REAL ESTATE SERVICES Trademark of Rein, Douglas G. Serial Number: 78664212 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Leather Products (not including cloth...
TEAM REIN REAL ESTATE SERVICES










 
Get FREE email alerts













TEAM REIN REAL ESTATE SERVICES  Trademark Information
 Rein, Douglas G
team rein




Perfect for these industries

Leather Products (not including clothing)





Words that describe this mark
team   rein    
                                    




This is a brand page for the TEAM REIN REAL ESTATE SERVICES trademark by Rein, Douglas G 
                                in Vestal, , 13850.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this TEAM REIN REAL ESTATE SERVICES trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Rein, Douglas G of the TEAM REIN REAL ESTATE SERVICES trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the TEAM REIN REAL ESTATE SERVICES trademark.
                           






 a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        TEAM REIN REAL ESTATE SERVICES by 
                        Rein, Douglas G, Vestal 13850.
                        The USPTO has given the TEAM REIN REAL ESTATE SERVICES 
                        trademark serial  number of  78664212.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is UNPAID GOVERNMENT FEES OR CHARGEBACK.
                        The correspondent listed for TEAM REIN REAL ESTATE SERVICES is 
                        
                        
                                            REIN, DOUGLAS G of 
                                            515 FRONT ST,  VESTAL, NY 13850-1418,  
                                .
                            The TEAM REIN REAL ESTATE SERVICES trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Leather Products (not including clothing)
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for TEAM REIN REAL ESTATE SERVICES 
                            is team rein. 
                            





Word mark:
 TEAM REIN REAL ESTATE SERVICES


  Status/Status Date:  


UNPAID GOVERNMENT FEES OR CHARGEBACK

2/7/2006



  Serial Number:  
78664212


  Filing Date:  
FILING DATE NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
team rein


 Mark Description: 
The mark consists of House graphic with words team rein on the right of the house. Real estate services in lighter font underneath words team rein ..


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
N/A


Last Applicant/Owner:

Rein, Douglas GVestal 13850
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design + Words


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                    Other stylized houses  (Dwellings, Building, Monuments, Stadium, Fountains, Structural works and Building materials  -    Dwellings, cages or kennels) see more design...


                                                    Two squares (Geometric figures and solids   -  Squares) see more design...


                                                    Squares that are completely or partially shaded (Geometric figures and solids   -  Squares) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


REIN, DOUGLAS G
515 FRONT ST
VESTAL, NY 13850-1418







 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (018) - Leather and imitations of leather, and goods made of these materials and not included in other classes; animal skins, hides; trunks and travelling bags; umbrellas, parasols and walking sticks; whips, harness and saddlery. 


First Use Anywhere: 
11/10/1987


First Use In Commerce: 
11/10/1987





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your TEAM REIN REAL ESTATE SERVICES trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

2/7/2006
UNPAID GOVERNMENT FEES OR CHARGEBACK


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



REIN, DOUGLAS G


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of TEAM REIN REAL ESTATE SERVICES trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search teamreinrealestatese on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for TEAM REIN REAL ESTATE SERVICES 




TEAM REIN REAL ESTATE SERVICES is providing team rein.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Corporate Leadership - TESSCO.com


























 





About Us
InvestorsPartner With TESSCONews & EventsPublicationsCareers in Wireless 

About TESSCOLeadership    History
   The TESSCO Way
   ISO 9001
   Contact Us
 





Board of DirectorsRobert B. Barnhill, Jr.Chairman of the BoardRobert B. Barnhill, Jr. is founder, chairman, president and chief executive officer of TESSCO Technologies Incorporated. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering from Cornell University and a master’s degree in business administration from the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania.Jay G. BaitlerJay G. Baitler, age 69, has been a director of the company since 2007. He is an operating partner with Atlas Holdings, a private equity firm. Mr. Baitler also serves on the boards of Soundview Paper, Finch Paper and Twin River Paper. Prior to his retirement in 2012, Mr. Baitler was Executive Vice President of Staples and was responsible for the Contract Division, including the 2008 acquisition and integration of Corporate Express.John D. BeleticJohn D. Beletic, age 64, has served as a director of the company since July 1999 and Lead Director since August 2008. Since July 2002, Mr. Beletic has been a venture partner or operating partner with Oak Investment Partners, a venture capital firm. Mr. Beletic has been Chairman or Vice Chairman of Xiotech Inc. (X-IO Technologies), a provider of enterprise level disk storage systems since November 2011 and was President and Chief Executive Officer from November 2011 to May 2014. Mr. Beletic is also a director of Cheddars Inc, a 100+ unit restaurant company and Accent Health, a media company. He was Chairman of the Board of Directors of iPass, an internet access company, from 2008 to 2015. Earlier in his career, Mr. Beletic served as CEO of telecommunications companies Tigon Corporation, PageMart Wireless, and Weblink Wireless.Benn R. KonsynskiBenn R. Konsynski, Ph.D., age 65, has been a director of the company since November 1993. He is the George S. Craft Professor of Business Administration for Information Systems and Operations Management at the Goizueta Business School of Emory University. He is Director and founder of Emory's Center for Digital Commerce, one of the first of its kind in the country. He was named Hewlett Fellow at the Carter Center in 1995. Prior to arriving at the Goizueta Business School, he was on the faculty at the Harvard Business School for seven years, where he taught in the MBA program and several executive programs. Professor Konsynski specializes in issues of digital commerce and information technology in relationships across organizations.Dennis J. ShaughnessyDennis J. Shaughnessy, age 68, has been a director of the company since 1989. He served as Executive Chairman of the Board of FTI Consulting Inc. FTI is a leading global consulting firm with $1.8 billion in revenues with operations in 24 countries and is traded on the New York Stock Exchange with a market cap of approximately $1.6 billion. Mr. Shaughnessy retired as Chairman of FTI effective December 17, 2013. Prior to joining FTI, Mr. Shaughnessy served as General Partner of Grotech Capital Group, a private equity firm, leading its traditional industry group, managing $1.0 billion in private equity. Prior to joining Grotech, Mr. Shaughnessy had been President and CEO of CRI International, an international petroleum refining service business, which was sold to Shell Oil in 1989.Morton F. Zifferer, Jr.Morton F. Zifferer, Jr., age 67, has been a director of the company since November 1993. He has served as Chairman and CEO of New Standard Corporation, a privately held metal products manufacturing firm, since 1983. Mr. Zifferer and New Standard Corporation have partnered with several Fortune 500 companies globally to implement Six-Sigma continuous improvement activities and execute lean manufacturing techniques and sophisticated supply chain strategies and practices.Jerome C. EpplerThe late Jerome Eppler spent his entire career in the securities industry, forming his own firm, Eppler & Company in 1961. From 1953 to 1961, he was a general partner of Cyrus J. Lawrence Sons, New York – a member of the New York Stock Exchange. Also, from 1967 to 1978, Mr. Eppler served as chairman and chief executive of Insurance Securities, Inc. TESSCO Technologies appreciates Mr. Eppler's contributions and leadership during his tenure on the Board of Directors.Chief Executive Officer and PresidentRobert B. Barnhill, Jr.See biography above.Senior Vice PresidentsCraig A. OldhamCraig Oldham joined the company in 2014. He leads the Strategic Marketing organization focused on driving incremental growth through the development of our Scientific Marketing platform. Prior to joining TESSCO, Mr. Oldham, served in executive leadership positions at the American Red Cross, Zurich of North America, Allstate Insurance, Sprint, Ameritech and SBC (now AT&T). Mr. Oldham received his bachelor's degree from Indiana University and MBA from University of Illinois at Chicago.Douglas A. ReinDouglas Rein joined the Company in July 1999. Mr. Rein is senior vice president of the performance systems group. Previously, he was the director of operations for Compaq Computer Corporation and was responsible for fulfillment operations for the commercial and consumer personal computer product lines. Prior to that, he was vice president of distribution and logistics operations for Intelligent Electronics. Mr. Rein obtained both a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering and an MBA from Virginia Tech.Aric SpitulnikAric Spitulnik joined the Company in 2000. He is chief financial officer and also serves and the Company's corporate secretary and principal financial and accounting officer. From 2005 to 2013, he served as the Company's corporate controller. Prior to joining TESSCO, Mr. Spitulnik spent 6 years in public accounting. Mr. Spitulnik received a bachelor's degree and an MBA from the State University of New York at Buffalo.Steven K. TomSteven K. Tom joined the company in 2011. He leads advanced Big Data analytics, business intelligence, incubation of strategic initiatives, and the wireless training business units. Prior to TESSCO, Steven led marketing strategy and analytics at Algeco Scotsman and was a management consultant and engagement leader with Deloitte Consulting LLP's strategy practice, driving complex engagements that transformed clients' revenue growth, strategic pricing, and analytics capabilities. Steven has a bachelor's degree from the University of Maryland and an MBA from the MIT Sloan School of Management.Mark WymerMark Wymer joined the company in 2014. He leads the Market Development & Sales Group, focused in developing the proactive and solutions-based selling along with the overall customer experience. Prior to joining TESSCO, Mr. Wymer served in executive leadership roles at Hughes Network Systems and AOL/Time Warner. Mr. Wymer received his bachelor's degree from Kennesaw State University.Vice PresidentsP. Douglas Dollenberg, Jr.Thomas F. FosterJames R. GaarderJeffrey A. KaufmanCynthia L. KingSteven E. LehukeyHarold S. Kuff   Jeffrey K. LimeWilliam A. MotenMarika PattoElizabeth S. RobinsonNicholas J. SalatinoJeffrey L. ShockeyMary Beth SmithDamon M. WeatherillTed Winslow Back to Top 










 







Login
 




Forgot User ID?

Forgot Password?
Log In



Register to use TESSCO.com!









About TESSCO
					



Newsletter
					



Why TESSCO
					



Partner with TESSCO
					



Careers
					



Investors
					




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Site Map

© 2016 TESSCO, All Rights Reserved.

























Douglas Rein, Tessco Technologies Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  





















Feedback





Douglas Rein

Senior VP:Performance Systems & Ops,
Tessco Technologies Inc






Career History




Senior VP:Performance Systems & Ops
Tessco Technologies Inc, 7/1999-PRESENT


Dir:Operations
Compaq Computer Corp, FORMER









Website:
www.tessco.com






Corporate Information
Address:

11126 McCormick Road
Hunt Valley, MD 21031
United States


Phone:
1-410-229-1000


Fax:
1-410-527-0005


Web url:
www.tessco.com











From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data
































Verify real user


























Verify real user














403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.









Douglas A. Rein - Senior Vice President at TESSCO Technologies, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Douglas A. Rein
Senior Vice President at TESSCO Technologies, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Public Holdings 


Douglas A. Rein
Senior Vice President at TESSCO Technologies, Inc.



 Overview



Age



57
                                  (Born 1960)
                                              




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 648 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Business Wire
December 3, 2014





                        TESSCO Receives TL 9000 Release 5.5 Quality Management System CertificationUnique extension to ISO9001 reflects TESSCO's commitment to operational excellence                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Robert B. Barnhill, Jr.

Founder at TESSCO Technologies, Inc.




Murray Wright

Director, President & Chief Executive Officer at TESSCO Technologies, Inc.





Aric M. Spitulnik

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Secretary at TESSCO Technologies, Inc.




Elizabeth S. Robinson

Senior Vice President-Retail & Mobility at TESSCO Technologies, Inc.





David M. Young

Chief Financial Officer at Catalyst IT Services, Inc.




John D. Beletic

Operating Partner at Oak Investment Partners





Benn R. Konsynski

Director-Center for Digital Commerce at Emory University




Dennis J. Shaughnessy

Former Executive Chairman at FTI Consulting, Inc.





Morton F. Zifferer, Jr.

Chairman & Chief Executive Officer at New Standard Corp.




Gerald T. Garland

Former Chief Financial Officer at TESSCO Technologies, Inc.







See 638 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 638 More 


 


 Paths to Douglas A. Rein



            Douglas A. Rein          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Douglas A. Rein






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Douglas A. Rein.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



Bachelor's Degree in Electrical Engineering 


Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University

                  Virginia Tech takes a hands-on, engaging approach to education, preparing scholars to be leaders in their fields and communities. As the commonwealth’s most comprehensive university and its leading research institution, Virginia Tech offers 215 undergraduate and graduate degree programs to more than 30,000 students and manages a research portfolio of more than $450 million. The university fulfills its land-grant mission of transforming knowledge to practice through technological leadership and by fueling economic growth and job creation locally, regionally, and across Virginia.                




MBA 


Virginia Tech - Pamplin College of Business

                  The Pamplin College of Business generates high quality applied and theoretical research that supports superior teaching and business applications.  Graduates of the Pamplin College, applying their analytical and decision making skills, help businesses create solutions, enhancing their competitiveness in the global business environment and improving the lives of their families and society.                





 Career History



Senior Vice President

                                    1999 - Current                


TESSCO Technologies, Inc.


                  TESSCO Technologies

The convergence of wireless and the Internet is revolutionizing the way we live, work, and play. As today's wireless users expect instant access to information and connection, new systems and applications are creating challenges and opportunities at an unprecedented rate. TESSCO is there.

TESSCO delivers the latest solutions, products, services and support to help you make wireless work-—today and tomorrow. For 30 years, we have been the vital link to the best of breed, end-to-end diverse value chain solutions that help you create and maintain the most effective results for your clients. TESSCO delivers                




Operations Director

                                    Prior                


Compaq Computer Corp.


                  Compaq Computer Corp. develops and manufactures a wide range of personal computing products. The company was located in Houston, TX.                




Vice President-Distribution & Logistics Operations

                                    Prior                


Intelligent Electronics, Inc.


                  Intelligent Electronics, Inc., a subsidiary of Xerox Corp., is an American company located in Exton, PA, that provides information technology products and services. It was acquired by Xerox Corp. on 20 May 98 for $317.67 million.                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Douglas A. Rein is affiliated with
                            TESSCO Technologies, Inc., Compaq Computer Corp., Intelligent Electronics, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















	
        TESSCO - About TESSCO
        






























































Advanced Search




                Log In
					
User ID is incorrect
 />
                        Forgot User ID?

Password is incorrect

Forgot Password?

log in
                            


Register



















Understanding Your Needs,
Supporting Your Success

At TESSCO we’re committed to going above and beyond to deliver the best solution for every need, from a single source. Our comprehensive product offering, passionate and experienced team members, and versatile end-to-end services place us a step ahead when it comes to customer service and satisfaction. We’re the true total source in wireless.








                        About TESSCO
                    



                        History & Milestones
                    



                        Supplier Diversity
                    



                        Leadership
                    



                        Contact Us
                    











                    About TESSCO
                







TESSCO has a long and well established heritage in the wireless industry. We provided key equipment for the second ever cellular network built in the USA, in 1983.  And over 30 years later, TESSCO is continuing to set the pace as the leading value-added distributor to the wireless world.
We have strong relationships with the leading manufacturers that serve the wireless industry - relationships across a broader array of technologies than any other distributor - so that we can offer everything from the tower to the edge.
Our commitment to our customer’s success is demonstrated in 


The tens of thousands of customers we serve across a broad array of industries and markets;


Our relationships with manufacturing partners across a full spectrum of technologies;


Our focus on supply chain and distribution expertise, our specialized market knowledge and technical proficiency, and our broad range of solutions that augment our customers’ capabilities.  


In recognition of our outstanding quality, we have been awarded TL 9000 certification – the communication industry’s highest standard for operational excellence.
Wireless technology will continue to transform our lives.  TESSCO has the experience, expertise, and vision to stand at the forefront of the wireless evolution as the vital link connecting our partners and our customers.
TESSCO is organized into three core Business Units:




Commercial products and services


Retail products and services


Ventev product development



Commercial Products and Services

As one of the leading distributors in wireless, we supply more than 50,000 products from nearly 400 of the industry’s leading manufacturers to thousands of customers each year, ranging from private system operators to state and local governments, the federal government, system integrators, resellers, and more. Our breadth is matched only by our depth, with solutions for everything from base station infrastructure to installation and testing tools, backhaul equipment, Wi-Fi, and more. 
Retail Products and Services

As a leading provider of mobile device accessories and retail solutions, we have long standing relationships with an expansive portfolio of accessory brands and a diverse customer base, allowing us to serve as the vital link connecting our customers and manufacturer partners. We are committed to exceptional speed-to-market so our customers have the right products for new device launches and beyond. 
We also deliver a host of services including managed inventory, direct fulfillment, marketing campaigns, and training to maximize profitability for our customers. 
We serve retail markets including major and regional wireless carriers, airport retailers, regional CE retailers, cellular phone repair, food and drug, mass retailers, pre-paid wireless retailers, and the enterprise.
Ventev Product Development
Over the course of decades in the industry, we found that our customers have unmet needs – unique challenges and opportunities to enhance their wireless technology that were going unserved by our manufacturer partners. We have, through the brand name Ventev, created our own product development capability to deliver innovative solutions to support the needs of our commercial and retail markets. 
Under the Ventev name we design, manufacture, and distribute wireless infrastructure products including antennas, enclosures, and cable to deploy, protect, power, and improve the performance of wireless networks. 
We also produce premium Retail Mobile Accessories including chargers and portable batteries. Ventev allows us to complement our industry-leading service with market-driven innovation to deliver the right solution for any scenario.

Certified ISO 9001:2008 and TL 9000:2017
What is a TL 9000 Certification? 
TL 9000 is a globally recognized standard of quality management and processes geared specifically towards the Information and Communications Technology Industry. TL 9000 defines the unique communications quality system requirements for design, development, production, delivery, and service and it specifies measurements utilized to evaluate a company’s effectiveness of quality implementation and improvement programs. TL 9000 provides a consistent set of quality expectations for partners and customers. 
    
What does TESSCO’s TL 9000 Certification mean for you, the customer?
     
By being TL 9000 Certified, we’re demonstrating our commitment to excellence and quality in the way we do business, making us your most reliable wireless partner. We are held to a high standard when it comes to streamlining, training, and documenting how we do business and our capabilities are regularly assessed and graded. We most recently passed our TL 9000 surveillance audit in May 2017, continuing our certification for the fifth straight year. Our biggest competitors in the wireless industry can’t say that. 
    
Additionally, because the TL 9000 Certification is specific to the Information and Communications Technology industry it reaffirms our expertise in the wireless industry. We are expert insiders in your business and being TL 9000 Certified places us in an exclusive club of fewer than 50 companies, along with major players like AT&T, Cisco, and Verizon, who share data and best practices to ensure best-in-class service across the industry.
    Our TL 9000 Certification is all part of our promise to you, our customers, to hold ourselves to the highest standards possible and to continually update and adapt the ways we do business to keep pace with the evolving landscape of the wireless industry.
    




















        Certified ISO 9001:2008 and TL 9000
    




TESSCO Technologies Incorporated and TESSCO Incorporated are registered as ISO 9001:2008 Standard companies.





    
         Learn More
    









                    History & Milestones
                



















        Certified ISO 9001:2008 and TL 9000
    




TESSCO Technologies Incorporated and TESSCO Incorporated are registered as ISO 9001:2008 Standard companies.





    
         Learn More
    



Aireon Railroad History



Watch Video







×









                    Supplier Diversity Commitment
                



The innovative ideas provided by diverse suppliers allow us to continue to deliver superior value to our customers, to uncover new products, markets and technologies, and to develop new levels of productivity. We are committed to developing relationships with diverse suppliers (comprised of MBE, WBE and DVBE), HUBzone Small Business Concerns and Section 8(a) entities. TESSCO is proud to be a member of the National Minority Supplier Council, Inc. (NMSDC).



Our Promise to Manufacturers
At TESSCO, we define diverse suppliers as those who are certified as minority, women, or disabled veteran-owned entities. These business enterprises must be at least 51% owned, operated, and controlled by United States Citizens who:

Are Women; African, Asian, Hispanic, or Native American; Disabled Veterans
Adhere to our high quality standards—providing excellent service, competitive pricing, innovative solutions and/or products
Have a minimum of three years of business history

We also work with HUBzone entities and Section 8(a) vendors. HUBzone entities are companies located within one or more qualified census tracts, qualified non-metropolitan counties, or lands within the external boundaries of an Indian reservation. For purposes of this HUBzone designation, TESSCO recognizes small businesses that appear on the List of Qualified HUBzone Small Business Concerns, maintained by the SBA. Section 8(a) Vendors are small businesses owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals, which are certified by the SBA to participate in the Section 8(a) program.











        Certified ISO 9001:2008 and TL 9000
    




TESSCO Technologies Incorporated and TESSCO Incorporated are registered as ISO 9001:2008 Standard companies.





    
         Learn More
    


Contact TESSCO Today?


 800.472.7373
    



 Email us today.
    









                    Leadership
                









 Executive Team













            Murray Wright

President and Chief Executive Officer






                    Murray Wright, 61, joined TESSCO’s Board of Directors in September, 2016, concurrent with his appointment as President and Chief Executive Officer. Prior to joining TESSCO, Mr. Wright served from 2013 – 2015 as Chief Executive Officer and President of Zones, Inc., a global IT solutions provider. From 2010 to 2013, he 	served as President, the Americas of Tech Data Corporation, a publicly traded, global distributor of IT products and services and was Senior Vice President, U.S. 	Sales from 2006-2009. Prior to his time at Tech Data Corporation, Mr. Wright was President of Lenovo Canada Inc., General Manager of Ingram Micro Canada, 	General Manager of Sharp Electronics of Canada, Ltd.
                












            Joseph M. Cawley, Jr.
        





                    Joseph Cawley joined TESSCO in June 2017.  As the Chief Information Officer, Mr. Cawley is responsible for setting the technology direction for applications, infrastructure, networks, and data centers that provide support for TESSCO product offerings.  His top priorities are to stimulate innovation and to bring those innovations into the marketplace quickly; to apply these innovations to help the TESSCO businesses grow; and to identify and nurture new and future areas for investment and growth.  Previously, Mr. Cawley was the Vice President of IT for the Colonial Williamsburg Foundation where he led the digital transformation of web, mobile, and cloud.  He has held a number of executive positions across IBM, including the Storage Software business where he led the introduction of IBM's iSCSI network attached storage platform.  He has also held positions leading worldwide technical support for IBM’s Networking Division and the development of the WebSphere enterprise workgroup portfolio. Mr. Cawley holds a BS in Computer Science from Old Dominion University and an MS in Computer Science from Binghamton University.

                












            Charles Kriete
        





                    Charles Kriete joined the company in 2017. Mr. Kriete is Senior Vice President of Commercial Sales, Product Marketing and Supply Chain leading vendor partnerships and developing new go-to-market product and service solutions. Prior to joining TESSCO, Mr. Kriete served as Chief Marketing Officer of Kore Wireless Group, upon their acquisition of Wyless Group, where Kriete served as Chief Revenue Officer. Previously, Mr. Kriete founded a mobile technology supply chain company, OTBT, which was ultimately acquired by Tech Data Corporation. Mr. Kriete also held various positions at CDW Corporation, after completing his studies in Physics at Lake Forest College in Illinois.
                












            Jeffrey K. Lime
        





                    Jeffrey Lime joined TESSCO in 2008. Mr. Lime is Vice President and General Manager of Ventev, a proprietary manufacturing division at TESSCO Technologies 	comprised of two business units, a Wireless Infrastructure business unit and a Mobile Device Accessory business unit. Prior to joining TESSCO, Mr. Lime served 11 years in leadership roles at Danaher Corporation, his last role as President of Visual Networks and Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing for Fluke Networks. Mr. Lime received his Bachelor’s degree from West Virginia University and MBA from Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management.
                












            Craig A. Oldham
        





                    Craig Oldham joined the company in 2014. Mr. Oldham is Senior Vice President of Marketing and is focused on driving incremental growth and value through our partner and customer marketing programs. Prior to joining TESSCO, Mr. Oldham served in executive leadership positions at the American Red Cross, Zurich of North America, Allstate Insurance, Sprint, Ameritech, and SBC (now AT&T). Mr. Oldham received his Bachelor's degree from Indiana University and MBA from University of Illinois at Chicago.
                












            Douglas A. Rein
        





                    Douglas Rein joined the company in 1999. Mr. Rein is Senior Vice President of the Performance Systems and Operations groups. Previously, he was the Director of Operations for Compaq Computer Corporation and was responsible for fulfillment operations for the commercial and consumer personal computer product lines. Prior to that, he was Vice President of Distribution and Logistics Operations for Intelligent Electronics. Mr. Rein obtained both a Bachelor's degree in electrical engineering and an MBA from Virginia Tech.
                












            Elizabeth S. Robinson
        





                    Liz Robinson joined the company in 1998. Ms. Robinson is Senior Vice President of Retail Sales and Product Marketing leading the vendor partnerships, go-to-market strategies and services for the Retail market. Previously, she held several leadership positions in Sales, Business Development and Product Management at TESSCO. Prior to joining TESSCO, Ms. Robinson served in leadership positions at AT&T Capital Corporation, both in sales management and affinity program development. Ms. Robinson was educated at Washington and Lee University.
                












            Aric Spitulnik
        





                    Aric Spitulnik joined the company in 2000. Mr. Spitulnik is Chief Financial Officer and also serves as the company's corporate secretary and principal financial and accounting officer. From 2005 to 2013, he served as the Company's corporate controller. Prior to joining TESSCO, Mr. Spitulnik spent 6 years in public accounting. Mr. Spitulnik received a Bachelor's degree and an MBA from the State University of New York at Buffalo.
                












 Board of Directors












            Robert B. Barnhill, Jr.

Executive Chairman of the Board






                    Robert B. Barnhill, Jr. 72, founded TESSCO Technologies Incorporated in 1982 as Your Total Source® products for 2-way radio dealers and carriers, and evolved to serving all wireless users, operators, builders, infrastructure providers and resellers with total end-to-end wireless solutions to deploy networks and connectivity systems. In September 2016, Mr. Barnhill transitioned his role as President and Chief Executive Officer to Murray Wright, and now is Executive Chairman and remains Chairman of the Board.
                











            Murray Wright

President and Chief Executive Officer






                    Murray Wright, 61, joined TESSCO’s Board of Directors in September, 2016, concurrent with his appointment as President and Chief Executive Officer. Prior to joining TESSCO, Mr. Wright served from 2013 – 2015 as Chief Executive Officer and President of Zones, Inc., a global IT solutions provider. From 2010 to 2013, he 	served as President, the Americas of Tech Data Corporation, a publicly traded, global distributor of IT products and services and was Senior Vice President, U.S. 	Sales from 2006-2009. Prior to his time at Tech Data Corporation, Mr. Wright was President of Lenovo Canada Inc., General Manager of Ingram Micro Canada, 	General Manager of Sharp Electronics of Canada, Ltd.
                











            Jay G. Baitler
        





                    Jay G. Baitler, age 70, has been a director of the company since 2007. He is an operating partner with Atlas Holdings, a private equity firm. Mr. Baitler also serves on the boards of Soundview Paper, Finch Paper and Twin River Paper. Prior to his retirement in 2012, Mr. Baitler was Executive Vice President of Staples and was responsible for the Contract Division, including the 2008 acquisition and integration of Corporate Express.
                











            John D. Beletic
        





                    John D. Beletic, age 65, has served as a director of the company since July 1999 and Lead Director since August 2008. Since July 2002, Mr. Beletic has been a venture partner or operating partner with Oak Investment Partners, a venture 	capital firm. Mr. Beletic is also a director of Cheddars Inc., a 140+ unit restaurant company; Shareablee, a social data analytics company; and J5 Infrastructure mobile carriers. Mr. Beletic served as Chairman or Vice Chairman of Xiotech Inc. (X-IO Technologies), a provider of enterprise level disk storage systems from November 2011 to November 2016 and was President and Chief Executive Officer from November 2011 to May 2014. He was Chairman of the Board of 	Directors of iPass, an internet access company, from 2008 to 2015. Earlier in his career, Mr. Beletic served as CEO of telecommunications companies Tigon Corporation, PageMart Wireless, and Weblink Wireless.

                











            Benn R. Konsynski
        





                    Benn R. Konsynski, Ph.D., age 66, has been a director of the company since November 1993. He is the George S. Craft Distinguished University Professor of Information Systems and Operations Management at the Goizueta Business School of Emory University. He was director and founder of Emory's Center for 	Digital Commerce, one of the first of its kind in the country. He was named 	Hewlett Fellow at the Carter Center in 1995. Prior to arriving at the Goizueta Business School, he was on the faculty at the Harvard Business School, where he taught in the MBA program and several executive programs. Dr. Konsynski specializes in issues of digital commerce and information technology in relationships across organizations.
                











            Dennis J. Shaughnessy
        





                    Dennis J. Shaughnessy, age 69, has been a director of the company since 1989. He served as Executive Chairman of the Board of FTI Consulting Inc. FTI is a leading global consulting firm with $1.8 billion in revenues and operations in 24 countries. It is traded on the New York Stock Exchange with a market cap of 	approximately $1.6 billion. Mr. Shaughnessy retired as Chairman of FTI effective 	December 17, 2013. Prior to joining FTI, Mr. Shaughnessy served as General Partner of Grotech Capital Group, a private equity firm, leading its traditional industry group, managing $1.0 billion in private equity. Prior to joining Grotech, Mr. Shaughnessy had been President and CEO of CRI International, an international petroleum refining service business, which was sold to Shell Oil in 1989.
                











            Morton F. Zifferer, Jr.
        





                    Morton F. Zifferer, Jr., age 68, has been a director of the company since November 1993. He has served as Chairman and CEO of New Standard 	Corporation, a privately held metal products manufacturing firm, since 1983. Mr. Zifferer and New Standard Corporation have partnered with several Fortune 500 execute lean manufacturing techniques and sophisticated supply chain strategies and practices.
                











            Jerome C. Eppler
        





                    The late Jerome Eppler spent his entire career in the securities industry, forming his own firm, Eppler & Company in 1961. From 1953 to 1961, he was a general 	partner of Cyrus J. Lawrence Sons, New York – a member of the New York Stock Exchange. Also, from 1967 to 1978, Mr. Eppler served as chairman and chief executive of Insurance Securities, Inc. TESSCO Technologies appreciates Mr. Eppler's contributions and leadership during his tenure on the Board of Directors.
                












 Vice Presidents


















                    Michael Chase


















                    Nicholas J. Salatino


















                    Gary Ger
                

















                    Jeffrey L. Shockey
                

















                    Jeffrey A. Kaufman
                

















                    Matthew Simmons
                

















                    Cynthia L. King
                

















                    Mary Beth Smith
                

















                    William A. Moten
                

















                    David Strauss
                

















                    Marika Patto
                

















                    Charles Stone
                













        Certified ISO 9001:2008 and TL 9000
    




TESSCO Technologies Incorporated and TESSCO Incorporated are registered as ISO 9001:2008 Standard companies.





    
         Learn More
    









TESSCO Technologies Incorporated








Contact Information
800.472.7373
















Corporate Addresses

 Maryland

Global Logistics Center
11126 McCormick Road
Hunt Valley, MD 21031-1494


 Nevada

Americas Logistics Center
4775 Aircenter Circle
Reno, NV 89502





San Antonio

5259 Prue Road
Suite 475
Building S4
San Antonio, TX 78240




















Corporate Phone Number


1.410.229.1000
(USA, Canada)



Sales and Service Phone Numbers


1.800.472.7373
(USA, Canada)


+1.410.229.1200
(All Other Countries)




TESSCO.com Help
For questions or concerns about our Website


1.800.508.5444
(USA, Canada)


+1.410.229.1411
(All Other Countries)




FAX


1.410.527.0005
(USA ONLY)


+1.410.229.1480
(All Other Countries)




















Email

General Questions

Send your general TESSCO questions to cs@tessco.com.





TESSCO.com Help

Send your general TESSCO questions to webhelp@tessco.com





International Customers

Email us or visit our International Customers page to contact us via 




















Feedback
TESSCO strives to deliver to best customer experience in wireless. Let us know what we’re doing right, how we can improve, and what you’d like to see in the future to make your job easier and help us be a more productive partner in your success.

General Feedback




New Product Suggestions




Online Experience



















Driving Directions
Hunt Valley, MD



Reno, NV



San Antonio, TX













        Certified ISO 9001:2008 and TL 9000
    




TESSCO Technologies Incorporated and TESSCO Incorporated are registered as ISO 9001:2008 Standard companies.





    
         Learn More
    


























403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.



























Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





check for social media accounts:




















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





check for social media accounts:




















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip





















douglas rein - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











We Found Douglas Rein | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com



1) Douglas Rein's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





Search Douglas Rein - Looking for Douglas Rein?



Ad
 ·
Search.TruthFinder.com



Looking for Douglas Rein? All You Need is a Name and State.





Search Records Now



Best Background Check



Find Out the Truth




Learn More



Best People Search



Search Arrest Records





Douglas Industries, Inc. | Download.sweets.construction.com



Ad
 ·
Download.sweets.construction.com



Official Product Download Center Download All Product Info 1 Click





Official Sweets Catalog



Log In to Sweets



CAD Details



Product Catalogs
















Archibald Douglas, 4th Earl of Douglas




soon after his return to Scotland. On the Border he had a free rein to defend it and to keep the peace. However, it appears that Albany was not prepared to pay for this, so Douglas recovered

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Douglas C. Gordon - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Doug_Gordon


Douglas Cameron Gordon, commonly known as Doug Gordon, (1956 – October 16, 1998) was an American whitewater kayaker, who was a member of the U.S. Slalom Team from ...


Shane Douglas - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Troy_Martin


Troy Allan Martin (born November 21, 1964) is an American professional wrestler and promoter, better known by his ring name Shane Douglas. He is best known for his ...


Archibald Douglas, 4th Earl of Douglas - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Archibald_Douglas,_4th_Earl_of_Douglas


Archibald Douglas, 4th Earl of Douglas. Source: ... On the Border he had a free rein to defend it and to keep the peace. However, ...


Doug Gansler, Maryland's Would-Be Governor Caught At High ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/10/25/doug-gansler-party_n_4162060.html


Maryland Attorney General Douglas F. Gansler said Thursday that ... How much do you sort of rein them in ... Doug Gansler, Maryland's Would-Be ...


"The Rachael Ray Show": Mullet Makeover With Kyan Douglas ...

https://www.aol.com/video/view/-the-rachael-ray-show---mullet...


"The Rachael Ray Show": Mullet Makeover With Kyan Douglas. Mark is a devoted husband and father of two who's been sporting a mullet for 30 years.


The Fed At A Crossroads | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/douglas-holtzeakin/the-fed-at-a-crossroads...


The Fed At A Crossroads. ... but at least one that the Fed could rein in. Follow Douglas Holtz-Eakin on Twitter: ...


Douglas, Isle of Man - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Douglas,_Isle_of_Man


Douglas was a small settlement ... The Jubilee clock is a street clock built in 1887 to mark the Golden Jubilee of Queen Victoria's reign. ... Douglas, Isle of Man ...


client.web.aol.com

client.web.aol.com/toolbarfiles/Prod/Content/ping/index.html?tbid=...


client.web.aol.com


WWE Intercontinental Championship - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/WWE_Intercontinental_Championship


The WWE Intercontinental Championship is a professional wrestling championship created and promoted by the ... Dean Douglas had the shortest reign at just 13 minutes ...


PETA's Killing Machine Loses in Landslide 95-2 Vote in ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/douglas-anthony-cooper/petas-killing...


The bill to rein in PETA's killing at their headquarters in Virginia passed the House of Delegates in a landslide 95-2 vote. Shelters will now be required ...










We Found Douglas Rein | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com



1) Douglas Rein's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





Search Douglas Rein - Looking for Douglas Rein?



Ad
 ·
Search.TruthFinder.com



Looking for Douglas Rein? All You Need is a Name and State.





Search Records Now



Best Background Check



Find Out the Truth




Learn More



Best People Search



Search Arrest Records





Douglas Industries, Inc. | Download.sweets.construction.com



Ad
 ·
Download.sweets.construction.com



Official Product Download Center Download All Product Info 1 Click





Official Sweets Catalog



Log In to Sweets



CAD Details



Product Catalogs



12345Next
















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








