












403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







Thomas A Reiser - Washington, DC | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Thomas A Reiser in Washington, DC


Thomas A Reiser

                                                                           Intelius found that Thomas A Reiser  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from Washington, DC.  We have connected them to
                10 addresses,
                6 phones,
                and 1 relative or associate.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Thomas A Reiser is in his 40s

Thomas Has Lived In

Washington, DC
Ashburn, VA
Arlington, VA

Thomas's Relatives

Ashley Reiser







Thomas A Reiser



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderMale



Professional Status
Director, Association Management Healthcare Practice at MCI Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Thomas? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Thomas, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Thomas A Reiser
Get a Criminal Check on Thomas A Reiser
Get a Public Record Report on Thomas A Reiser
Get a People Search Report on Thomas A Reiser


Thomas A Reiser's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Thomas A Reiser has lived as well as Thomas A Reiser's phone numbers and email addresses.




Thomas A Reiser Has Lived in 4 States
Washington D.C. Address for Thomas A Reiser


3213 S***** P* N* 

Washington, DC


Has Lived In

Washington, DC
Ashburn, VA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Thomas A Reiser

(301) ***-**** - Bethesda, MD 
() ***-**** - Washington, DC 
(301) ***-**** - Bethesda, MD 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Thomas A Reiser



Get Email Report




Thomas A Reiser's Professional Information
Information regarding Thomas A Reiser's professional history.  Find out previous places Thomas A Reiser has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Thomas A Reiser Has Worked at 3 Places
Company: MCI Inc.
               Title: Director, Association Management Healthcare Practice
Company: MCI Inc.
               Title: Institutional Healthcare Practice Leader
Thomas A Reiser's Experience
Title: Director, Association Management Healthcare Practice
               Company: MCI Inc.
Job Details
               MCI, Inc. (NASDAQ: MCIP) is a leading global communications provider, delivering innovative, cost-effective, advanced communications connectivity to businesses, governments and consumers. With one of the most expansive global IP backbones and wholly-owned data networks, MCI develops the converged communications products and services that are the foundation for commerce and communications in today's market.
Title: Institutional Healthcare Practice Leader
               Company: MCI Inc.
Job Details
               MCI, Inc. (NASDAQ: MCIP) is a leading global communications provider, delivering innovative, cost-effective, advanced communications connectivity to businesses, governments and consumers. With one of the most expansive global IP backbones and wholly-owned data networks, MCI develops the converged communications products and services that are the foundation for commerce and communications in today's market.
Additional Professional Information on Thomas A Reiser

 See Thomas A Reiser's LinkedIn Profile



Thomas A Reiser's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Thomas A Reiser


Thomas A Reiser's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Thomas A Reiser's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Thomas Reiser
Username Matches

                  ThomasReiser
                  ReiserThomas
                  Thomas.Reiser
                  Reiser.Thomas
                  Thomas_Reiser
                  Reiser_Thomas
                  Thomas-Reiser
                  Reiser-Thomas
                  TReiser
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
T Reiser







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.






















Robert Reiser






































Skip to main content














ScienceTopics, centers, missionsProductsMaps, data, publicationsNewsReleases, I'm a reporterConnectContact, chat, social mediaAboutOrganization, jobs, budget 


Search


Search






























 Facebook
 Twitter
 Google+
 LinkedIn
 Delicious
 Digg
 Reddit
 StumbleUpon
 Pinterest












About UsWho We Are
History

OrganizationMission Areas
Regions
Science Centers
Science Support

Key Officials
CongressionalBriefing Series
Statements
Contacts

Budget
Opportunities
Doing BusinessAcquisitions
Contracts and Grants
Partners and Cooperators
Building Partnerships

Emergency Management
Data and ToolsData and Tools Topics
Real-time Data
APIs
Science Data Catalog
Science Datasets
Data Management
Data Management Tools
GIS Data

MapsMap Topics
Topographic Maps
Geologic Maps
GIS Data
The National Map
USGS Store
Geographic Names Information System (GNIS)

PublicationsUSGS Publications

USGS Library
Software
Multimedia GalleryImages
Videos
Audio
Webcams

Park Passes
Featured Stories
News ReleasesNational News
State News

Science Snippets
Technical Announcements
Employees in the News
Get Our News
Media Contacts
I'm a ReporterRequest Footage
Earthquake Questions
Multimedia Gallery
Key Officials
Congressional

Headquarters12201 Sunrise Valley Drive
Reston, VA 20192, USA
703-648-5953

Locations
Contact Us1-888-ASK-USGS
Email
Employee Directory
Web Chat

Staff Profiles
Social Media
Science ExplorerBiology and EcosystemsClimate ChangeCoastsData, Tools, and TechnologyEnergyEnvironmental HealthGeologyMapping, Remote Sensing, and Geospatial DataMineralsNatural HazardsOceansPlanetary ScienceWaterMission AreasClimate and Land Use Change
Core Science Systems
Ecosystems
Energy and Minerals
Environmental Health
Natural Hazards
Water

RegionsAlaska Region
Midwest Region
Northeast Region
Northwest Region
Pacific Region
Southeast Region
Southwest Region

Frequently Asked Questions
Education
 












 Facebook
 Twitter
 Google+
 LinkedIn
 Delicious
 Digg
 Reddit
 StumbleUpon
 Pinterest











Search


Search











Science+Science ExplorerMission AreasRegionsFrequently Asked QuestionsEducationProducts+Data and ToolsMapsPublicationsSoftwareMultimedia GalleryPark PassesUSGS LibraryNews+Featured StoriesNews ReleasesScience SnippetsTechnical AnnouncementsEmployees in the NewsGet Our NewsMedia ContactsI'm a ReporterConnect+HeadquartersLocationsContact UsStaff ProfilesSocial MediaAbout+About UsOrganizationKey OfficialsCongressionalBudgetOpportunitiesDoing BusinessEmergency Management 













Robert Reiser


Supervisory HydrologistNew Jersey Water Science CenterEmail: rreiser@usgs.govPhone: 609-771-3932Fax: 609-771-3915Address:3450 Princeton PikeLawrenceville, NJ 08648Expertisesurface water qualitywater qualitysurface water (non-marine)water resourcesstreamflowfloodsView All  

BiographyRobert G. Reiser is a supervisory hydrologist with the Hydrologic Studies Program at the U.S. Geological Survey’s New Jersey Water Science Center. He has a BS in Environmental Resource Management from Penn State University. He began his career with the USGS in 1985 as a field hydrologist. His experience in surface water hydrology involves streamgaging, computation and analysis of stream flow records and statistics. His experience in water quality includes collection, and analysis of water quality data, studies of nutrients, pesticides and VOCs in New Jersey streams, assessment of water quality status in New Jersey river basins and point/non-point source nutrient loads in the Raritan River basin. He managed the operation and maintenance of the USGS cooperative water data collection networks in New Jersey for 10 years. Since 2013 he has managed studies of surface-water quantity and quality in New Jersey in cooperation with other agencies. 
 
Education: 1983, B.S. in Environmental Resource Management from Penn State University
 
Scientific Organizations:
New Jersey Water Monitoring Coordinating Council – member since 2003
New Jersey Water Monitoring Coordinating Council – co-chair  2012 –present
Delaware River Basin Flood Advisory Committee – member since 2007
 
 Work Experience:
March 2013 -  present   Chief of the Hydrologic Studies Program
·          Manages surface water projects conducted by Center hydrologists. Develops work plans and budgets. Conducts performance appraisals.
·          Writes proposals for new projects
·          Maintains working relationships with colleagues from other agencies who have similar goals and objectives for new surface-water studies.
·          Assists with writing technical reports. Performs colleague reviews of technical reports.
 
May 2003 – March 2013         Chief of the Hydrologic Data Assessment Program
·          Managed the operation and maintenance of the data collection networks at the Center, in cooperation with other Federal, State, and local agencies and water purveyors. Developed project work plans and budgets to accomplish program objectives.
·          Managed and supervised the work of 22-28 hydrologists and hydrologic technicians. Directly supervised 9-11 hydrologists and hydrologic technicians who collected, computed, analyzed, and published water quality, groundwater and surface-water data. Conducted performance appraisals. Also supervised the work of the surface-water section chief who supervised the other 13-16 hydrologists and hydrologic technicians collecting and analyzing surface-water data.
·          Reviewed the technical aspects of the hydrologic data network operations. Reviewed data analyses for specific sites for scientific and technical accuracy before data were published in the annual water data report. Provided technical reviews of other USGS publications.
·     Wrote funding agreements and developed project budgets for cooperative work with other agencies.
 
·          Maintained and promoted working relationships with water managers and professionals from other agencies in New Jersey through various forms of communication. Wrote funding agreements and developed budgets for work with other agencies.
 
April 2002 – May 2003                              Flow Characterization Project Chief
·    Assisted the former project chief in designing a public website to provide streamflow statistics for New Jersey Streams. Published a USGS factsheet about the web site to complete task 1 of the project.
·    Computed low and high streamflow statistics for all gaging stations in New Jersey from the beginning of record through 2001. Used MOVE1 correlation analysis to compute low flow statistics at partial-record low-flow sites.
·    Analyzed trends in n-day high and n-day low flow data at gaging stations. Evaluation of stream flashiness and trends in flashiness at gaged sites.
·    Used Arc GIS to compute land use in drainage basins above all sites
·      Wrote an explanation of procedures used to estimate flows at ungaged sites
·      Published results in a USGS Science Investigative Report
 
September 2001 - September 2002        Study of nonpoint sources of load in the Lower Delaware River basin
.  Compiled list of active and inactive sampling and AMNET sites in the study area.
.  Selected stream locations for field visits and evaluated locations for sampling and streamflow measurements
.   Used ARC GIS to delineate basin boundaries and calculate land use above the sites.
.   Selected 6 sites for water quality sampling that represent urban, undeveloped and agricultural basins
.   Installed staff gages and made streamflow measurements to develop stage/discharge ratings.
 
October 2001 – September 2002            Upper Delaware River Basin Project Chief
·    Studied water quality data for 9 constituents in the Upper Delaware River basin in New Jersey 1985-2001, from USGS/NJDEP, DRBC and NJDEP EWQ databases.
·    Used statistics generated in SAS to summarize data. Looked at variability in constituents with season and flow condition and trends at each site. Compared data between individual sites, subbasins and land use categories. Used GIS to present results. Compared with instream standards.
·    Provided cooperator with maps, tables and figures. Published results in a USGS WRI report.
 
September 2000 – December 2001            Sparta Flood Study
·    Assisted others with flagging and recording high water marks at 21 sites in the Wallkill and Rockaway River basins after the flood of August 11-14, 2000.
·    Assisted in selection of 2 stream reaches for indirect measurements of peak flood flow. Coordinated and led the surveying of the stream reaches for slope area computations. Computed the indirect measurements of peak flow.
·    Published a factsheet and a WRI report on the flood.
 
September 1999 – December 2001         Raritan River Basin Project Chief
·    Studied water quality data for 17 constituents collected at 21 surface water sites in the Raritan River basin from 1991-97.
·    Used statistics to summarize data. Looked at variability in constituents with season and flow condition and trends at each site. Compared data between individual sites, sub-basins, and land use. Used SAS and ARC GIS to present results.
·    Used streamflow and water quality data to compute total instream loads at various flow conditions.
·    Used time-of-travel data from previous studies and attenuation rates provided by a consultant to evaluate the point source component of instream loads. Computed nonpermitted load and related it to basin characteristics.
·    Project results published in a USGS WRI report.
 
April 1995 - November 1999          Surface Water Hydrologist for LINJ NAWQA Project
·   Assisted with retrospective analysis of streamflows and nutrient data in the study area covering New Jersey and Long Island New York. Assisted with the design of the surface water sampling network and selection of sites for surface water and biological monitoring.
·   Water quality sampling for field parameters, major ions, nutrients, pesticides, volatile organic compounds (VOCs) and bed sediments.               
.   Biological sampling for fish, macro-invertebrates, and algae. Habitat assessments along stream reaches.
·   Quality assurance of data. Statistical analyses and interpretation of water quality data. Used the SAS statistical package, ARC GIS, and G2 plotting software to analyze and present results.
·   Published 4 reports: two USGS WRI reports and a factsheet on pesticides and a USGS WRI report on VOCs. Gave presentations of results to professional audiences on Long Island and in New Jersey.
·   Coordinated the surface water portion of the project after the surface water specialist left the position in 1997.
 
1993-1994
·   Assisted with the study of effects of development on streamflow in two New Jersey streams. Gathered streamflow and precipitation data, generated plots of streamflow and computed statistics for the project chief. Contributed to the publication of the results in Water Resources Bulletin.
 
April 1989 – March 1995
·   Coordinate the streamgaging component of the water-quality staff gage program. Schedule field trips to collect streamflow measurements at network sites. Maintain rating curves for each site. Determine streamflow at the time water quality samples were collected by using rating curves and correlation analysis with daily flows at gaging stations.
·   Determine peak flood flows by indirect methods. Work with others to flag and survey high water marks. Determine the indirect method and flow procedures to compute peak flow.
·   Assist with answering requests for streamflow data and statistics at gaging stations.
·   Review streamflow records for final approval before data is published in the annual data report.
 
April 1987 – March 1995           Low-flow Project Chief
·     Coordinate the low-flow project. Schedule and coordinate regular field trips for streamgagers to measure low streamflows at a network of 40-50 sites. Check measurements and publish data in the annual data report.
·    Evaluate the network of sites. Select new sites and discontinue sites when an appropriate amount of data is collected.
·    Use lowflow measurements to compute statistics of lowflow frequencies by correlating with flows at gaging stations.
·    Periodically update low flow frequency statistics at gaging stations and low flow sites.
·    Answer requests by consultants and other government agencies for estimates of low-flow statistics at gaged and ungaged sites.
 
September 1985 – March 1995      Surface Water Hydrologist
·         Enter streamflow measurements and gage height data into the database. Analyze data and compute    instantaneous and mean daily streamflow. Develop stage/discharge rating curves, shift curves and datum corrections that reflect changing field conditions to produce accurate streamflow data for publication in the annual data report.
·    Measure flood flows at gaging stations and crest-stage gage sites during and after storm events using various direct and indirect methods. Use hydraulic equations to calculate peak flows from surveyed high water marks and channel geometry.
.    Measure base-flow conditions at low-flow sites and other types of sites for hydrologic studies of drought conditions.
·    Run levels at gaging stations and crest-stage gage sites in order to maintain the proper datum and to record elevations of high water marks after floods.
 
September 1985 - March 1989        Surface Water Field Hydrologist
·   Collection of stream stage and flow data at gaging stations and crest-stage gage sites.
·    Installation, maintenance, calibration, and repairs to hydrologic instrumentation, including various data loggers, data collection platforms and an ultrasonic velocity meter.
·   Installation and maintenance of gaging structures and crest-stage gages.
·   Measurements of ground water levels in observation wells.
 
 
Publications
McCallum, Brian E., Wicklein, Shaun M., Reiser, Robert G., Busciolano, Ronald, Morrison, Jonathan, Verdi, Richard J., Painter, Jaime A., Frantz, Eric R., Gotvald, Anthony J., 2013. Monitoring storm tide and flooding from Hurricane Sandy along the Atlantic coast of the United States, October 2012: U.S. Geological Survey Open-File Report 2013-1043, 42 p.; tables 2-6. [Link]
Watson, Kara M.; Collenburg, Jerilyn V.; Reiser, Robert G., 2013. Hurricane Irene and associated floods of August 27-30, 2011, in New Jersey. U.S. Geological Survey Scientific Investigations Report 2013-5234, ix, 149 p. [Link]
Watson, Kara M.; Reiser, Robert G.; Nieswand, Steven P.; Schopp, Robert D., 2005. Streamflow characteristics and trends in New Jersey, water years 1897-2003. Scientific Investigations Report 2005-5105, v, 131 p. : ill. (some col.), col. maps ; 28 cm.; data tables [Link]
Reiser, Robert G., 2003. Evaluation of Streamflow, Water Quality, and Permitted and Nonpermitted Loads and Yields in the Raritan River Basin, New Jersey, Water Years 1991-98. U.S. Geological Survey Water-Resources Investigations Report 2003-4207, xii, 210 p. [Link]
Reiser, Robert G., 2002. Quality of water in tributaries to the upper Delaware River, New Jersey, water years 1985-2001. Fact Sheet 090-02, 8 p. with online errata [Link]
Reiser, Robert; Schopp, Robert, 2002. Sparta, New Jersey, Flood of August 11-14, 2000. Water-Resources Investigations Report 2002-4099, 88 p. [Link]
Reiser, Robert G.; Watson, Kara M.; Chang, Ming; Nieswand, Steven P., 2002. Surface-water data and statistics from U.S. Geological Survey data-collection networks in New Jersey on the World Wide Web. Geological Survey (U.S.) Fact Sheet 109-02, 4 p. [Link]
Barringer, Thomas H.; Reiser, Robert G.; Price, Curtis V., 2000. Use of Low-Flow Trend and Transfer-Function Models to Determine Relation of Low Flows to Regional Urbanization and Precipitation, Rahway River Basin, New Jersey, 1940-91. U.S. Geological Survey Open-File Report 99-257, v, 24 p. [Link]
Reiser, Robert G.; O'Brien, Anne K., 1999. Pesticides in streams in New Jersey and Long Island, New York, and relation to land use. U.S. Dept. of the Interior, U.S. Geological Survey, Water-Resources Investigations Report 98-4261, 11 p. :col. ill., col. map ;28 cm. [Link]
Reiser, Robert G., 1999. Relation of pesticide concentrations to season, streamflow, and land use in seven New Jersey streams. U.S. Dept. of the Interior, U.S. Geological Survey ; Branch of Information Services [distributor], Water-Resources Investigations Report 99-4154, 19 p. :ill. (some col.), col. map ;28 cm. [Link]
Reiser, Robert G., O'Brien, Anne K., 1998, Occurrence and seasonal variability of volatile organic compounds in seven New Jersey streams, U.S. Geological Survey Water-Resources Investigations Report: 98-4074, 11 p. [Link]
O'Brien, Anne K.; Reiser, Robert G.; Gylling, Helle, 1997. Spatial variability of volatile organic compounds in streams on Long Island, New York, and in New Jersey. U.S. Geological Survey, Fact Sheet 194-97, 1 folded sheet ([6] p.) : col. ill., col. maps ; 28 x 65 cm. folded to 28 x 22 cm. col. ill., col. maps ; [Link]
Barringer, T.H., Reiser, G., and Price, C., 1994, Potential effects of development on flow characteristics of two streams in the Raritan River Basin, New Jersey: Water Resources Bulletin, v. 30, no. 2, p. 283-295. [Link]
Science and ProductsPublications



Filter Total Items: 11 




            logstash-usgs-pw:palladium_root_publication_year_date          


Select Year2013 (2)2005 (1)2003 (1)2002 (3)2000 (1)1999 (2)1997 (1)





Label 
Select OrderOriginal SortA -> ZZ -> A

Apply Filter


Reset



 



  
 
Year Published: 2013
Hurricane Irene and associated floods of August 27-30, 2011, in New Jersey
Intense rainfall from Hurricane Irene during August 27–30, 2011, inundated streams throughout New Jersey resulting in peak streamflows exceeding the 100-year recurrence interval at many streamgages and causing heavy property and road damage. The rain event affected the entire State. Some notably affected areas were the Passaic and Hackensack...
Watson, Kara M.; Collenburg, Jerilyn V.; Reiser, Robert G.
Attribution: New Jersey Water Science Center

View Citation

Hurricane Irene and associated floods of August 27-30, 2011, in New Jersey; 2013; SIR; 2013-5234; Watson, Kara M.; Collenburg, Jerilyn V.; Reiser, Robert G.



  

  
 
Year Published: 2013
Monitoring storm tide and flooding from Hurricane Sandy along the Atlantic coast of the United States, October 2012
The U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) deployed a temporary monitoring network of water-level and barometric pressure sensors at 224 locations along the Atlantic coast from Virginia to Maine to continuously record the timing, areal extent, and magnitude of hurricane storm tide and coastal flooding generated by Hurricane Sandy. These records were...
McCallum, Brian E.; Wicklein, Shaun M.; Reiser, Robert G.; Busciolano, Ronald J.; Morrison, Jonathan; Verdi, Richard J.; Painter, Jaime A.; Frantz, Eric R.; Gotvald, Anthony J.
Attribution: South Atlantic Water Science Center

View Citation

Monitoring storm tide and flooding from Hurricane Sandy along the Atlantic coast of the United States, October 2012; 2013; OFR; 2013-1043; McCallum, Brian E.; Wicklein, Shaun M.; Reiser, Robert G.; Busciolano, Ronald ; Morrison, Jonathan ; Verdi, Richard J.; Painter, Jaime A.; Frantz, Eric R.; Gotvald, Anthony J.



  

  
 
Year Published: 2005
Streamflow characteristics and trends in New Jersey, water years 1897-2003
Streamflow statistics were computed for 111 continuous-record streamflow-gaging stations with 20 or more years of continuous record and for 500 low-flow partial-record stations, including 66 gaging stations with less than 20 years of continuous record. Daily mean streamflow data from water year 1897 through water year 2001 were used for the...
Watson, Kara M.; Reiser, Robert G.; Nieswand, Steven P.; Schopp, Robert D.


View Citation

Streamflow characteristics and trends in New Jersey, water years 1897-2003; 2005; SIR; 2005-5105; Watson, Kara M.; Reiser, Robert G.; Nieswand, Steven P.; Schopp, Robert D.



  

  
 
Year Published: 2003
Evaluation of Streamflow, Water Quality, and Permitted and Nonpermitted Loads and Yields in the Raritan River Basin, New Jersey, Water Years 1991-98
Seventeen water-quality constituents were analyzed in samples collected from 21 surface-water sampling sites in the Raritan River Basin during water years 1991-97. Loads were computed for seven constituents. Thirteen constituents have associated instream water-quality standards that are used as reference levels when evaluating the data. Nine of...
Reiser, Robert G.
Attribution: New Jersey Water Science Center

View Citation

Evaluation of Streamflow, Water Quality, and Permitted and Nonpermitted Loads and Yields in the Raritan River Basin, New Jersey, Water Years 1991-98; 2003; WRI; 2003-4207; Reiser, Robert G.



  

  
 
Year Published: 2002
Surface-water data and statistics from U.S. Geological Survey data-collection networks in New Jersey on the World Wide Web
The U.S. Geological Survey (USGS), in cooperation with other Federal, State, and local agencies, operates and maintains a variety of surface-water data-collection networks throughout the State of New Jersey. The networks include streamflow-gaging stations, low-flow sites, crest-stage gages, tide gages, tidal creststage gages, and water-quality...
Reiser, Robert G.; Watson, Kara M.; Chang, Ming; Nieswand, Steven P.


View Citation

Surface-water data and statistics from U.S. Geological Survey data-collection networks in New Jersey on the World Wide Web; 2002; FS; 109-02; Reiser, Robert G.; Watson, Kara M.; Chang, Ming; Nieswand, Steven P.



  

  
 
Year Published: 2002
Sparta, New Jersey, Flood of August 11-14, 2000

Reiser, Robert; Schopp, Robert


View Citation

Sparta, New Jersey, Flood of August 11-14, 2000; 2002; WRI; 2002-4099; Reiser, Robert; Schopp, Robert



  

  
 
Year Published: 2002
Quality of water in tributaries to the upper Delaware River, New Jersey, water years 1985-2001

Reiser, Robert G.


View Citation

Quality of water in tributaries to the upper Delaware River, New Jersey, water years 1985-2001; 2002; FS; 090-02; Reiser, Robert G.



  

  
 
Year Published: 2000
Use of Low-Flow Trend and Transfer-Function Models to Determine Relation of Low Flows to Regional Urbanization and Precipitation, Rahway River Basin, New Jersey, 1940-91
The Rahway River Basin in northern New Jersey has become heavily urbanized. The importance of the Rahway River as a water-supply source for the region led to an investigation of trends in the river's low-flow characteristics over time and their relation to regional urbanization and precipitation. Since 1950, low flows at a stream-gaging station...
Barringer, Thomas H.; Reiser, Robert G.; Price, Curtis V.
Attribution: New Jersey Water Science Center

View Citation

Use of Low-Flow Trend and Transfer-Function Models to Determine Relation of Low Flows to Regional Urbanization and Precipitation, Rahway River Basin, New Jersey, 1940-91; 2000; OFR; 99-257; Barringer, Thomas H.; Reiser, Robert G.; Price, Curtis V.



  

  
 
Year Published: 1999
Relation of pesticide concentrations to season, streamflow, and land use in seven New Jersey streams
The presence and variability of pesticides in seven New Jersey streams was documented by analyzing 146 samples collected from the streams from April 1996 through June 1998. The samples were analyzed for 85 pesticides, including 50 herbicides, 28 insecticides, and 7 degradation products, at method detection limits that ranged from 0.001 to 0.018...
Reiser, Robert G.
Attribution: New Jersey Water Science Center

View Citation

Relation of pesticide concentrations to season, streamflow, and land use in seven New Jersey streams; 1999; WRI; 99-4154; Reiser, Robert G.



  

  
 
Year Published: 1999
Pesticides in streams in New Jersey and Long Island, New York, and relation to land use
Pesticide compounds were detected in all 50 water samples collected from streams in New Jersey and Long Island, New York, during June 9-18, 1997. Samples were analyzed for 47 compounds, of which 25 were detected. The number of pesticides detected at each site ranged from 1 to 14. The seven most frequently detected pesticides were atrazine (in 93...
Reiser, Robert G.; O'Brien, Anne K.


View Citation

Pesticides in streams in New Jersey and Long Island, New York, and relation to land use; 1999; WRI; 98-4261; Reiser, Robert G.; O'Brien, Anne K.



  

  
 
Year Published: 1997
Spatial variability of volatile organic compounds in streams on Long Island, New York, and in New Jersey
Volatile organic compounds (VOCs) are found in almost all natural and synthetic materials and are commonly used in fuels, fuel additives, solvents, perfumes, flavor additives, and deodorants. Potential health hazards and environmental degradation resulting from the widespread use of VOCs has prompted increasing concern among scientists, industry,...
O'Brien, Anne K.; Reiser, Robert G.; Gylling, Helle


View Citation

Spatial variability of volatile organic compounds in streams on Long Island, New York, and in New Jersey; 1997; FS; 194-97; O'Brien, Anne K.; Reiser, Robert G.; Gylling, Helle



  



 

















Paul Reiser | The Stop Button

















































The Stop Button

Search







Search for:



 






Tag Archives: Paul Reiser



 


1987, ★★½, Comedy

Cross My Heart (1987, Armyan Bernstein)

21 January 2015 Andrew Wickliffe Leave a comment



Cross My Heart has a significant problem right off. Its gimmick work against the film. The opening scenes establish Annette O’Toole and Martin Short’s leads as they prepare for a date. Each has the help of a second (for exposition’s sake, though it doesn’t make the exposition particularly natural); both actors are appealing, both characters are appealing. The opening scenes set up the viewer knowing the truth about each character, which they plan on hiding from the other.
Hence the title.
Then the date starts. And O’Toole’s really good. She’s often doing these delicate movements while Short’s stuck in a lame romantic comedy. The more she does them, the worse Short gets. The middle of the film is mostly real time on their date and, while his character is believable, Short’s no longer likable. And the film’s gimmick of preparing the viewer in advance backfires. It makes O’Toole the protagonist, which the film isn’t set up to do.
Oddly enough, even though the script’s used up all of its goodwill by three-quarters through, once the actors get to play the characters straight–particularly Short (like I said, O’Toole’s always good)–everything starts working out. The chemistry between the stars is so good, it’s too bad director Bernstein and co-writer Gail Parent wasted so much time on the insincerity (and using it for joke fodder).
Real nice support from Paul Reiser in a small role and nice photography from Thomas Del Ruth.
It’s fine, but the actors deserve more.
★★½
CREDITS
Directed by Armyan Bernstein; written by Bernstein and Gail Parent; director of photography, Thomas Del Ruth; edited by Mia Goldman; music by Bruce Broughton; production designer, Lawrence G. Paull; produced by Lawrence Kasdan; released by Universal Pictures.
Starring Martin Short (David), Annette O’Toole (Kathy), Paul Reiser (Bruce), Joanna Kerns (Nancy), Jessica Puscas (Jessica), Corinne Bohrer (Susan) and Lee Arenberg (Parking Attendant).


RELATED

OTHER 1987 RELEASES


Share this:FacebookTwitterEmailMorePocketTumblrGoogleRedditPrint 



 


1982, ★★★★, Comedy

Diner (1982, Barry Levinson)

14 October 2013 Andrew Wickliffe Leave a comment



I’ve probably seen Diner ten times but I still don’t know where to start with it. Barry Levinson sets the present action between Christmas and New Year’s, so one probably could sit down and chart out what happens on each day. There’s a big basketball bet driving some of the narrative, but mostly just for Mickey Rourke and Ellen Barkin, but also for Kevin Bacon.
And Levinson leaves so much of it unresolved–Bacon, for example–while concentrating (for the finish) on the things he didn’t pay much attention to throughout the film. The film often has this great fifties soundtrack going, which masks its quietness. Even though Levinson writes these amazing dialogue exchanges, the most telling moments for the cast–even at the beginning (Levinson and Stu Linder cut together these amazing sequences from the very start, Peter Sova’s photography helping out a lot, of course)–isn’t what they’re saying. It’s the moments where the characters are silent and thinking.
All of the acting is outstanding. Rourke and Barkin are the best, then Steve Guttenberg and Kevin Bacon… then Tim Daly and Daniel Stern. Not because Daly and Stern are bad, but because Stern has the least to do. Daly has a little more, but Levinson sort of dulls the focus off him as the film progresses. The choices Levinson makes regarding what characters get attention and when are more of his brilliant ones in Diner.
It’s an exceptional motion picture. One appreciates its sublimeness more on each viewing.
★★★★
CREDITS
Written and directed by Barry Levinson; director of photography, Peter Sova; edited by Stu Linder; music by Bruce Brody and Ivan Král; produced by Jerry Weintraub; released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
Starring Steve Guttenberg (Edward ‘Eddie’ Simmons), Daniel Stern (Laurence ‘Shrevie’ Schreiber), Mickey Rourke (Robert ‘Boogie’ Sheftell), Kevin Bacon (Timothy Fenwick, Jr.), Tim Daly (William ‘Billy’ Howard), Ellen Barkin (Beth Schreiber), Paul Reiser (Modell), Kathryn Dowling (Barbara), Michael Tucker (Bagel), Jessica James (Mrs. Simmons), Colette Blonigan (Carol Heathrow), Kelle Kipp (Diane), John Aquino (Tank), Claudia Cron (Jane Chisholm),Tom Tammi (Howard Fenwick) and Sharon Ziman (Elyse).


RELATED

OTHER DINER FILMS
OTHER FILMS STARRING MICKEY ROURKE
OTHER FILMS DIRECTED BY BARRY LEVINSON
OTHER 1982 RELEASES


Share this:FacebookTwitterEmailMorePocketTumblrGoogleRedditPrint 



 


1990, ★, Comedy

Crazy People (1990, Tony Bill)

19 June 2013 Andrew Wickliffe Leave a comment



Crazy People is distressingly tepid. It has a number of fine performances–Dudley Moore’s sturdy and likable in the lead, Daryl Hannah’s outstanding as his love interest and the supporting cast’s so good I’m going to wait a while to talk about them to go out on an up note. But the film itself? Very tepid. Like they threw in curse words to guarantee an R rating when it really could have been PG.
Strangely enough, writer Mitch Markowitz does a great job with the swearing. He just doesn’t do enough of it.
The film concerns an institutionalized ad writer (Moore). It’s more of a retreat, really–there’s the kindly doctor (an underutilized Mercedes Ruehl) and friendly fellow patients. Moore recruits these patients to write honest (and very) funny ads.
But then Markowitz runs out of story. Sure, People only runs ninety minutes, but there are long gaps without Moore or even his fellow patients. Instead, the picture concentrates on J.T. Walsh’s odious advertising executive. Not even Paul Reiser, as Moore’s friend, sticks around for the entire runtime. And Ruehl gets an unceremonious boot.
Luckily, the actors playing the patients are outstanding. David Paymer’s probably the best, but Paul Bates and Danton Stone are both good too.
Ben Hammer’s fine as the evil doctor–People has a big problem with internal logic; an evil doctor doesn’t make a good villain.
Besides an annoying score from Cliff Eidelman, it’s technically proficient.
The parts are funnier than the final product. Much funnier.
★
CREDITS
Directed by Tony Bill; written by Mitch Markowitz; director of photography, Victor J. Kemper; edited by Mia Goldman; music by Cliff Eidelman; production designer, John J. Lloyd; produced by Thomas Barad; released by Paramount Pictures.
Starring Dudley Moore (Emory Leeson), Daryl Hannah (Kathy Burgess), Paul Reiser (Stephen Bachman), J.T. Walsh (Drucker), Bill Smitrovich (Bruce), Alan North (Judge), David Paymer (George), Danton Stone (Saabs), Paul Bates (Robles), Dick Cusack (Mort), Doug Yasuda (Hsu), Floyd Vivino (Eddie Aris), Mercedes Ruehl (Dr. Liz Baylor) and Ben Hammer (Dr. Koch).
Share this:FacebookTwitterEmailMorePocketTumblrGoogleRedditPrint 



 


1983, Not Recommended, Television

Diner (1983, Barry Levinson)

30 May 2013 Andrew Wickliffe Leave a comment



What a difference a cast makes. Barry Levinson’s pilot for a “Diner” television series reunites some of the film crew–editor Stu Linder does a wonderful job–but the only returning actors are Paul Reiser and Jessica James. Both are good–and Alison La Placa and Mady Kaplan are great as the wives (Levinson’s best writing is for them)–but they don’t offset the new leads.
Worst is Max Cantor (in for Daniel Stern), then Michael Madsen (for Mickey Rourke) and finally Mike Binder (for Steve Guttenberg). Levinson’s script’s part of the problem. He writes Cantor and Binder’s parts for the original actors. Binder might’ve with better dialogue.
Madsen’s awful, but Levinson inexplicably writes the character as a dimwit.
James Spader’s okay (in for Kevin Bacon).
It’s interesting–especially since it’s a direct sequel to the movie–very well directed and written in parts, but the male leads sink it.
Not Recommended
CREDITS
Written and directed by Barry Levinson; director of photography, Dominic Palmieri; edited by Stu Linder; produced by Mark Johnson.
Starring Paul Reiser (Modell), James Spader (Fenwick), Mike Binder (Eddie), Max Cantor (Shrevie), Michael Madsen (Boogie), Mady Kaplan (Beth), Alison La Placa (Elyse), Robert Pastorelli (Turko), Arnie Mazer (The Gripper), Ted Bafaloukos (George) and Jessica James (Eddie’s Mother).


RELATED

OTHER DINER FILMS
OTHER FILMS DIRECTED BY BARRY LEVINSON
OTHER 1983 RELEASES


Share this:FacebookTwitterEmailMorePocketTumblrGoogleRedditPrint 





Search

Search for:



  Recent posts 

Kong: Skull Island (2017, Jordan Vogt-Roberts)


John and Mary (1969, Peter Yates)


Undercurrent (1946, Vincente Minnelli)


Serials


Surveys


Quartets


Moana (2016, Don Hall, Chris Williams, Ron Clements, and John Musker)


Wild Strawberries (1957, Ingmar Bergman)


Slaughterhouse-Five (1972, George Roy Hill)


The Phantom (1996, Simon Wincer)


 Randomly Recommended 
 The Last Days of Peter Bergmann (2013, Ciaran Cassidy) The Oh in Ohio (2006, Billy Kent) The Effect of Gamma Rays on Man-in-the-Moon Marigolds (1972, Paul Newman)

The Best of an Alan Smithee Podcast 



One
Two






Three
Four






Five
Six






Seven
Eight






Nine
Ten






Eleven
Twelve






Thirteen
Fourteen






Fifteen
Sixteen






Seventeen
Eighteen






Nineteen
Twenty






Twenty-one
Twenty-two






Twenty-three
Twenty-four






Twenty-five
Twenty-six






Twenty-seven
Twenty-eight






Twenty-nine
Thirty








Top Posts 

						Series index					



						Between the Lines (1977, Joan Micklin Silver)					



						Risky Business (1983, Paul Brickman), the director's cut					



						Head Over Heels (1979, Joan Micklin Silver), the director's cut					



						Kong: Skull Island (2017, Jordan Vogt-Roberts)					



						Spider-Man (1977, E.W. Swackhamer)					



						Illegal in Blue (1995, Stu Segall)					



						The Land Unknown (1957, Virgil W. Vogel)					



						Index, by title					



						Bugsy (1991, Barry Levinson), the extended cut					



superior film blogging


A month of MUBISurveys 
 Director | Edward Burns
 Director | John Carpenter, Part 1: The Wonder Years
 Director | John Carpenter, Part 2: The Studio Quartet
 Director | John Carpenter, Part 3: The Alive Duet
 Director | John Carpenter, Part 4: The Mundane Years
 Series | Superman
 Series | The Thin Man


Upcoming Blogathons 
Till Death Do Us Part BlogathonJuly 24 | Undercurrent (1946)the 4th Annual British Invaders BlogathonAugust 4 - 6 | Kes (1969)THE THIRD ANNUAL BARRYMORE TRILOGY BLOGATHONAugust 15 - 17 | Captain’s Courageous (1937)the Workplace in Film & TV BlogathonAugust 18 - 20 | FM (1978)Colours BlogathonSeptember 8 - 9 | Devil in a Blue Dress (1995)October 15 - 18 | Desk Set (1957)Links / Film recommendation engines

MovieLens


Links / Film review aggregators

Movie Review Query Engine


Links // Classic film blogs

**** 4 Star Films ****
365 Days 365 Classics
CineMaven's ESSAYS from the COUCH
Journeys in Classic Film
Mike's Take On the Movies
Once upon a screen…
Out of the Past
Speakeasy
The Hollywood Revue
The Wonderful World of Cinema
Wolffian Classics Movies Digest


Links // Film blogs

Criterion Blues…
Film Intel
Films on the Box
Immortal Ephemera
Johnny LaRue's Crane Shot
Lost in the Movies
Rupert Pupkin Speaks
VideoFugue


Links // Other film sites

Classic Movie Hub
Large Association of Movie Blogs
Top 10 Films


Links /// Comics

DangerBurger


Latest Posts: Comics FondleGodshaper 4 (July 2017)
Sacred Creatures 1 (July 2017)
Chilling Adventures of Sabrina 7 (August 2017)
Redneck 3 (June 2017)
I Hate Fairyland 13 (June 2017)
 











Post to



Cancel







 







Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address






Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			














 





























































































































































