    E. Rekow | The International Association for Dental Research | ZoomInfo.com










 









E. Dianne Rekow



















University of Minnesota
http://www.umn.edu/
612-625-5000




Main navigation | 
    Main content




Campuses: 

Twin Cities
Crookston
Duluth
Morris
Rochester
Other Locations





Go to the U of M home page


OneStop myU


Search U of M Web sites



















University Awards granted to:
Current Faculty
Current Students
Current Employees
Alumnus or Alumna
Retired Employees
Others



Namings:
Namings of Significant University Assets



National & International Awards granted to:
Current Faculty
Current Students



U Awards & Honors Home
College, School, and Coordinate Campus Awards














Return to Outstanding Achievement Award Recipients


E. Dianne Rekow
Biography (At time of award presentation in 2015)
E. Dianne Rekow, dean, Dental Institute, Kings College, London, is a six-time graduate of the University of Minnesota. She holds bachelor’s degrees in physics/mathematics and mechanical engineering, a master’s degree in mechanical engineering, a doctor of dental surgery degree, a specialty certificate in orthodontics, and a Ph.D. in biomedical engineering. Rekow is an international authority on the performance of new materials and products for use in aesthetic and restorative dentistry, and an early pioneer in digital dentistry and CAD/CAM technology. She is the first American named to lead a major dental school in Europe and the first woman to serve as dean of the Dental Institute at Kings College in London. Rekow taught in both mechanical engineering and orthodontics at the University of Minnesota from 1978-1990. She has held academic positions at the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey and at the University of Maryland. She then moved to New York where she served as senior vice provost of engineering and technology and provost of the Polytechnic Institute. Prior to attending dental school, she worked for 11 years in industry. Rekow is the past president of the International Association of Dental Research and the American Association of Dental Research. She is the holder of six patents and the founder of Digital Dental Systems, Inc. An accomplished researcher, she has published more than 100 articles in peer-reviewed journals and has given numerous presentations at the national and international levels.










© 2013 Regents of the University of Minnesota. All rights reserved.
The University of Minnesota is an equal opportunity educator and employer

Last modified on October 22, 2015



Twin Cities Campus:
Parking & Transportation
Maps & Directions

Directories
Contact U of M
Privacy

 







HSIC E. Dianne Rekow Insider Trades for Henry Schein Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Henry Schein Inc.

                  NASDAQ: HSIC
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Henry Schein Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 27, 2017, 4:58 p.m.


HSIC

/quotes/zigman/53955/composite


$
182.81




Change

-0.02
-0.01%

Volume
Volume 4,499
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/53955/composite
Previous close

$
			184.74
		


$
				182.83
			
Change

-1.91
-1.03%





Day low
Day high
$181.95
$184.57










52 week low
52 week high

            $146.23
        

            $186.99
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




E. Dianne Rekow



Dr. E. D. Rekow is Independent Director at Henry Schein, Inc. He is on the Board of Directors at Henry Schein, Inc. 
Dr. Rekow was previously employed as a Professor by New York University and President by International Association for Dental Research.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





03/06/2017
1,084


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/04/2016
1,103


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/03/2015
1,317


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/13/2014
1,570


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Stanley M. Bergman 
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. James P. Breslawski 
President & Director




Mr. Steven  Paladino 
Chief Financial Officer, Director & Executive VP




Mr. James A. Harding 
Chief Technology Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Gerald A. Benjamin 
Director, Chief Administrative Officer & EVP




Ms. Karen  Prange 
EVP, CEO-Global Animal Health & Medical Group




Mr. Steven W. Kess 
Vice President-Global Professional Relations




Mr. David C. McKinley 
Chief Commercial Officer




Mr. Robert  Minowitz 
President-International Dental Group




Mr. Paul  Rose 
Senior Vice President-Global Supply Chain




Mr. Mark E. Mlotek 
Director, Chief Strategic Officer & Executive VP




Mr. Joseph L. Herring 
Director




Mr. Michael  Racioppi 
Chief Merchandising Officer & Senior VP




Ms. Angela  Ruggiero 
Senior Manager-Corporate Communications




Ms. Ann Marie  Gothard 
Vice President-Corporate Media Relations




Mr. Stefanie  Fleige 
Senior Manager-Corporate Communications




Ms. Carolynne  Borders 
Vice President-Investor Relations




Ms. Lorelei  McGlynn 
SVP-Global Human Resources & Financial Operations




Mr. Michael S. Ettinger 
Secretary, Senior VP-Corporate & Legal Affairs




Mr. Walter  Siegel 
Senior Vice President & General Counsel




Mr. Kurt P. Kuehn 
Independent Director




Dr. Lawrence S. Bacow 
Independent Director




Dr. E. Dianne Rekow 
Independent Director




Ms. Carol  Raphael 
Independent Director




Dr. Bradley T. Sheares 
Independent Director




Mr. Paul K. Brons 
Independent Director




Mr. Donald J. Kabat 
Independent Director




Mr. Barry J. Alperin 
Independent Director




Mr. Philip A. Laskawy 
Lead Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




9:25 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:24aDollar turns lower for the week following GDP report
9:18aGet ready for the less-profitable Amazon that you used to know 
9:18a‘Skinny’ repeal of Obamacare fails to pass in late-night Senate vote
9:17aGold turns higher as dollar holds loss after GDP report shows as-expected rebound
9:14aScaramucci provides a shocking Bannon comparison that defies anatomy
9:13aStock futures trim losses after GDP data; tech shares weigh on Nasdaq 
9:12aMattel stock price target cut to $22 from $24 at D.A. Davidson
9:11aStarbucks stock price target cut to $67 from $70 at Instinet
9:11aMasterCard stock price target raised to $153 from $134 at Instinet
9:11aCan Snap fall even more as lockups expire?
9:10aA high-powered Florida couple announces their ‘Trump Divorce’
9:10aVerizon stock price target raised to $47 from $46 at Instinet
9:10aAmazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift
9:09aKLA-Tencor stock price target raised to $100 from $95 at Instinet
9:09aU.S. GDP speeds up to 2.6% in 2nd quarter 
9:08aHot Pie from ‘Game of Thrones’ is selling direwolf bread in real life
9:08aEllie Mae's stock set for record selloff after results disappoints, outlook slashed
9:00aStock market set to extend fresh tech rout as Amazon disappoints; GDP data ahead
8:54aAtlantic Media selling ownership stake to organization run by Laurene Powell Jobs
8:50aRetail investors wait this long to dive into IPOs
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






























 



 Henry Schein Elects Dr. E. Dianne Rekow To Board Of Directors 
         










    










 






 











 









Henry Schein Elects Dr. E. Dianne Rekow To Board Of Directors

		  Dean of King's College London Dental Institute Brings In-Depth Expertise in the Fields of Digital Dentistry, Dental Materials and Products, and Dental Education
		

Jun 03, 2014, 16:05 ET
		  		  												
						 from   Henry Schein, Inc. 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







Dr. E. Dianne Rekow elected to Henry Schein, Inc. Board of Directors (PRNewsFoto/Henry Schein, Inc.)    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




Dr. E. Dianne Rekow elected to Henry Schein, Inc. Board of Directors (PRNewsFoto/Henry Schein, Inc.)
 


 

 




 





 


MELVILLE, N.Y., June 3, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Henry Schein, Inc. (NASDAQ:   HSIC), the world's largest provider of health care products and services to office-based dental, animal health and medical practitioners, announced today the election of Professor E. Dianne Rekow, D.D.S., Ph.D., to the Company's Board of Directors.  Dr. Rekow, Dean of King's College London Dental Institute and Professor of Orthodontics, brings to the Henry Schein Board extensive experience in innovative dental products, practices, and education, as well as keen insights into global trends influencing the evolution of the dental profession. 
"In a global dental environment that is quickly evolving through the power of digital technology, we are very pleased to welcome Dr. Rekow to the Henry Schein Board of Directors," said Stanley M. Bergman, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Schein. "Dr. Rekow is a recognized pioneer in the field of digital dentistry, an expert in the development and performance of dental materials and products, and a global thought leader in dental education.  We look forward to benefitting from her unique perspective and strategic insights, as Henry Schein continues to focus on providing digital dental solutions to our customers around the world."
Dr. Rekow has a long and distinguished career in dentistry, including a decade as a Professor of Orthodontics at New York University, as well as senior roles at multiple dental and scientific associations.  An internationally recognized authority on the performance of new materials and products for use in aesthetic and restorative dentistry, Dr. Rekow has been a leader in research on the use of bio-engineered tissue to facilitate bone replacement in individuals who have been disfigured by disease or developmental defects as well as research in elucidating damage initiation and propagation in brittle materials. Dr. Rekow also holds a number of patents in the dental field and is the author of, or contributor to, more than one hundred publications. 
"It is a pleasure to join the Board of a company that is committed to technology leadership in all facets of its business," said Dr. Rekow.  "Not only has Henry Schein been a pioneer in meeting the needs of its dental, animal health and medical customers for decades, but through its continual reinvention of the organization, Henry Schein has also helped recreate and advance the markets that it serves.  I look forward to being part of such a future-focused company and to helping Henry Schein sustain the admirable leadership role it has forged."      
Prior to joining Kings College, Dr. Rekow was a Professor of Orthodontics at New York University (NYU) from 2002 to 2012, also serving as Senior Vice Provost of Engineering Technology at NYU from 2008 to 2012, and, as Provost of Polytechnic Institute of NYU from 2009 to 2012.  Dr. Rekow has served as President of the International Association for Dental Research (IADR) and the American Association of Dental Research (AADR), and since 2000 she has been an American Dental Association Consultant to the Council on Scientific Affairs.  In 2011, Dr. Rekow was elected to the Faculty of Dental Surgery of the Royal College of Surgeons of England. 
About Henry Schein, Inc.
Henry Schein, Inc. is the world's largest provider of health care products and services to office-based dental, animal health and medical practitioners.  The Company also serves dental laboratories, government and institutional health care clinics, and other alternate care sites.  A Fortune 500® Company and a member of the NASDAQ 100® Index, Henry Schein employs nearly 17,000 Team Schein Members and serves more than 800,000 customers.
The Company offers a comprehensive selection of products and services, including value-added solutions for operating efficient practices and delivering high-quality care.  Henry Schein operates through a centralized and automated distribution network, with a selection of more than 96,000 branded products and Henry Schein private-brand products in stock, as well as more than 110,000 additional products available as special-order items.  The Company also offers its customers exclusive, innovative technology solutions, including practice management software and e-commerce solutions, as well as a broad range of financial services.
Headquartered in Melville, N.Y., Henry Schein has operations or affiliates in 27 countries.  The Company's sales reached a record $9.6 billion in 2013, and have grown at a compound annual rate of approximately 16 percent since Henry Schein became a public company in 1995.  For more information, visit the Henry Schein website at www.henryschein.com. 
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140603/93866 
 SOURCE  Henry Schein, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.henryschein.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Jun 11, 2014, 07:07 ET
Preview: Henry Schein 2014 Business Of Dentistry Conference Kicks Off August 7













Jun 03, 2014, 07:00 ET
Preview: Henry Schein Acquires Sirona Direct Distribution Business In Paris Region, Expands Exclusive Agreement With Sirona In France






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More





Jul 06, 2017, 08:05 ET
Henry Schein To Webcast Second Quarter 2017 Conference Call On...








Jul 06, 2017, 08:05 ET
Henry Schein Launches New Medical Website








Jul 06, 2017, 08:05 ET
Henry Schein Oral Health Navigator Program Provides Oral Health...











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 

A Conversation with Dianne Rekow, DDS, PhD | ID | dentalaegis.com

































































DentalAEGIS
Compendium
Inside Dental Technology
CDEWorld
SUBSCRIBE















Menu





Articles
Archive
CE
eBooks
Webinars
Products
Resource Center
Special Issues
Manufacturer Index








View Current Issue



					Noteworthy Categories
		        
CE Articles
Feature Stories
Roundtable
Viewpoint



					Editorial Categories
		        
CAD/CAM
Diagnosis & Treatment Planning
Digital Imaging
Endodontics
Implantology
Infection Control
Magnification
Materials
Occlusion
Oral Medicine
Orthodontics
Pain Management
Pediatric Dentistry
Periodontics
Practice Management
Prevention
Prosthodontics
Restorative Direct
Restorative Indirect


Related Articles


Shining a Light on Translucent Zirconia
Inside Dentistry, August 2017


Don’t Sleep on a Golden Opportunity
Inside Dentistry, May 2017


Reaching New Heights
Inside Dentistry, April 2017


Specialized Steps to Success
Inside Dentistry, March 2017


Blocking the Path to Addiction
Inside Dentistry, February 2017








				October 2012
				
				Volume 8, Issue 10
			





	Dianne Rekow, DDS, PhD

	The first American to lead a major dental school in Europe discusses practice-based research networks, the progress of technology, and why she considers her dual training in engineering and dentistry an advantage.

	Interview by David C. Alexander, BDS, MSc, DDPH

INSIDE DENTISTRY (ID): How and why did you move from the engineering sciences to the biological sciences, switching from engineering into dentistry?

DIANNE REKOW (DR): While working in engineering, I discovered dentistry’s extraordinary breadth of opportunities, ranging from the freedoms—and responsibilities—of private practice to the joys of discovery in intensely focused research. After 11 years in technical positions in industry, I returned to graduate school in engineering, simultaneously taking additional biology and chemistry courses with the hope of being accepted to dental school. Knowing of my dual interest, my advisor at the University of Minnesota, Arthur Erdman, PhD, was able to engage me in a joint project between the mechanical engineering and orthodontics departments at the University of Minnesota. Perhaps this was destiny, because it set me on a career path that could not have been more exciting. My dream became a reality, and I ended up weaving dentistry, orthodontics, and bioengineering into an amazing career.

	Actually, the transition between these fields is not particularly radical. Much of engineering and dentistry is similar in many ways. Both require skilled problem solvers, depth in understanding materials and their performance characteristics, and creativity.

	An engineering background has been enormously helpful in my career, partly because it created a background and language to understand and articulate potential opportunities in dentistry. Much of my work has been with interdisciplinary groups, where these skills have been enormously important. I strongly believe that multidisciplinary teams are becoming increasingly important and are essential in making paradigm shifts in our understanding. Having a background that crosses disciplines helps translate concepts between team members, moving us to common understanding faster, and in doing so, more can be acomplished and discovered.

ID: Having recently moved from your position as senior vice provost for engineering and technology at New York University, where you were also professor of orthodontics and of basic science and craniofacial biology at the College of Dentistry, to Dean of the Dental Institute at King’s College London, what do you consider the major differences between these educational models?

DR: What dentists know and what they are taught seem to be very similar, although there are, of course, many regional differences within the United States as well as between the United States and the United Kingdom.

	At King’s—and throughout much of the United Kingdom and Europe—students earn their BDS degree in 5 years, beginning immediately after the equivalent of high school, so they are much younger when they begin their professional training and—except in rare circumstances—have not had the experiences of a first university degree and the associated inevitable maturation, life experiences, and depth of pre-dental educational background.

	In the United Kingdom, as in the United States, clinical experiences are influenced by the patient populations seeking treatment. At King’s, a total of about 250,000 patient visits per year are distributed over four clinical settings, three of which are hospital settings. Two enable students to see ambulatory as well as hospitalized patients; there is also a team-based clinic that provides an experience similar to the four-handed dentistry training in the United States. Because of its scale, distributed delivery sites, and research interests in oral medicine and pathologies, King’s students see a vast array of patients, including those with relatively obscure pathologies.

	With a BDS, graduates are qualified to practice, but if they wish to be registered with the National Health Service (NHS) and be able to treat NHS patients, they must have an additional year of training under the direction of one of a deaneries outside of the university system.

	Graduate specialty training programs seem to be very similar in the two countries, except for their duration. At most UK universities, the PhD is expected to be competed in 3 to 4 years, in contrast to the usual 7-year programs in the United States.

	Another startling difference is the matter of tuition, which, until this year, was not charged at most UK universities. Although that has changed, students will not need to pay out of pocket; the tuition will be structured as a loan to be repaid after the student begins working. Such loans are not available to students seeking additional degrees, who must pay required tuition at the beginning of each year of training.

	Major differences exist between the US and UK systems in terms of those engaged in setting educational standards, directions, registration, and funding. In the United Kingdom, the General Dental Council (GDC), the Royal Societies, the NHS, and the Deaneries all interact with the University in various ways. Government agencies set limits on the number of undergraduate students that can be accepted, which determines the government-provided funding levels shared between the University and the Foundation Trust hospitals. The complication of understanding the roles of each of these is one of my more interesting challenges, and a full description of how they interact would surely exceed the limits of space available here.

ID: Having been involved in early CAD/CAM designs, what were its challenges? Seeing where CAD/CAM is today, could you have envisioned that 20 years ago?

	 

DR: The most significant challenge we faced was that our imagination exceeded the technology. Our goal was to create a CAD/CAM system capable of fully automating creation of posterior, full-coverage molar crowns with quality equal to a cast crown. We made this choice because it represented the most challenging demands; posterior crowns have the most geometriccomplexity and are in the most difficult sites for acquiring data.

	One of our major limitations was the computational power in the late 1970s and early 1980s, which prevented us from realizing a fully automated system. It is satisfying to see the strides made by so many companies now producing systems. It is also frustrating to remember how many potential investors told us CAD/CAM systems were unnecessary and would never be viable in the marketplace. Many of the systems now available have realized our performance goals, meeting the objectives we had in design specifications articulated over 20 years ago. So, while it is satisfying to see that our vision was possible, it is disappointing that development on our envisioned system halted and that it is not among those now commercially available.

	Today’s CAD/CAM systems predominately use a subtractive production approach, but evolving and maturing technologies are exploring an additive approach whereby materials are placed or cured only in the areas required for a restoration to be created. One particularly exciting aspect of some of the additive approaches is that combinations of materials can be used in different ratios in different locations. The practical implications of this for a crown are that it could be created with a high-strength core material that could change to an esthetic surface smoothly and continuously, without requiring the usual well-defined core-veneer interface. This change could dramatically improve the damage tolerance of all-ceramic crowns. It could also improve esthetics, because different shades of esthetic materials could be deposited in specific areas of a restoration, more nearly mimicking natural tooth shading.

	CAD/CAM technologies have already opened possibilities for new materials not previously practical for restorations. Most notable to date is the emergence of zirconia-based restorations. Synergy between CAD/CAM technology and material science will likely be more and more exciting as both fields continue to mature.

ID: What was the basis for NYU Dental School’s receiving a $2 million grant from the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), and what does it mean for dental education?

DR: Our DHS-sponsored activities have had an important influence on education, both at NYU and in other areas of the United States. We had two different but complementary funded grants.

	In the first grant, our objective was to investigate and evaluate how to appropriately involve dentists in first-response activities as part of an overall DHS-led system, not acting on their own. A number of new policies have been put in place in some jurisdictions that now engage dentists more fully in emergency response.

	In the second, we were able to model implications and outcomes of various responses. One outgrowth of our effort was—on two occasions—the involvement of several dental, medical, and nursing students and faculty in a 1-week training program with the Army at Fort Sam Houston in San Antonio. This was an amazing eye-opener, giving us lecture-based information about an array of potential threats and appropriate responses as well as field experience of selected situations, including operations of field triage and treatment—all in 100° heat.

	David Glotzer, DDS, and Walter Poster, DDS, PhD, both at NYU, have incorporated much of what we learned into the dental curriculum. In the first year, students learn the basics—what to do in a fire drill, how to evacuate a building, etc. In the second year, when students normally learn about pathogens and viruses, they also now learn about pathogens that could be bioterrorist agents. In the third year, they start learning to recognize the clinical manifestations of such biological agents. However, what I particularly like is that in the fourth year, there is a component in the practice management course where each student writes a preparedness plan for his or her own practice. Their plans are geared toward the environment in the area where they expect to practice.

ID: From your leadership positions in both the International Association of Dental Research (IADR) and the American Association of Dental Research (AADR), how would you describe the state of dental research today? What three items would you include on a simple straightforward priority list for the focus of dental research?

DR: Craniofacial-related research is very strong, but I think it’s often underappreciated by our colleagues outside dentistry. While remarkable things are being investigated and reported, I am concerned that the research prowess of the dental faculty and the impact of the research are not always as well respected as they should be. I hope that as we learn more about the connection between oral health and systemic health that there will be an improvement in the dialogue and respect between professional communities.

	Funding for research is always critically important. The success of new faculty is heavily influenced by their ability to secure federal research funding. Limited and/or falling funding levels force many to leave academia, which is particularly troubling as we simultaneously wrestle with trying to increase the number of people interested in pursuing academic careers needed to secure a vibrant future for the profession and dental education.

	As for my dental research priority list, it would include: 1.) gaining a better understanding of the interface between the biology and materials—both biologic and non-biologic—that we use to manipulate and restore function; 2.) higher-resolution imaging and non-ionizing radiation to track the evolution of pathologies and restoration of health; and 3.) stronger collaboration across disciplines to exploit knowledge and technology for greater understanding of physiologic functions at all length scales from cellular to dental–systemic interactions.

ID: How can members of the dental profession at large play a greater role in setting the directions for research?

DR: One important way individual practicing dentists can be involved in driving research is to be involved with one of the practice-based research networks. In the United States, these networks have largely been funded by NIDCR, but similar activities have been in place for some time in other countries, including England and Scotland. Through the networks, clinicians help define the questions being addressed about the procedures they already perform. Then the outcomes of the procedures and/or patient’s perceptions of the outcomes are analyzed and reported. Practitioners, in large measure, continue to do what they’ve been doing while gathering information about procedures they and others in the network perform. The results of the studies are shared with the network and other clinicians, permitting them to evaluate the efficacy of procedures and materials across practices, as well as analyzing the implications of the study on how they choose to practice. This enables practitioners to have access to quality information much faster than would be possible in an academic environment.

	The networks also enable clinicians to evaluate the evidence base of dentistry. The findings from the studies often identify gaps in our knowledge. Importantly, the networks provide an intelligent platform from which to make decisions about future materials, procedures, techniques, and new research priorities.

ID: What do you think may be the next big breakthrough technology for oral health and the delivery of dental care?

DR: While there are many exciting developments now and on the horizon, I believe salivary diagnostics will be important for future, and that we’ll gain a better understanding of the disease process. To be able to understand thecomplexities of the body from saliva is quite remarkable. With future breakthroughs, we can envision new ways of diagnosis and measuring restoration of health in fully developed counties as well as across geographies that have historically lacked sufficient infrastructure for blood and urine tests.

	In tissue engineering, highly effective scaffolds are an important step in delivering the proper initial support to create the appropriate tissue combinations to restore natural tissues that can then resorb with no negative side effects. A remarkable a complishment would be to create a complete tooth with all of its layers, its functionality, in the right place, and with the proper anatomy.

	It is also important to find new ways of improving the probability that a tooth be able to last in neglected environment, without the necessity for the self-care, as well as more effective ways to engage people in delivering the currently needed self-care. We must also continue to address healthcare delivery challenges posed by lack-of-access issues but also those of access of care, motivating those who already have access to use the oral healthcare services available to them.

ID: Looking toward the future, what would be a disruptive technology that would severely impact dental practice as we know it today? What technology used today will likely be something of the past?

DR: An intelligent coating of some sort—eg, something that turned purple if your blood sugar level went too high—would be hugely disruptive and very positive. This may already be in the realm of possibility if we engaged multidisciplinary teams to explore the question.

	As for technologies that could get phased out, my hope is that we can find effective alternatives to ionizing radiation. Also, it would also be hugely impactful if we could find ways to preserve natural oral tissues, so restoration becomes a thing of the past.

	About Dr. REKOW

	Dianne Rekow, DDS, PHD, is currently Dean of the Dental Institute at King’s College London. At New York University (NYU), immediately before joining King’s, she served in various roles including as senior vice provost of engineering and technology and provost of Polytechnic Institute of NYU, chair of the Department of Basic Science, professor of Orthodontics, and was the principal investigator on an NIDCR-funded grant to explore damage initiation and propagation in layered ceramic materials. Before joining NYU in 2002, she served in various academic positions at the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey, the University of Maryland at Baltimore, and the University of Minnesota.

	Dr. Rekow is past president of both the International and American Associations for Dental Research and is an internationally known authority on the performance of ceramic materials in esthetic and restorative dentistry. In addition to her dental degree, Dr. Rekow holds Bachelor’s degrees in physics/mathematics and mechanical engineering, a Master’s degree in mechanical engineering, an MBA, a specialty certificate in orthodontics, and a PhD in biomedical engineering.  







				Stay up to date with 
									Inside Dentistry
				!
			







Inside Dentistry
Articles
Archive
CE
eBooks
News
Products
Subscribe




View All of Our Brands
Inside Dentistry
Compendium
Inside Dental Technology
CDE World




Contact Us
About Us
Advertisers
Creative Services






			© 2017 AEGIS Communications | Privacy Policy










	King's College London -  King's appoints new Dean to its Dental Institute

























Browser does not support script.
Browser does not support script.
Browser does not support script.
Browser does not support script.Browser does not support script.


King's College London - Homepage


Internal



Search


  Browser does not support script.




Prospective Students

UndergraduatePostgraduateInternational StudentsStudy abroadSummer programmesExecutive EducationShort coursesAcademic Preparation CoursesAccommodationVisit King's


StudentServices

Learning & teachingModern Language CentreSupport and AdviceLibrary servicesStudent newsStudent opportunitiesCareersKing's VenuesStudents' UnionITAcademic calendar


Research & Innovation

Research at King'sInnovationCollaborate with King'sKing's Health PartnersCultural King's


Faculties

Arts & HumanitiesDental InstituteLawLife Sciences & MedicineNatural & Mathematical SciencesNursing & MidwiferyPsychiatry, Psychology & NeuroscienceSocial Science & Public Policy


Giving to King's

World questions|King's answersWhat have we achieved?Donate now


Alumni Community

Alumni CommunityAlumni benefitsGive backEvents & reunionsNews & features


About King's 

Mission & strategyHistory & todayKing's WorldwideInternational strategyGovernance & LegalPresident & PrincipalOrganisational structureQuality management & policyJob opportunitiesDiversity & InclusionFinancial information





Show/hide main menu
  
Home | News and Events | News |       King's appoints new Dean to its Dental Institute
   News   News Highlights  

King's appoints new Dean to its Dental Institute
			Posted on 24/08/2011
		
Dr Dianne Rekow
Dr Dianne Rekow, Senior Vice Provost of Engineering and Technology at New York University (NYU) and Provost of Polytechnic Institute of NYU, has been appointed as the next Dean of the Dental Institute at King’s College London. She will succeed Professor Nairn Wilson, who is due to retire at the end of this year, and will take up the position from 1 January 2012.  Dr Rekow is president of the International Association for Dental Research (IADR) and is an internationally known authority on the performance of new materials and products for use in aesthetic and restorative dentistry. Dr Rekow’s team has also carried out research into the use of bio-engineered tissue to facilitate the growth of replacement bone in people who have been disfigured by disease.  Principal of King’s, Professor Sir Rick Trainor, said: ‘Dr Rekow is an internationally renowned, highly regarded expert in her field with substantial experience of successful academic leadership in dentistry and beyond. I am delighted to welcome her to King’s Dental Institute as it enters the next phase of development as a world class dental clinical academic centre. ‘With her unparalleled knowledge and expertise, Dr Rekow will help drive the Dental Institute forward to realise its full potential across the spectrum of innovative clinical practice, learning and teaching and groundbreaking oral and dental research.  ‘This year the Dental Institute was ranked in first position in two of the UK’s higher education league tables -The Guardian and The Complete University Guide. I would like to pay tribute to Professor Nairn Wilson’s role in achieving this during his many years of dedicated service to King’s, and under whose leadership and vision the Dental Institute has gone from strength to strength.’ Commenting on her appointment, Dr Rekow said: ‘King’s well-earned outstanding reputation is an incredibly valuable asset for a new dean, creating an exceptionally strong base from which to mitigate emerging challenges and realise future opportunities.  I look forward to working with the staff and students in the Dental Institute, the College, the associated Trusts, and the dental profession as the Institute continues its evolution to increasingly greater distinction.’   Notes to editors: For more details about King's, please see our 'King's in Brief' page.  For more details about the Dental Institute, please see http://www.kcl.ac.uk/dentistry/index.aspx 

  Rss Feed   Atom Feed    News Highlights:  
News Highlights...RSS FeedAtom Feed





Coral could be used to create sunscreens

DescriptionResearchers at King's College London have discovered how coral produces natural sunscreen compounds to protect itself from damaging UV rays, leading scientists to believe these compounds could form the basis of a new type of sunscreen for humans.Categories: Press Release








Breastfeeding and eczema research

DescriptionA worldwide study led by King's researchers has found no clear evidence that exclusive breastfeeding for four months or longer protects against childhood eczema.








New and improved air pollution website

DescriptionThe Environmental Research Group (ERG) at King's has updated its London Air Quality Network website, making information on air pollution more accessible to the public than ever before.







   Share this story:  
Twitter
Facebook

   
Contact the Public Relations OfficeKing's in brief
News

NewsNews archive
2013201220112010200920082007200620052004200320022001

Media CoverageDirectory of ExpertsEventsVideosPodcastsFilming
Filming at King's
Connect with King'sKing's Publications
   Follow Us  @kingscollegelon Live Twitter feed...  @kingscollegelon 







King's CollegeLondon @KingsCollegeLon
                        The birds and the bees: supporting #biodiversity on campus - spotlight.kcl.ac.uk/2017/07/12/bir… #spotlightkings pic.twitter.com/LdsGyHXS39 





King's CollegeLondon @KingsCollegeLon
                        No deal and a chaotic #Brexit would be a 'a legal morass and an economic disaster' says @anandMenon1 @UKandEU twitter.com/UKandEU/status… 





King's CollegeLondon @KingsCollegeLon
                        'You had a kiss between 2 men on Eastenders before significant law reform' - LGBT road to Equality #spotlightkings… twitter.com/i/web/status/8… 

 Join the conversation  



Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Add to Favourites
Digg

RSS Feed



Faculty of Arts & Humanities

Arts & Humanities Research InstituteClassicsComparative LiteratureCulture, Media & Creative IndustriesDigital HumanitiesEnglishFilm StudiesFrenchGermanHistoryKing's Digital LabLiberal ArtsModern Language CentreMusicPhilosophySpanish, Portuguese & Latin American StudiesTheology & Religious Studies


Dental  Institute

Academic Staff ProfilesDistance LearningLonDECProspective PostgraduatesProspective UndergraduatesCraniofacial Development & Stem Cell BiologyMucosal & Salivary BiologyPopulation & Patient HealthTissue Engineering & BiophotonicsDental Innovation & Translation Centre


Faculty of Life Sciences & Medicine

School of Bioscience EducationGKT School of Medical EducationAnalytical & Environmental Sciences DivisionAsthma, Allergy & Lung BiologyBioscience EducationCancer StudiesCardiovascularCentre for Global HealthCentre of Human & Aerospace Physiological Sciences (CHAPS)Cicely Saunders Institute of Palliative Care and RehabilitationDiabetes & Nutritional SciencesGenetics & Molecular MedicineImaging Sciences & Biomedical EngineeringImmunology, Infection & Inflammatory Disease


Faculty of  Life Science & Medicine

Pharmaceutical ScienceHealth & Social Care ResearchMedical EducationRandall Division of Cell & Molecular BiophysicsTransplantation Immunology & Mucosal BiologyWomen's HealthDepartment of AnatomyDepartment of BiochemistryDepartment of GeneticsCentre of ImmunologyDepartment of Neuroscience EducationDepartment of Nutrition & DieteticsDepartment of Pharmacology & TherapeuticsDepartment of Pharmacy & Forensic ScienceDepartment of PhysiologyDepartment of Physiotherapy


Institute of Psychiatry, Psychology & Neuroscience

AddictionsBasic & Clinical NeuroscienceBiostatisticsChild and Adolescent PsychiatryForensic & Neurodevelopment ScienceHealth Service & Population ResearchNeuroimagingOld Age PsychiatryPsychological MedicinePsychologyPsychosis StudiesSocial, Genetic & Development Psychiatry Centre (MRC)MRC Centre for Developmental NeurobiologyWolfson Centre for Age Related Diseases (CARD)






The Dickson Poon School of Law

Research (PhD/MPhil)Centre of British Constitutional Law and HistoryCentre of Construction LawCentre of European LawCentre of Medical Law & EthicsCentre for Politics, Philosophy & LawCentre for Technology, Ethics & Law in SocietyClimate Law and GovernanceCompetition Law at King'sTransnational Law Institute


Faculty of Natural & Mathematical Sciences

ChemistryInformaticsMathematicsPhysics


Florence Nightingale Faculty of Nursing & Midwifery

Becoming a nurseBecoming a midwifeCourses for qualified healthcare professionalsInternationalResearchPartnersApplicants


Faculty of Social Science & Public Policy

> School of Global AffairsAfrican Leadership CentreBrazil InstituteGeographyGlobal Health & Social MedicineIndia InstituteInternational DevelopmentLau China Institute> School of Security StudiesDefence Studies DepartmentWar StudiesWar Studies Online> School of Education, Communication & Society> School of Politics and EconomicsEuropean & International StudiesMiddle Eastern StudiesPolitical EconomyRussia Institute> School of Management & Business> Policy Institute at King's


Global Affairs

KCL






Cultural King’s

Cultural ProgrammingCultural InstituteCultural Partnerships & EnquiryScience Gallery London


Other

A-Z Central DepartmentsA-Z Research groups





King's College London - Homepage
Sitemap Site help Terms and conditions Privacy policy Accessibility Modern slavery statement Contact us
© 2017 King's College London | Strand | London WC2R 2LS | England | United Kingdom | Tel +44 (0)20 7836 5454


Browser does not support script.



Browser does not support script.









Dental CAD/CAM systems - The Journal of the American Dental Association                           





Skip to Main Content
























































ADA Members
ADA Member FAQ
ADA Member Feedback
ADA CareerCenter
ADA MarketPlace
JADA CE Help
Reprints
Permissions
Sign up for e-Alerts
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Sign-up for JADA Specialty Scans


ADA News
ADA
ADA.org
About the ADA
ADA Store
ADA Annual Meeting
ADA Center for Professional Success
ADA Center for Evidence-Based Dentistry
ADA Business Resources
ADA Foundation
MouthHealthy
News Releases


Help & Contact
































RSS Feeds
   









ADA Member Login
Non-Member Login




Email/Username:






Password:





 Remember me

Forgot password?





Register

Register as a Guest
Register and Claim Your Subscription



Subscribe

















Articles & Issues
Online Ahead of Print
Current Issue
Issue Archive
Collections
Supplements
JADA Centennial
JADA For the Patient
International Editions


CE
JADA Online CE
JADA CE Worksheets
ADA CE
JADA CE Help


JADA+ Content
About JADA+
Clinical Scans
Specialty Scans
Professional Product Review


Clinical Scans
For Authors
Author Guidelines
Author FAQs
Permissions
Submit Your Manuscript


For Readers
Activate Online Access
JADA Mobile App
Aims and Scope
Editorial Board
Sign up for e-Alerts
Reprints
Permissions
Submit a Letter to the Editor


For Advertisers
Print Solutions and Online Advertising
Classified Advertising
Reprints
Permissions











Search Terms

 Search within

All Content
Article Title, Abstract, Keywords
Authors
Article Title
Abstract

Search

                                    
                                
                                Advanced Search
                            




















Next Article >

 September 2006Volume 137, Supplement 1,  Pages 5S–6S 







Switch to Standard ViewSwitch to Enhanced ViewDental CAD/CAM systemsA 20-year success story E. Dianne RekowxE. Dianne RekowSearch for articles by this authorCorrespondenceAddress reprint requests to Dr. Rekow, DDS, PhD1,Correspondence information about the author DDS, PhD E. Dianne RekowxE. Dianne RekowSearch for articles by this authorCorrespondenceAddress reprint requests to Dr. RekowEmail the author DDS, PhD E. Dianne Rekow1Dr. Rekow is a professor and the chair, Department of Basic Science and craniofacial biology, and the director, Translational Research, New York University College of Dentistry, 345 E. 24th St., New York, N.Y. 10010Dental CAD/CAM systemsDOI:
            http://dx.doi.org/10.14219/jada.archive.2006.0396
AbstractFull TextImages/DataReferencesRelated ArticlesThe stage was set for exciting advances in dentistry in the 1950s and 1960s when prototypes of computer-aided design (CAD) and computer-aided manufacturing (CAM) were introduced into industrial settings.1 In those applications, the geometry of the “parts” was simpler than that generally needed for dental restorations, but the same techniques could be applied to creating dental crowns.© 2006 American Dental Association. Published by Elsevier Inc.  All rights reserved.











Access this article on

ScienceDirect

Visit ScienceDirect to see if you have access via your institution.





Article Tools


PDF (61 KB)




                
                
                
                Email Article
            

Add to My Reading List
Export Citation
Create Citation Alert

Cited by in Scopus (0)



Request Permissions
Order Reprints (100 minimum order)














 




Article Related Audio






Article Related Video






Related Articles

Searching for related articles..



































Next Article >

 September 2006Volume 137, Supplement 1,  Pages 5S–6S 



















 Copyright © 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Use of Cookies | About Us | Help & Contact  | Accessibility
The content on this site is intended for health professionals.
Advertisements on this site do not constitute a guarantee or endorsement by the journal, Association, or publisher of the quality or value of such product or of the claims made for it by its manufacturer.
















Download PDF







































