


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














CENTENNIAL HOLDING COMPANY, LLC - ATLANTA, GA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



GA



ATLANTA



Real Estate Investment Trusts



Real Estate Investment Trusts



                            CENTENNIAL HOLDING COMPANY, LLC
                                    



 





















C 


CENTENNIAL HOLDING COMPANY, LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



3348 PEACHTREE RD NE # 1000 ATLANTA, GA 30326
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $690,000.00
 Employee Count 12
 Industries Real Estate Investment Trusts
 Contacts W PORTER PAYNE JR







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Centennial Holding Company, Llc has estimated annual revenues of $690,000.00 and also employs an estimated 12 employees. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

























Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership (4)
















































July Edition Of Canna InvestorsHub Magazine Now Available


Support: 888-992-3836 | Newswire | Home | Log in












Boards


Stocks


Commodities


Forex


Cryptocurrency


The Lounge




Hot!


Breakout Boards


iHub My Stocks Activity


Ticker Buzz Cloud


Most Read


Most Posted


Most Followed Members


Recent News


Active Boards


Site Stats


New Boards


Cannabis Stocks




Tools


Data Tools >


Charts


Trader Alerts


Trades


Portfolio


Top Lists


Price & News Alerts


Commodities


Markets in 3D




NewsWire


More Tools >


Newsletters


My Image Gallery


Advanced Search


Videos


All News


Stock Screener


News Filter


Live Charts


Live News


Live Desktop


Forex Prices


Commodities


ETF Center


Educational Channel


Personal Finance Q&A






Streamer


Level 2


Follow Feed
























QuoteChartLevel 2TradesNewsFinancialsHistoricalTechnical AnalysisMessage BoardCentennial Resource Development, Inc. (MM) (NASDAQ)




Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership (4)


Date : 06/21/2017 @ 7:47PM


Source : Edgar (US Regulatory)


Stock : Centennial Resource Development, Inc. (MM) (CDEV)


Quote :  17.12  0.0 (0.00%) @ 4:00AM


 








Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership (4)Tweet


Print









	FORM 4




	[ ]
	Check this box if no longer subject to Section 16. Form 4 or Form 5 obligations may continue.

	See

	Instruction 1(b).

	        





	UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

	Washington, D.C. 20549







	STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF SECURITIES



	                                                                                  




	OMB APPROVAL



	OMB Number:


	3235-0287



	Estimated average burden

	hours per response...


	0.5





	                      





	Filed pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or Section 30(h) of the Investment Company Act of 1940



	                      














	1. Name and Address of Reporting Person


	*






	Riverstone Management Group, L.L.C.




	2. Issuer Name

	and

	Ticker or Trading Symbol




	Centennial Resource Development, Inc.
	[
	CDEV
	]




	5. Relationship of Reporting Person(s) to Issuer
	(Check all applicable)




	_____ Director

	                    

	__

	X

	__ 10% Owner



	_____ Officer (give title below)

	    

	_____ Other (specify below)












	(Last)

	        

	(First)

	        

	(Middle)





	C/O RIVERSTONE HOLDINGS, 712 FIFTH AVENUE 36TH FLOOR




	3. Date of Earliest Transaction

	(MM/DD/YYYY)






	6/19/2017








	(Street)





	NEW YORK, NY 10019



	(City)

	      

	(State)

	      

	(Zip)





	4. If Amendment, Date Original Filed


	(MM/DD/YYYY)





	 





	6. Individual or Joint/Group Filing


	(Check Applicable Line)




	___ Form filed by One Reporting Person

	_

	X

	_ Form filed by More than One Reporting Person















	Table I - Non-Derivative Securities Acquired, Disposed of, or Beneficially Owned







	1.Title of Security

	(Instr. 3)




	2. Trans. Date




	2A. Deemed Execution Date, if any




	3. Trans. Code

	(Instr. 8)




	4. Securities Acquired (A) or Disposed of (D)

	(Instr. 3, 4 and 5)




	5. Amount of Securities Beneficially Owned Following Reported Transaction(s)

	(Instr. 3 and 4)




	6. Ownership Form: Direct (D) or Indirect (I) (Instr. 4)




	7. Nature of Indirect Beneficial Ownership (Instr. 4)






	Code




	V




	Amount




	(A) or (D)




	Price









	Class A Common Stock

	 





	6/19/2017

	 




	 





	J



	(1)







	  







	1815988


	 






	D






	 


	(1)







	121142602

	 





	I

	 





	See footnote

	 


	(2)




	(3)




	(4)




	(5)




	(6)




	(7)




	(9)


















	Table II - Derivative Securities Beneficially Owned (

	e.g.

	, puts, calls, warrants, options, convertible securities)







	1. Title of Derivate Security

	(Instr. 3)




	2. Conversion or Exercise Price of Derivative Security




	3. Trans. Date




	3A. Deemed Execution Date, if any




	4. Trans. Code

	(Instr. 8)




	5. Number of Derivative Securities Acquired (A) or Disposed of (D)

	(Instr. 3, 4 and 5)




	6. Date Exercisable and Expiration Date




	7. Title and Amount of Securities Underlying Derivative Security

	(Instr. 3 and 4)




	8. Price of Derivative Security

	(Instr. 5)




	9. Number of derivative Securities Beneficially Owned Following Reported Transaction(s) (Instr. 4)




	10. Ownership Form of Derivative Security: Direct (D) or Indirect (I) (Instr. 4)




	11. Nature of Indirect Beneficial Ownership (Instr. 4)






	Code




	V




	(A)




	(D)




	Date Exercisable




	Expiration Date




	Title




	Amount or Number of Shares









	Warrants (right to buy)

	 





	$11.5

	 





	6/19/2017

	 




	 





	J

	 


	(1)







	  





	  






	1173498


	  




	 


	(8)






	 


	(8)







	Class A Common Stock

	 





	1173498

	 




	 


	(1)







	6826502

	 





	I

	 





	See footnotes

	 


	(8)




	(9)
















	Explanation of Responses:










	(1) 





	On June 19, 2017, Silver Run Sponsor, LLC ("Silver Run Sponsor") distributed 1,815,988 shares of the Class A Common Stock of the Issuer and warrants to purchase 1,173,498 shares of Class A Common Stock to its member, Mark G. Papa, for no consideration.









	(2) 





	Following the transactions reported herein, includes 23,888,921 shares held of record by REL US Centennial Holdings, LLC ("REL US"), 80,819,780 shares held of record by Riverstone VI Centennial QB Holdings, L.P. ("Riverstone QB Holdings"), 5,869,889 shares held of record by Riverstone Non-ECI USRPI AIV, L.P. ("Riverstone Non-ECI"), and 10,564,012 shares held of record by Silver Run Sponsor, of Class A Common Stock.









	(3) 





	David Leuschen and Pierre F. Lapeyre, Jr. are the managing directors of Riverstone Management Group, L.L.C. ("Riverstone Management"), which is the managing member of Riverstone/Gower Mgmt Co Holdings, L.L.C. ("Riverstone/Gower"), which is the sole member of Riverstone Holdings LLC ("Holdings") and the sole shareholder of Riverstone Holdings II (Cayman) Ltd. ("Holdings II").









	(4) 





	Holdings is the sole shareholder of Riverstone Energy GP VI Corp, which is the managing member of Riverstone Energy GP VI, LLC, which is the general partner of Riverstone Energy Partners VI, L.P., which is the general partner of Riverstone QB Holdings. Riverstone Energy GP VI, LLC is managed by an eight person managing committee consisting of Pierre F. Lapeyre, Jr., David M. Leuschen, James T. Hackett, Michael B. Hoffman, N. John Lancaster, Andrew W. Ward, Mark G. Papa and, on a rotating basis, one of E. Bartow Jones, Baran Tekkora and Robert M. Tichio









	(5) 





	(continued) Each of Messrs. Leuschen and Lapeyre, Riverstone Management, Riverstone/Gower, Holdings, Riverstone Energy GP VI Corp, Riverstone Energy GP VI, LLC and Riverstone Energy Partners VI, L.P. may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of the securities held of record by Riverstone QB Holdings. Each such entity or person disclaims any such beneficial ownership of such securities except to the extent of their pecuniary interest therein, and this report shall not be deemed an admission that the reporting person is the beneficial owner of the securities for purposes of Section 16 or for any other purpose.









	(6) 





	(continued) Holdings II is the general partner of Riverstone Energy Limited Investment Holdings, LP, which is the sole shareholder of REL IP General Partner Limited, which is the general partner of REL IP General Partner LP, which is the managing member of REL US. Each of Messrs. Leuschen and Lapeyre, Riverstone Management, Riverstone/Gower, Holdings II, Riverstone Energy Limited Investment Holdings, LP, REL IP General Partner Limited and REL IP General Partner LP may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of the securities held of record by REL US. Each such person or entity disclaims beneficial ownership of these securities except to the extent of their pecuniary interest therein, and this report shall not be deemed an admission that any such person or entity is the beneficial owner of these securities for purposes of Section 16 or for any other purpose.









	(7) 





	(continued) Riverstone Non-ECI GP Ltd. is the sole member of Riverstone Non-ECI Cayman GP LLC, which is the general partner of Riverstone Non-ECI Partners GP (Cayman), L.P., which is the sole member of Riverstone Non-ECI USRPI AIV GP, L.L.C., which is the general partner of Riverstone Non-ECI. Riverstone Non-ECI GP Ltd. is managed by Mr. Leuschen and Mr. Lapeyre. As such, each of Messrs. Leuschen and Lapeyre, Riverstone Non-ECI GP Ltd., Riverstone Non-ECI Cayman GP LLC, Riverstone Non-ECI Partners GP (Cayman), L.P., and Riverstone Non-ECI USRPI AIV GP, L.L.C. may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of the securities held of record by Riverstone Non-ECI. Each such person or entity disclaims beneficial ownership of these securities except to the extent of their pecuniary interest therein, and this report shall not be deemed an admission that any such person or entity is the beneficial owner of these securities for purposes of Section 16 or for any other purpose.









	(8) 





	The warrants are held of record by Silver Run Sponsor. The warrants are currently exercisable and will expire five years after the Initial Business Combination, which occurred on October 11, 2016, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.









	(9) 





	Holdings is the managing member of Silver Run Sponsor Manager, LLC, which is the managing member of Silver Run Sponsor. As such, each of Messrs. Leuschen and Lapeyre, Riverstone Management, Riverstone/Gower, Holdings and Silver Run Sponsor Manager, LLC may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of the securities held of record by Silver Run Sponsor. Each such person or entity disclaims beneficial ownership of these securities except to the extent of their pecuniary interest therein, and this report shall not be deemed an admission that any such person or entity is the beneficial owner of these securities for purposes of Section 16 or for any other purpose.










	Remarks:



	Due to the limitations of the electronic filing system, each of REL US Centennial Holdings, LLC; REL IP General Partner LP, REL IP General Partner Limited; Riverstone Energy Limited Investment Holdings, LP; Riverstone Holdings II (Cayman) Ltd.; Riverstone VI Centennial QB Holdings, L.P.; Riverstone Holdings, LLC; Silver Run Sponsor, LLC; Silver Run Sponsor Manager, LLC; Riverstone Non-ECI USRPI AIV, L.P.; Riverstone Non-ECI USRPI AIV GP, L.L.C.; Riverstone Non-ECI Partners GP (Cayman), L.P.; Riverstone Non-ECI GP Cayman LLC; Riverstone Non-ECI GP Ltd.; Riverstone Energy Partners VI, L.P.; Riverstone Energy GP VI, LLC; Riverstone Energy GP VI Corp; David M. Leuschen, and Pierre F. Lapeyre Jr. are filing a separate Form 4.












	Reporting Owners








	Reporting Owner Name / Address





	Relationships






	Director




	10% Owner




	Officer




	Other







	Riverstone Management Group, L.L.C.

	C/O RIVERSTONE HOLDINGS

	712 FIFTH AVENUE 36TH FLOOR

	NEW YORK, NY 10019









	X














	Riverstone/Gower Mgmt Co Holdings, L.L.C.

	C/O RIVERSTONE HOLDINGS

	712 FIFTH AVENUE 36TH FLOOR

	NEW YORK, NY 10019









	X




















	Signatures









	Riverstone Management Group, L.L.C. By: /s/ Thomas J. Walker, Manager








	6/21/2017









	**


	Signature of Reporting Person




	Date









	Riverstone/Gower Mgmt Co Holdings, L.L.C. By: /s/ Thomas J. Walker, Manager








	6/21/2017









	**


	Signature of Reporting Person




	Date












	Reminder: Report on a separate line for each class of securities beneficially owned directly or indirectly.








	*






	If the form is filed by more than one reporting person,

	see

	Instruction 4(b)(v).








	**






	Intentional misstatements or omissions of facts constitute Federal Criminal Violations.

	See

	18 U.S.C. 1001 and 15 U.S.C. 78ff(a).






	Note:




	File three copies of this Form, one of which must be manually signed. If space is insufficient,

	see

	Instruction 6 for procedure.






	Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB control number.









Centennial Resource (NASDAQ:CDEV)Historical Stock Chart
1 Year : From Jul 2016 to Jul 2017


Centennial Resource (NASDAQ:CDEV)Intraday Stock Chart
Today : Friday 28 July 2017





 








Latest CDEV Messages




 View More Posts
 Remove From Favorites
 Add to Favorites















{{bbMessage.M_Alias}}

{{bbMessage.MSG_Date}}
{{bbMessage.HowLongAgo}}
{{bbMessage.MSG_ID}}

{{bbMessage.MSG_Subject}}






















												Share on Facebook
											


												 Share on Twitter
											

 
												 Share on Email
											












Loading Messages....







No posts yet, be the first!
No {{symbol}} Message Board. Create One!
See More Posts on {{symbol}} Message Board

See More Message Board Posts










 

 
Your Recent History
						


 


 







LSE






					GKP
				




				Gulf Keyst..
			








LSE






					QPP
				




				Quindell
			








FTSE






					UKX
				




				FTSE 100
			








LSE






					IOF
				




				Iofina
			








FX






					GBPUSD
				




				UK Sterlin..
			



 

Stocks you've viewed will appear in this box, letting you easily return to quotes you've seen previously.Register now to create your own custom streaming stock watchlist.
  



NYSE, AMEX, and ASX quotes are delayed by at least 20 minutes.All other quotes are delayed by at least 15 minutes unless otherwise stated.		










Centennial Holding Co LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback































centennial holding co llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: -
Industry: -
Sub-Industry: -
Centennial Holding Company LLC is a real estate investment firm. The Company focuses on investments and property management during acquisitions. Centennial Holding invests within the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

3348 Peachtree Road Northeast
Suite 1000
Atlanta, GA 30326
United States


Phone:
1-404-816-8080


Fax:
-





Board Members




Chairman
Company


William Payne
Centennial Holding Co LLC


























From The Web











Key Executives


William Porter Payne "Billy"


Chairman




W Porter Payne Jr


President/CEO




Jerry A Brewer


Chief Financial Officer




Doug B Bowles


Chief Operating Officer




Andrew H Trotter III


Chief Investment Officer




C Read Morton


Exec VP:Business Development




Robert L Johnston


Exec VP:Property Mgmt




Jeffrey P Jerden


Senior Vice President







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data














































Jerry Brewer | Centennial Holding Company

























Skip to main content









Centennial Holding Company


















                  Jerry Brewer                










Chief Financial Officer 





Mr. Brewer, as Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for sourcing and managing the firm’s financing activities, as well as managing the financial control operations of the firm, which includes accounting, client service, corporate financing, cash management, reporting and tax services.  Mr. Brewer has fourteen years of real estate experience working for a publicly traded real estate investment trust and involved in the execution of over $2.0 billion of capital market transactions.
Prior to Centennial, Mr. Brewer was Executive Vice President – Finance and Investor Relations for Colonial Properties Trust, a multifamily focused real estate investment trust with over 35,000 apartment homes located throughout the Sunbelt region of the United States.  Mr. Brewer was responsible for all corporate finance and investor relations activities for the company.
Mr. Brewer is a Certified Public Accountant and received his Bachelor of Science in Accounting from Auburn University and has a Master’s in Business Administration from the University of Alabama at Birmingham.  Mr. Brewer is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the Alabama State Board of Public Accountancy and the Auburn University School of Accountancy Advisory Council.  
 









 





 


























Contact Us | Centennial Holding Company



























Skip to main content









Centennial Holding Company


















                  Contact Us                






We would like to hear from you.
Please use this contact form to let us know how we can best serve your needs and answer any questions you have about Centennial Holding Company, LLC.
 Centennial Holding Company, LLC3348 Peachtree Road NESuite 1000Atlanta, GA 30326
info@centennialholdingco.com

Name *



Email *



Phone Number 



Message *








 

 
























W. Porter Payne, Jr. | Centennial Holding Company

























Skip to main content









Centennial Holding Company


















                  W. Porter Payne, Jr.                










President & Chief Executive Officer 





Mr. Payne is a founding member of Centennial Holding Company, LLC and is responsible for strategic direction and overall leadership of the company. As Centennial's President & CEO, he oversees all operational and business functions.
Prior to Centennial, Payne held numerous executive positions with WebMD Corporation. As one of the first five employees, he was a pivotal contributor in the growth of the company to more than 9,000 employees with annual revenues in excess of $1 billion. He was instrumental in WebMD raising over $3 billion in private equity and making more than thirty acquisitions.
Payne attended the University of Georgia where he majored in International Business, and throughout his career has been the recipient of numerous business and community awards and distinctions. He and his wife, Michelle, have six children.
Back to Our Team ›
 









 





 
























About Us | Centennial Holding Company



























Skip to main content









Centennial Holding Company


















                  About Us                










Centennial Holding Company has provided consistently superior investor returns.
We do it through a proven strategy focused on capital preservation and steady, sustainable growth. Leveraging the deep relationships and “reputation capital” forged by our team in the multifamily industry over the years, we attribute our success to three simple factors:
 















  



  



  



  



  



  








1 





2 





3 





4 





5 





6 






 









Conservative Acquisition Strategy
We take a methodical approach to sourcing low-risk, Class A assets in high-growth areas of the Southeast, Southwest and Mid-Atlantic, from the Florida shores to Washington D.C. to the stretches of central Texas.
Our typical transaction involves contemporary, upscale communities (garden and mid-rise) with more than 125 units, located in growth areas near employment, entertainment and recreation destinations.
While there is no limitation on transaction size, single-asset purchases traditionally range from $10-50 million with a 4-7 year ownership period.
Capitalization rates, IRR requirements and other financial considerations vary depending on real estate and capital market conditions, product type and location, perceived risk and portfolio objectives.
 





Property Management during Acquisitions
Unlike many of our competitors, Centennial is closely aligned with a property management partner. This partnership gives us an advantage during property acquisition and enables fluid communication into the management process.
First Communities Management Inc. is one of the premier property management companies in the nation, managing a portfolio of more than 32,000 units in nearly 100 communities.
As a third-party manager, First Communities can provide Centennial with real time data in both current and potential acquisition markets.
First Communities’ years of experience in Centennial’s target markets and a deep understanding of submarket drivers help spur rent growth, improve occupancy and maintain operating-expense efficiencies.
 





Disciplined Asset Management
Investment discipline has been a hallmark of Centennial since its inception. Our asset management services include:
Cash management and thorough financial reporting
Preparation and administration of property tax returns
Oversight of capital improvement projects
Negotiation and supervision of all service contracts
Preparation and review of all operating and capital budgets
Property tax servicing and management
Insurance placement and claim administration
Pricing oversight for unit renewals
Online marketing implementation and management
 





 
























Our Team | Centennial Holding Company

























Skip to main content









Centennial Holding Company


















                  Our Team                










The industry relationships forged by our principals provide a full spectrum of opportunities throughout the public and private markets with developers, principals, mortgage originators, capital sources and brokers. From acquisition and disposition to operations and management, Centennial’s executive team operates as one unit to maximize investor capital.
 








  
 William P. "Billy" Payne 
 Chairman 
 Best known for his role as Chief Executive Officer of the Atlanta Committee for the 1996 Olympic Games, Payne is a founding member and Chairman of Centennial Holding Company, LLC. Under Mr. Payne’s tenure, Centennial’s portfolio has grown to over 10,000 units, 35 communities and more than $1 billion in asset value.
  

  
 W. Porter Payne, Jr. 
 President & Chief Executive Officer 
 As President and CEO of Centennial Holding Company, LLC, Payne oversees all operational and business functions and is responsible for strategic direction and overall leadership of the company. He brings a range of experience after serving in numerous executive leadership roles for WebMD Corporation, playing a pivotal role in the growth of the company’s private equity, acquisitions and annual revenues topping $1 billion.
  

  
 Robert L. Johnston 
 Executive Vice President of Property Management 
 Johnston operates on both sides of the property acquisition table, serving as Executive Vice President of Property Management as well as CEO of First Communities, LLC, the property management arm of Centennial. He remains integrally involved in all aspects of property management, providing strategic asset-level oversight and budgeting guidance.
  

  
 Andrew H. Trotter, III 
 Chief Investment Officer 
 Since joining Centennial in 2007, Trotter has initiated more than $1 billion in transaction volume as Chief Investment Officer, responsible for all aspects of asset acquisition, due diligence and disposition functions. He comes to Centennial after a nine-year tenure at Archstone-Smith as Vice President of Acquisitions and Dispositions.
  

  
 C. Read Morton 
 Executive Vice President of Business Development 
 Morton leads Centennial’s business development efforts, investor relations and all legal responsibilities as Executive Vice President of Business Development. In his 35 years practicing law, Morton earned significant experience in real estate and middle market private company transactions. He currently serves on the Board of Trustees for the University of Georgia Real Estate Foundation.
  

  
 Doug B. Bowles 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 Immediately prior to joining Centennial, Bowles served as Vice President of Administration at Reynolds Plantation in Greensboro, Ga. Additionally, Bowles was an early participant in the efforts to secure the 1996 Olympic Games for Atlanta alongside Chairman Payne. He now serves Centennial as Chief Operating Officer and is responsible for all levels of company operations including budgeting and human resources.
  

  
 Jerry Brewer 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Mr. Brewer, as Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for sourcing and managing the firm’s financing activities, as well as managing the financial control operations of the firm, which includes accounting, client service, corporate financing, cash management, reporting and tax services.  Mr. Brewer has fourteen years of real estate experience working for a publicly traded real estate investment trust and involved in the execution of over $2.0 billion of capital market transactions.
  

  
 Jeffrey P. Jerden 
 Senior Vice President 
 As Senior Vice President, Mr. Jerden heads up the firm’s asset management function, maintaining oversight of portfolio performance as well as the development of value-add programs and other strategic initiatives.
  

 





 
























Centennial Holding Company |



























Skip to main content









Centennial Holding Company


















                  Welcome to Cenntenial Holding Company                

















   

   

   

   

   

   





 





Centennial Holding Company, LLC, is a privately held real estate investment firm that acquires, manages and sells Class A multifamily properties. Established in Atlanta in 2004, our management and investment teams boast more than 100 years of combined experience in real estate and have consistently delivered superior returns for our investors. Read more ›
 





 
























About Us | Centennial Holding Company



























Skip to main content









Centennial Holding Company


















                  About Us                










Centennial Holding Company has provided consistently superior investor returns.
We do it through a proven strategy focused on capital preservation and steady, sustainable growth. Leveraging the deep relationships and “reputation capital” forged by our team in the multifamily industry over the years, we attribute our success to three simple factors:
 















  



  



  



  



  



  








1 





2 





3 





4 





5 





6 






 









Conservative Acquisition Strategy
We take a methodical approach to sourcing low-risk, Class A assets in high-growth areas of the Southeast, Southwest and Mid-Atlantic, from the Florida shores to Washington D.C. to the stretches of central Texas.
Our typical transaction involves contemporary, upscale communities (garden and mid-rise) with more than 125 units, located in growth areas near employment, entertainment and recreation destinations.
While there is no limitation on transaction size, single-asset purchases traditionally range from $10-50 million with a 4-7 year ownership period.
Capitalization rates, IRR requirements and other financial considerations vary depending on real estate and capital market conditions, product type and location, perceived risk and portfolio objectives.
 





Property Management during Acquisitions
Unlike many of our competitors, Centennial is closely aligned with a property management partner. This partnership gives us an advantage during property acquisition and enables fluid communication into the management process.
First Communities Management Inc. is one of the premier property management companies in the nation, managing a portfolio of more than 32,000 units in nearly 100 communities.
As a third-party manager, First Communities can provide Centennial with real time data in both current and potential acquisition markets.
First Communities’ years of experience in Centennial’s target markets and a deep understanding of submarket drivers help spur rent growth, improve occupancy and maintain operating-expense efficiencies.
 





Disciplined Asset Management
Investment discipline has been a hallmark of Centennial since its inception. Our asset management services include:
Cash management and thorough financial reporting
Preparation and administration of property tax returns
Oversight of capital improvement projects
Negotiation and supervision of all service contracts
Preparation and review of all operating and capital budgets
Property tax servicing and management
Insurance placement and claim administration
Pricing oversight for unit renewals
Online marketing implementation and management
 





 



















Investment in Centennial Resource Development  LLC | Riverstone Energy Limited































 
 Riverstone Energy Limited Cookie Policy
                    Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. By continuing to use our site you agree to our use of cookies.
                    Find out more.
                











































Home


                                            About
                                        



                                            The Board
                                        



                                            Portfolio
                                        



                                            News & Media
                                        



                                            Investors
                                        



                                            Contact
                                        












Press release











RNS Number : 4834D Riverstone Energy Limited 07 July 2016  

- THIS ANNOUNCEMENT INCLUDES INSIDE INFORMATION -
7 July 2016
RIVERSTONE ENERGY LIMITED
("REL" and the "Company")
 
REL announces investment in Centennial Resource Development LLC
Riverstone Energy Limited ("REL") has signed an agreement alongside other funds affiliated with Riverstone Holdings, LLC ("Riverstone") to acquire a majority stake in Centennial Resource Development LLC ("Centennial") from NGP Energy Capital and certain other related coinvestment funds. 
Centennial is an exploration and production company focused on the acquisition and development of oil and liquids-rich natural gas resources in the Permian Delaware Basin, West Texas.
The investment by REL is expected to comprise up to US$175 million depending upon approval for the transaction by the other Riverstone affiliated funds.
Closing of the transaction is expected to occur in late September 2016.
 
About Riverstone Holdings LLC:
Riverstone is an energy and power-focused private investment firm founded in 2000 by David M. Leuschen and Pierre F. Lapeyre, Jr. with $34 billion of equity capital raised. Riverstone conducts buyout and growth capital investments in the exploration & production, midstream, oilfield services, power, and renewable sectors of the energy industry.  With offices in New York, London, Houston, and Mexico City, Riverstone has committed approximately $30 billion to over 120 investments in North America, Latin America, Europe, Africa, and Asia. Visit www.riverstonellc.com for more information.
About Riverstone Energy Limited:
REL is a closed-ended investment company that invests exclusively in the global energy industry, with a particular focus on the exploration & production and midstream sectors. REL aims to capitalise on the opportunities presented by Riverstone's energy investment platform.  REL is a member of the FTSE 250 and its ordinary shares are listed on the London Stock Exchange, trading under the symbol RSE.  To date, REL has made 16 investments spanning conventional and unconventional oil and gas activities in the Gulf of Mexico, Continental U.S., Western Canada, the U.K. North Sea, the Norwegian Sea, Mexico and credit.
 
For further details, see www.RiverstoneREL.com
Neither the contents of Riverstone Energy Limited's website nor the contents of any website accessible from hyperlinks on the websites (or any other website) is incorporated into, or forms part of, this announcement.
 
Media Contacts:
Riverstone Energy Limited:
Alfredo Marti
Brian Potskowski
+44 203 206 6300
 
Brunswick:
Robin Wrench
Rowan Brown
+44 207 404 5959

This information is provided by RNSThe company news service from the London Stock Exchange   END  MSCRFMTTMBBMTTF
    
    

           
    				    	
    





 











Disclaimer
Terms & Conditions
Privacy & Cookies
Sitemap




© Riverstone Energy Limited 2016





















Our Portfolio | Centennial Holding Company



























Skip to main content









Centennial Holding Company


















                  Our Portfolio                










Centennial’s property assets are operated under the Century brand.
We benefit from the strong brand recognition Century has built over the years. Our apartment communities offer a convenient living experience in locations near centers of employment, shopping, transportation and entertainment in thriving areas of the Southeast, Southwest and Mid-Atlantic. Focused on superior resident service, Century’s modern homes offer a range of on-site amenities and a fresh, contemporary living environment.
Visit the Century Apartment Homes website ›
 





 

















 







Our Locations



 Atlanta, GA 
   

 Austin, TX 
   

 Charlotte, NC 
   

 Dallas, TX 
   

 Fort Mill, SC 
   

 Fort Worth, TX 
   

 Frederick, MD 
   

 Houston, TX 
   

 Mount Juliet, TN 
   

 Orlando , FL 
   

 Raleigh-Durham, NC 
   

 Savannah, GA 
   

 Tampa, FL 
   

 Washington, D.C. 
   

 





 
























REL US CENTENNIAL HOLDINGS, LLC Insider Insider Trades - NASDAQ.com



























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Quotes > 
    Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Individual Insiders






Insider Trades of REL US CENTENNIAL HOLDINGS, LLC





Click on the column header to resort ascending (▲) or descending (▼).



Individual Insider Trades



Company


Relation


Last Date ▼


Type


Tran


OwnerType


Shares Traded


Last Price


Shares Held



CENTENNIAL RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT, INC.
Beneficial Owner (10%)
06/19/2017
Form 4
Disposition (Non Open Market)
indirect
1,815,988
0
121,142,602


CENTENNIAL RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT, INC.
Beneficial Owner (10%)
12/28/2016
Form 4
Acquisition (Non Open Market)
indirect
3,473,590
14.54
104,858,590















Highest Rated Articles of Last Week



Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results
Spectranetics Announces FDA Approval of Stellarex™ Drug-Coated Balloon





View All Highest Rated































Most Rated Stocks of Last Week
Rated stocks for NASDAQ, NYSE and AMEX

Symbol  /  Ratings Consensus

AAPL

86% bullish
                    of
                    2911
                    ratings
Rate It


FB

76% bullish
                    of
                    1327
                    ratings
Rate It


MSFT

84% bullish
                    of
                    649
                    ratings
Rate It


TSLA

78% bullish
                    of
                    587
                    ratings
Rate It


NVDA

82% bullish
                    of
                    131
                    ratings
Rate It


GOOG

91% bullish
                    of
                    128
                    ratings
Rate It


JPM

70% bullish
                    of
                    88
                    ratings
Rate It


GM

68% bullish
                    of
                    80
                    ratings
Rate It


BAC

75% bullish
                    of
                    474
                    ratings
Rate It


INTC

83% bullish
                    of
                    266
                    ratings
Rate It


More Most Rated Stocks



























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX






































 SECGems: REL US Centennial Holdings, LLC 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 REL US Centennial Holdings, LLC 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
4













	 
	
	 C/O RIVERSTONE HOLDINGS
	 
	  712 FIFTH AVENUE, 36TH FLOOR
	
	   NEW YORK, 
	   NY, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	   (212) 993-0076    
	    

						        









Filing DateCurrent and former namesChanged on date




2016-12-27REL US Centennial Holdings, LLC








Central Index Key (CIK)
0001692660
State of Incorporation
E9
Country of Incorporation
CAYMAN ISLANDS
Fiscal year end
1231










Ownership (Form 3,4,5)# Filings





 REL IP General Partner LP (0001692835) 


4




 REL IP General Partner Ltd (0001692862) 


4




 RIVERSTONE HOLDINGS LLC (0001247497) 


3




 Riverstone Energy Ltd Investment Holdings LP (0001693264) 


4




 Riverstone Holdings II Cayman Ltd (0001693263) 


4




 Riverstone VI Centennial QB Holdings LP (0001692648) 


4




 Silver Run Sponsor LLC (0001665629) 


3




 Silver Run Sponsor Manager LLC (0001667431) 


3











All related persons/companies# Filings





 Centennial Resource Development, Inc. (0001658566) 


4




 REL IP General Partner LP (0001692835) 


4




 REL IP General Partner Ltd (0001692862) 


4




 RIVERSTONE HOLDINGS LLC (0001247497) 


3




 Riverstone Energy Ltd Investment Holdings, LP (0001693264) 


4




 Riverstone Holdings II (Cayman) Ltd. (0001693263) 


4




 Riverstone VI Centennial QB Holdings, L.P. (0001692648) 


4




 Silver Run Acquisition Corp


4




 Silver Run Sponsor Manager, LLC (0001667431) 


3




 Silver Run Sponsor, LLC (0001665629) 


3







 








db
 
 








































