

 QuickCorps.Com | Form an LLC or incorporate for business online today
































Incorporate Now















Launch Your Business 
With Speed And Value


Packages starting at $39 plus state filing fees.
Free 1st Year Registered Agent. 
All orders include free shipping.

Get Started











Start Your Business In 3 Easy Steps






1


Select a Package
We provide a side by side comparison of each of our packages. Select the package that is most suitable to your business needs.






2


Complete Order Form
Provide information about your company based on the selected state of incorporation.






3


Receive Your Documents
We do the work for you to draft your articles and work with the state to file your company. Upon completion we will mail your filed company formation documents to the address you provide.






What's included in each package?
See Plans & Pricing









How Does it Work

Once your order is placed we will begin processing the formation of your company. If additional information is required we will contact you for the necessary information. We handle your formation from beginning to end and make sure that your formation is filed quickly and correctly.





Review  Order Details

Every new order is reviewed for accuracy and conformity to state filing guidelines.



Name  Availability Search

A thorough name search is conducted with the state to ascertain the availability of the company name.



Prepare  and File Documents

Articles of Incorporation / Organization are prepared and delivered to the governing state agency.



Deliver  Filed Documents

The filed articles along with any additional services are mailed to the client.












Get a Quick Quote







Select Entity Type
LLC
S-Corporation
C-Corporation
Nonprofit






Select State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington DC
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming








Get Started Now














How can we help you?



Client Support 





Name *



Email Address *



Phone Number *



Message *





Send Message



Thanks for your message! We'll get back to you as soon as we can.

Send Other










	RELODE Trademark of Relode, LLC. Serial Number: 86351200 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
RELODE










 
Get FREE email alerts













RELODE  Trademark Information
 Relode, LLC
Providing on-line interactive employment counseling and recruitment services




Perfect for these industries

Advertising,  Business & Retail Services





Words that describe this mark
providing   online   interactive   employment   counseling   recruitment   services    
                                    




This is a brand page for the RELODE trademark by Relode, LLC 
                                in Brentwood, TN, 37027.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this RELODE trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Relode, LLC of the RELODE trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the RELODE trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, July 29, 2014,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        RELODE by 
                        Relode, LLC, Brentwood, TN  37027.
                        The USPTO has given the RELODE 
                        trademark serial  number of  86351200.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for RELODE is 
                        
                        
                                            PAUL W. KRUSE of 
                                            BONE MCALLESTER NORTON PLLC,  511 UNION ST STE 1600, NASHVILLE, TN 37219-1780 
                                .
                            The RELODE trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for RELODE 
                            is Providing on-line interactive employment counseling and recruitment services. 
                            





Word mark:
 RELODE


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

3/10/2015



  Serial Number:  
86351200


  Filing Date:  
7/29/2014


 Registration Number:  
4699478 


 Registration Date:  
3/10/2015


 Goods and Services: 
Providing on-line interactive employment counseling and recruitment services


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
12/23/2014


Last Applicant/Owner:

Relode, LLCBrentwood, TN  37027
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


PAUL W. KRUSE
BONE MCALLESTER NORTON PLLC
511 UNION ST STE 1600
NASHVILLE, TN 37219-1780






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (035) - Advertising; business management; business administration; office functions. 


First Use Anywhere: 
11/1/2013


First Use In Commerce: 
11/1/2013





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your RELODE trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

3/10/2015
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



PAUL W. KRUSE


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of RELODE trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search relode on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for RELODE 




RELODE is providing Providing on-line interactive employment counseling and recruitment services.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















































Log in | Relode























Log in









 
 Log in with Facebook
 Log in with LinkedIn


            Log in with
                Facebook
                     or 
                LinkedIn

 


or





Email 






Password  
 



    
        Remember me for 30 days
    




Forgot password?




                            Log in
                        
 




                        Don't have an account?
                    

Sign up now





















Agent Stories | Empowering Careers in Healthcare












































































Join the community.We've helped a lot of people find great jobs, but don't take our word for it.














Marty Earned $70,000k a year working from home.Join Marty










Amy Made $8,000 in a single month, doing what she already loves.Join Amy








Peter He and his best friend nailed their dream jobs, together.Join Peter
 









Hunter Knew of a friend moving to town needing a job.Join Hunter



































Relode | About Our Company | Empowering Careers in Healthcare














































































Welcome to Relode.A healthcare job marketplace where professionals find, refer, and apply for great jobs in the United States... and get paid for doing it. 






The Relode StoryWhat Makes Relode So Different?Healthcare employers spend $23 Billion a year on recruiting services and are hungry for innovative alternatives. At the same time, nurses, clinicians, and other healthcare professionals are overworked, underpaid, and looking for new ways to increase their earning potentials. Relode is an online community marketplace that allows healthcare employers to save money on recruiting costs by paying healthcare professionals for candidate referrals.Why does Relode work?We understand the difficulties facing both healthcare employers and healthcare professionals - we've helped healthcare employers save hundreds of thousands of dollars on recruiting costs, and thousands of healthcare professionals use Relode to make money referring friends and colleagues for jobs.Why does Relode help?Healthcare employers who use Relode save an average of 50% on recruiting costs and no longer face staffing shortages, resulting in better patient care. Healthcare professionals who use Relode as Agents make money  while participating in the solution, helping friends and colleagues find great jobs. 

Become an Agent
How did it start?In 2005 Matt Tant (Relode Co-Founder & CEO) was in his second week as a new recruiter. A Fortune 100 company had paid his staffing firm a $144,000 retainer to recruit an executive-level financial candidate. He quickly found the winning candidate by offering a referral reward to his college alumni network. While financially rewarding for Matt and his company, Matt realized how broken the recruiting and staffing industry was.Four years later, Matt was selling IT services to a technology group led by Joe Christopher (Relode Co-Founder & CTO). They struck up a friendship and realized they shared a belief that something needed to be done about the expensive and innefficient recruiting process. Finally, in the summer of 2014 they decided to launch a software company to solve this problem. Relode (Research.Locate.Deliver) was formed.





































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.









Brand | Empowering Careers in Healthcare







































































OUR PRODUCTRelode’s platform allows healthcare employers to crowdsource candidate referrals from a community of healthcare professionals through an online marketplace! Healthcare employers have a new option for solving staffing shortages so they can focus on what matters most: excellent patient care. OUR COMPANYOur faith drives us to serve one another - valuing each individual and their contributions. Through the extension of this service, we give our customers an exceptional, personalized experience. We celebrate both individual and team accomplishments, recognizing creativity, leadership and outcome. At the same time, we strive to continually improve through failure, reflection, collaboration and learning. Finally, we commit to share a portion of our profits with organizations committed to helping others.BRAND AssetsBelow are two versions of our logo. Use the format that best fits the colors you're working with. The left logo goes on white or light background and the right logo goes on anything dark. Please do not manipulate the logo in any way.
PNG EPS
PNG EPS #5E499D#333333#23CFB9
Heading 1 - Proxima Nova Light / 42px / #555555Heading 2 - Proxima Nova Light / 24px / #555555Heading 3 - Proxima Nova Semibold / 15px / #423271Body Text - Roboto / 16px / #555555































Relode | Contact | Empowering Careers in Healthcare













































































Contact UsQuestions, press inquiries, ideas, or just want to chat? Get hold of us through any of the channels below.

@RelodeHealth


hello@relode.com


(844) 773-5633
 





Name *
Name


                  First Name



                  Last Name



Email Address *



Subject *



Message *









Thank you!




































Relode Agent FAQ | Empowering Careers in Healthcare
















































































Frequently Asked Questions








 What is a Relode Agent?Relode agents are friends, colleagues, and professionals. They are stay at home parents, highly connected individuals, recruiters, and clinicians. They are the community looking out for each other, and helping each other do what they love to do. What are the benefits of becoming an agent?1. Earn extra income when someone you refer is hired.2. Earn extra income when a Relode agent you invited refers someone who is hired.3. Take pleasure in connecting great people to great jobs without the traditional runaround.4. Work when you want, where you want.  You are in control of your schedule and location. How do agents find out about jobs?There are three ways agents can find out about jobs to refer candidates from their network:1. Configure your agent profile is active to receive weekly emails of referral opportunities.  Remember to configure your agent settings to include all positions and locations from your network.2. Configure your agent profile to receive immediate emails when matching referral opportunities are identified.  Any time a new job order is added to the system, we’ll immediately notify those agents whose settings match the job.3. Once logged in to your account at go.relode.com, you can go to the Jobs section, browse all jobs from our web site, and click on a job to refer a candidate anytime. How do agents get paid?Agents are paid via direct deposit.  Once an agent has earned a reward with Relode, we’ll send information to the agent for registering with our payroll service.  All agents are treated as independent contractors. When do agents get paid?Agents are paid according to the specific details of their recruiting contract and Relode’s recruiting policy.  Usually, this means after Relode receives payment from the client, agents will receive 50% of their reward on day 31 of employment for their candidate who was hired and the remaining 50% reward on day 61.  The same schedule also applies to sponsor rewards when someone you invite joins Relode and refers a candidate who is hired. What if I just want to connect others to jobs and not be paid?No problem.  We understand certain teaching, advising, or occupations are unable to accept rewards for connecting their networks to great jobs.  In those cases, Relode will work with the agent to donate their reward to a local non-profit on their behalf.  No conflict for you, a great candidate finds a great job, and a local non-profit is helped.  Win-win-win! Are there other ways agents get paid?Yes!  You can invite members of your network to become Relode agents and earn rewards when their candidates are hired.  Think of it as passive income.  Look for the “Invite others” button in emails or under the Agents area of the web site. Do I need to be a recruiter to be successful?Not at all!  Some agents are motivated and interested in actively searching for candidates while others rely on normal interactions with their network to reveal opportunities for connecting candidates to jobs. Is this a conflict with my current job?Relode relies on you to review all employment agreements to ensure you are compliant with them.  If you are unsure, please consult your own legal counsel. How do I find candidates if I become a Relode agent?Tap into your own personal, professional, and community networks to find candidates. Do I have to screen the candidates I submit?Absolutely!  The goal of Relode is to connect a great candidate with a job opportunity that they interests them.  You best know their interests and how the job is a match for them.  Don’t worry! We’ll handle the heavy lifting of communication, coordination, and scheduling once you connect us to your screened candidate. Will I be paid if my candidate is hired for a different job?Yes!  You are attributed as the source of your screened candidate forever in Relode’s system.  If we find another job that is a good fit for your candidate, we will reach out to you at that time. How do I submit a candidate for a job?There are three ways to submit a candidate:1. If you receive our weekly email with referral opportunities, just click on a job and complete the referral form.2. Once logged in to your account, you can go to the Jobs section, browse all jobs from our web site, and click on a job to refer a candidate.3. Once logged in to your account, to add another candidate to a job, you can go to the Candidates section, press +Candidate, and type the name of the job along with candidate information.Agents will interact primarily with their assigned Relode Account Executive (AE). The AE is a Relode employee who is responsible for the job and ensures everything runs smoothly for all parties involved. Can I submit multiple candidates for a job?Sure!  If multiple candidates in your network are qualified and interested, please submit them.  We are regularly getting job orders from clients with multiple openings. How will I know if my candidate is hired?There are a couple of ways that we keep you updated on your candidates:1. Whenever something happens related to your candidates, you’ll receive a Daily Recap email highlighting the job and action.  You can click the links in the email to quickly access information at go.relode.com.2. Once logged in to your account at go.relode.com, you can go to the Candidates section to see all candidates you’ve submitted.  Each candidate’s tile will include their current status in the jobs they are being considered for.3. Relode’s Account Executive assigned to your candidate’s job will notify you when your candidate is hired.  Let the celebration begin! What if I want to apply for a job?Go for it!  Our client chose Relode to find great candidates.  Sometimes, the shoe just fits! What if I have questions?We’ve got you covered!If your questions are general in nature, contact us via phone at 844.773.5633, email us at hello@relode.com, or chat with us once logged in at go.relode.com.If your question is regarding a specific job, you can send a message through the system to the Relode-assigned Account Executive. Just go to the job’s details page and click the “Send message/feedback” link. 







Ready to become an agent?
 Get startedTalk to us 


































Relode | Healthcare Job Marketplace & Referral Platform



















































































A referral community that connects the best healthcare professionals to the best jobs.BECOME AN AGENT

































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Relode | Healthcare Job Marketplace & Referral Platform



















































































A referral community that connects the best healthcare professionals to the best jobs.BECOME AN AGENT



































BBB Business Profile | Relode, LLC | Accreditation


































Home
 > 
Accredited Business Directory
 > 
Employment Agencies
 > 
Relode, LLC














BBB Accredited Business Profile






Relode, LLC



Request a Quote

































Relode, LLC






            Business Information
        






(615) 729-9102

Relode, LLC
5 years in business

        7000 Executive Center Dr STE 190 Bldg 2
        Brentwood, TN 37027-5388
    




                 WEBSITE
            





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 12/19/2014
            

                Business Started: 08/23/2011


                Business Incorporated: 08/23/2011 in TN





            Type of Entity
             
            Limited Liability Company       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Mr. Matthew Tant, Owner
                






            Business Category
        


                Employment Agencies
            




                            Business Consultants
                        

                            Employment Counseling
                        

                            Computer Business Services
                        

                            Staffing - Technical
                        

                            Employment Service
                        

                            Employment Training
                        

                            Business Processing Optimization
                        

                            Job Listing & Advisory Services
                        

                            Business Services - General
                        

                            Information Technology Services
                        




See More Business Categories
See Less Business Categories









            Alternate Business Names
        


                    Relode Tools, LLC
                




 







BBB Accreditation





                BBB Accredited Since 12/31/2014
            

                BBB has determined that Relode, LLC meets Standards of BBB Accreditation, which include a commitment to make a good faith effort to resolve any consumer complaints. BBB Accredited Businesses pay a fee for accreditation review/monitoring and for support of BBB services to the public.
            

                BBB accreditation does not mean that the business's products or services have been evaluated or endorsed by BBB, or that BBB has made a determination as to the business's product quality or competency in performing services.
            








Standards of BBB Accreditation






Build Trust









            Establish and maintain a positive track record in the marketplace.
        

           An accredited business or organization agrees to:

                   1. Have been operational (actively selling products or services) in any BBB service area for at least the most recent 6 months, unless the principle(s) previously operated a similar business with an eligible record (one that qualifies for BBB accreditation).
                

                   1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached.
                

                   3. Be free from government action that demonstrates a significant failure to support BBB ethical principles in marketplace transactions (this requires a determination by BBB as to the nature of any violation, whether it was caused or condoned by management, and actions taken to resolve underlying issues that led to the government action).
                
4. Be free of an unsatisfactory rating and maintain at least a B rating at the accrediting BBB and the BBB where it is headquartered, if different.

                   5. In its relationship with BBB: 
1. meet all applicable standards within this Code of Business Practices

                            2. cooperate with BBB's activities and efforts to promote voluntary self- regulation within the business' industry
                        
3. honor any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process

                            4. complete the required application and pay all monetary obligations to BBB in a timely manner
                        









Advertise Honestly









            Adhere to established standards of advertising and selling.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Follow federal, state/provincial and local advertising laws.
                

                    2. Abide by the BBB Code of Advertising. Supply, upon request, substantiation for advertising and selling claims. Correct advertising and selling practices, when recommended by BBB.
                
3. Adhere to applicable BBB industry codes of advertising.
4. Cooperate with BBB self-regulatory programs for the resolution of advertising disputes.
5. Use the BBB name and logos in accordance with BBB policy.

                    6. Avoid misleading customers by creating the false impression of sponsorship, endorsement, popularity, trustworthiness, product quality or business size through the misuse of logos, trustmarks, pictures, testimonials, or other means
                







Tell the Truth









            Honestly represent products and services, including clear and adequate disclosures of all material terms.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Make known all material facts in both written and verbal representations, remembering that misrepresentation may result not only from direct statements but by omitting or obscuring relevant facts.
                

                    2. Ensure that any written materials are readily available, clear, accurate and complete.
                







Be Transparent









            Openly identify the nature, location, and ownership of the business, and clearly disclose all policies, guarantees and procedures that bear on a customer's decision to buy.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Upon request, provide BBB with all information required to evaluate compliance with BBB standards. This may include, but is not limited to business name, address and contact information; names and background of principles; business and banking references; licensing and/or professional accreditation; and a complete description of the nature of the business.
                

                    2. Clearly disclose to customers:

                    
1. direct and effective means to contact the business
2. terms of any written contract
3. any guarantees or warranties accompanying a product

                            4. any restrictions or limitations imposed (e.g. limited supply,maximum number available per customer)
                        
5. the business' return/refund policy

                            6. any recurring commitment into which the customer may be entering, including information on how future billing will occur
                        
7. total cost of the transaction, including tax, shipping and handling, and other related charges



                    3. If selling products or providing services on Web sites or via other electronic means: 
1. provide any required product labeling information

                            2. disclose the nature and terms of shipping, including any known delays or shortages of stock
                        
3. provide an opportunity to review and confirm the transaction before the sale is completed

                            4. provide a receipt summarizing the transaction after the purchase
                        









Honor Promises









            Abide by all written agreements and verbal representations.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 
1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached. 2. Honor representations by correcting mistakes as quickly as possible.







Be Responsive









            Address marketplace disputes quickly, professionally, and in good faith.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Promptly respond to all complaints forwarded by BBB by: 
1. Resolving the complaint directly with the complainant and notifying BBB, or

                            2. Providing BBB with a response that BBB determines: 

                                    1. is professional,
                                
2. addresses all of the issues raised by the complainant,
3. includes appropriate evidence and documents supporting the business' position, and

                                    4. explains why any relief sought by the complainant cannot or should not be granted.
                                





                    2. Make a good faith effort to resolve disputes, which includes mediation if requested by BBB. Other dispute resolution options, including arbitration, may be recommended by BBB when other efforts to resolve a dispute have failed. BBB may consider a business' willingness to participate in recommended dispute resolution options in determining compliance with these standards.
                

                    3. Comply with any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process.
                

                    4. Cooperate with BBB in efforts to eliminate the underlying cause of patterns of customer complaints that are identified by BBB.
                







Safeguard Privacy









            Protect any data collected against mishandling and fraud, collect personal information only as needed, and respect the preferences of customers regarding the use of their information.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Respect Privacy Businesses conducting e-commerce agree to disclose on their Web site the following: 
1. what information they collect,
2. with whom it is shared,
3. how it can be corrected,
4. how it is secured,

                            5. how policy changes will be communicated, and;
                        
6. how to address concerns over misuse of personal data.



                    2. Secure Sensitive Data Businesses that collect sensitive data online (credit card, bank account numbers, Social Security number, salary or other personal financial information, medical history or records, etc.) will ensure that it is transmitted via secure means.Businesses will make best efforts to comply with industry standards for the protection and proper disposal of all sensitive data, both online and offline.
                    
                

                    3. Honor Customer Preferences

                     Businesses agree to respect customer preferences regarding contact by telephone, fax and e-mail, and agree to remedy the underlying cause of any failure to do so.
                







Embody Integrity









            Approach all business dealings, marketplace transactions and commitments with integrity.
            
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to:
            
1. Avoid involvement, by the business or its principles, in activities that reflect unfavorably on, or otherwise adversely affect the public image of BBB or its accredited businesses.












BBB Accreditation Reviews

BBB routinely monitors its files on all Accredited Businesses to affirm that they continue to meet all BBB Accreditation Standards











BBB Accreditation Process


        Not every business is eligible for BBB Accreditation. Businesses must meet, commit to and maintain the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards) 
        in order to be eligible for and maintain BBB Accreditation. The BBB Code of Business Practices represents sound advertising, selling and customer
        service practices that enhance customer trust and confidence in business. The Code is built on the BBB Standards for Trust, eight principles that
        summarize important elements of creating and maintaining trust in business.
    

        In order to be eligible for Accreditation a business must complete an Accreditation application.        
    

        Upon receipt of a fully completed BBB Application for Accreditation, BBB staff:        
        
Reviews the application
Researches the business
Verifies the information presented in the application 
May request additional information
May request proof of specific information on the application

        After the review and verification process, BBB will then evaluate if the business meets the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards)..
    
    
        Once BBB has finished its evaluation, the application for BBB Accreditation is either approved or denied. If the applicant is found in compliance with the BBB Code of Business Practices it will be presented to the BBB Board of Directors, or a committee of that board, for final approval. If the application is denied, BBB will contact the applicant, indicating the BBB Standard(s) that were not met and any recourse available to the applicant.        
    
















Relode, LLC






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        












 




                Relode, LLC
            
BBB ACCREDITATION SINCE 12/31/2014










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    



                        This business has no complaints filed
                    












        Request a Quote
    






Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print









































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 




















 













Matthew Tant - President at Relode LLC



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Matthew Tant
President at Relode LLC



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Transactions 


Matthew Tant
President at Relode LLC



 Overview



Notable Companies


Relode LLC

HCTec Partners LLC




Board Seats



2





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 41 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Nashville Business Journal
March 3, 2015





                        Brentwood founders of an Uber for recruiters plot their next step                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Joe Christopher

Co-Founder at Relode LLC




William Bartholomew

Chief Executive Officer at HCTec Partners LLC





Steve Schott

Chief Operating Officer at HCTec Partners LLC




Theo Horrocks

Senior Director, HIT at HCTec Partners LLC





Teresa Carter

Senior Director, HIM at HCTec Partners LLC




Aaron Baker

Senior Director at HCTec Partners LLC





David Bartholomew

Chief Executive Officer at AMPCI Macquarie Infrastructure Management




Laura Cottingham

Chief Financial Officer at HCTec Partners LLC





Lance Fusacchia

Chief Financial Officer at My Health Direct, Inc.




Kirk Heath

Director, EPIC Practice at HCTec Partners LLC







See 31 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 31 More 


 


 Paths to Matthew Tant



            Matthew Tant          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Matthew Tant






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Matthew Tant.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


Vanderbilt University

                  and Form 990, Part III, Line 1, Description of Organization Mission:Vanderbilt University is a center for scholarly research, informed and creative teaching, and service to the community and society at large. Vanderbilt will uphold the highest standards and be a leader in the quest for new knowledge through scholarship, dissemination of knowledge through teaching and outreach, and creative experimentation of ideas and concepts. In pursuit of these goals, Vanderbilt values most highly the intellectual freedom that supports open inquiry and equality, compassion and excellence in all endeavors.                





 Career History



President

                                    Current                


Relode LLC






Chief Executive Officer

                                    2010 - 2014                


HCTec Partners LLC


                  HCTec Partners LLC provides healthcare IT, health information management and staffing solutions. It offers electronic health record implementation, build, optimization and support, Go-Live management and support, clinical transformation, revenue cycle systems, EHR training, data solutions, HIM and coding, and finance and accounting services. The company was founded by William Bartholomew in 2010 and is headquartered in Franklin, TN.                




Vice President-Business Development

                                    Prior                


HCCA International, Inc.


                  HCCA International, Inc. provides recruitment services for hospitals. It offers health care management, operations, and recruitment services to hospital facilities worldwide. The company was founded in 1973 and is headquartered in Franklin, TN.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Director

                    Current                  


Relode LLC






Co-President & Director

                    2010 - 2014                  


HCTec Partners LLC

                    HCTec Partners LLC provides healthcare IT, health information management and staffing solutions. It offers electronic health record implementation, build, optimization and support, Go-Live management and support, clinical transformation, revenue cycle systems, EHR training, data solutions, HIM and coding, and finance and accounting services. The company was founded by William Bartholomew in 2010 and is headquartered in Franklin, TN.                  





 Transactions



 Details Hidden



                  Relode LLC raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Relode LLC raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Relode LLC raised money in a private placement transaction                                  





 Other Affiliations




              Matthew Tant is affiliated with
                            Relode LLC, HCTec Partners LLC, HCCA International, Inc., Relode LLC, HCTec Partners LLC.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















RELODE LLC - CHICAGO, IL - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



IL



CHICAGO



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            RELODE LLC
                                    



 





















R 


RELODE LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



808 N GREENVIEW AVE 2C CHICAGO, IL 60642
Get Directions



(773) 477-4914





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count --
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Relode Llc is located at 808 N Greenview Ave 2c in Chicago and has been in the business of Nonclassifiable Establishments since 2010. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







R

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














Relode offers recruiting with a bigger mission in mindSUBSCRIBE NOWto get full accessGet the newsLog In or Subscribe to skipAlready a subscriber?Log inSubscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe NowAlready a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access.
                            215
                        
                            92
                        Share This Story!Let friends in your social network know what you are reading aboutFacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterestRelode offers recruiting with a bigger mission in mindOnline platform connects companies with recruiters without going through an agencyPost to FacebookRelode offers recruiting with a bigger mission in mind Online platform connects companies with recruiters without going through an agency  Check out this story on Tennessean.com: http://tnne.ws/1DHsyVa
                            {#
                            
                            #}
                        CancelSendSent!A link has been sent to your friend's email address.Posted!A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 
                                1
                            Join the ConversationTo find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQsSubscribe TodayLog InSubscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access.Relode offers recruiting with a bigger mission in mindJamie McGee, jmcgee@tennessean.com
            Published 12:08 p.m. CT Dec. 16, 2014
        Buy PhotoBrennon Mobley, Joshua Davis, Matthew Tant, Joe Christopher and Jason Wisener of Relode — a company designed to make staff recruiting more cost effective and efficient, while also providing employment for recruiters who want to work independently outside of an agent.(Photo: George Walker IV / The Tennessean)Buy Photo
            
                215
            
        CONNECTTWEET
            
                92
            
        LINKEDIN
                
                    1
                
            COMMENTEMAILMORELike many in the business world, Matthew Tant chose not to talk about his religion at work and kept it separate from his professional duties.But as he began developing Relode — his startup aimed at streamlining the recruiting industry — Tant decided he could put his Christian faith at the core of it. As part of the growing “business as mission” movement, Tant designed the business to empower individuals around the world through recruiting — seeking to make a difference in global issues while addressing a business need.“We want to build profitable, scalable products so we can help others, “said Tant, CEO of Relode.Business as mission is a concept that brings God into the workplace and uses business solutions to help communities in need all over the world and to address social justice issues. The approach is similar to that of social enterprises, but encompasses a Christian focus and stems from business leaders’ desire to direct their professional skills at efforts supported by their faith.For Tant, those skills were in staff recruiting and in creating new companies. Before launching health-care recruiting firm HCTec Partners in Franklin, Tant was an agent at Florida-based CSI Companies staffing company. He recognized inefficiencies within the industry that could be remedied with technology and began working with Relode co-founder Joe Christopher, a former director of software development at HealthStream. They developed an online marketplace — an Uber for recruiting, Tant says — that connects companies directly to recruiters and trims hiring costs by cutting out the role of an agency.Under a typical recruitment model, companies find new hires through a job posting site charging upward of $500 a month or through an equally expensive resume database . Meanwhile, recruiting agencies often charge 20 to 30 percent of a new hire’s salary, fueling a more than $125 billion industry nationally, according to Staffing Industry Analysts.The reason recruiting agencies charge so much is because they cover overhead costs — office space, search tools, health benefits for agents — and because they only get paid for the hires they land. A large company looking for new employees could be working with a handful of agents, but the agent that finds the actual hire is the one paid, with the majority of the fees going to the recruiting firm.With Relode, a company  can choose from a pool of recruiters based on their industry expertise, price or ratings from others. A recruiter is ensured payment and companies pay a smaller fee per job candidate — closer to $250 than $20,000, Tant said. The hiring companies can pay for candidate leads, qualified resumes or more advanced candidate research, with Relode taking between 15 and 30 percent of the fee.Relode is self-funded and has 11 employees. The team, based in Brentwood, is talking to experienced recruiters in cities across the U.S. and in several industries to build its base of independent contractors. The model allows individuals to work remotely as well as determine the amount of hours they are interested in.Here’s where the business as mission comes in: Tant envisions a process where an individual supporting a cause can build expertise as a recruiter, taking jobs as time permits to supplement their income. The model could help a college graduate seeking to build a social enterprise overseas or missionaries who needs a revenue stream to fund their work. Or, it could help those recruiters living in high-poverty regions find employment by working for Relode, with contractors already set up in Honduras and in the Phillipines taking on search jobs.For every recruiter that is working to support another social mission, Relode will donate 10 percent of the recruiter’s price to support their work.“Our ultimate goal would be to revive communities and lives of people around the world by creating income opportunities for them right where they are,” Tant said. By training someone helping other communities, “we have a multiplier effect.”Reach Jamie McGee at 615-259-8071 and on Twitter @JamieMcGee_.
            
                215
            
        CONNECTTWEET
            
                92
            
        LINKEDIN
                
                    1
                
            COMMENTEMAILMORERead or Share this story: http://tnne.ws/1DHsyVa







Get help with hiring | Empowering Careers in Healthcare












































































 
EMPLOYERS
Relode's technology helps companies connect directly to healthcare professionals who will help you find your next great hire.If it's urgent, please contact us directly!
PHONE: (844)773-5633EMAIL: SALES@relode.com
 





Name *
Name


                  First Name



                  Last Name



Email Address *



Phone *
Phone


                  (###)



                  ###



                  ####



Company



Job Category *


Credentialing & Privileging
Executive
Nurse Practitioner
Nurse
Other
Physician Assistant
Physician
Sales & Marketing
Therapy & Rehabilitation






Thank you! We'll be in touch very soon. 
































 

Relode Llc - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/194163-relode-llcsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=194163  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Relode LlcCompany DetailsGet alertedif Relode Llc gets funded!Relode LlcFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesTennesseeBrentwoodIndustry:Business Products and Services Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors April 23rd, 2015$550,000-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Relode Llc gets funded?Key peopleJoe Christopher, Jr.Director, Executive Officer, PromoterJ. TantDirector, Executive Officer, PromoterPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!