
Re/Max Holdings Inc (RMAX.N)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Re/Max Holdings Inc (RMAX.N)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerFinancialsReal Estate Development & Operations












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				RMAX.N on New York Stock Exchange


				58.30USD
27 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $0.30


					            (+0.52%)
					        






Prev Close

$58.00


Open

$58.30




Day's High

$60.00


Day's Low

$57.85




Volume

42,676


Avg. Vol

22,068




52-wk High

$62.05


52-wk Low

$40.44












					Full Description



RE/MAX Holdings, Inc., incorporated on June 25, 2013, is a franchisor in the real estate industry, franchising real estate brokerages around the world under the RE/MAX brand and mortgage brokerages within the United States under the Motto Mortgage brand. As of December 31, 2016, RE/MAX brand had over 110,000 agents operating in over 7,000 offices, and a presence in more than 100 countries and territories. The Company is a franchised business, with all of the RE/MAX branded brokerage office locations being operated by franchisees, including RE/MAX, LLC, which owns the RE/MAX brand, and sells franchises and franchising rights; Independent Regional Franchise Owner, which owns rights to sell brokerage franchises in a specified region; Franchisee (or Broker-Owner), which operates a RE/MAX-branded brokerage office, lists properties and recruits agents, and Agent (or Sales Associate), including branded independent contractors operating out of local franchise brokerage offices.In Company-owned Regions in the United States and Canada, it enters into a five-year renewable franchise agreements with franchisees. For those regions that are independently owned, the Company has a long-term agreement (typically 20 years, with up to three renewal periods of equal length) with the Independent Region owner, pursuant to which the regional franchise owner is authorized to enter into franchise agreements with individual franchisees in that region. Under Motto business, the Company operates as a mortgage brokerage franchisor. As a franchisor, the Company helps its Motto franchisees to establish independent mortgage brokerage companies. Its Motto mortgage brokerage franchise business, Motto Franchising, LLC, offers seven-year agreements with franchisees. Motto Franchising sells franchises throughout the United States.The Company competes with Realogy Holdings Corp., Berkshire Hathaway Home Services, Keller Williams Realty, Inc. and Royal LePage.

» Full Overview of RMAX.N







					Company Address



Re/Max Holdings Inc
5075 S Syracuse StDENVER   CO   80237-2712
P: +1303.7705531F: +1302.6365454







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 David Liniger

1,583,080




							 Geoffrey Lewis

958,813




							 Adam Contos

839,827




							 Gail Liniger

--




							 Karri Callahan

757,926




» More Officers & Directors





					Re/Max Holdings Inc News




BRIEF-RE/MAX holdings appoints Adam Contos as co-CEO, to serve alongside Dave Liniger

May 30 2017 
BRIEF-Re/Max Holdings reports Q1 GAAP earnings per share $0.28

May 04 2017 
BRIEF-RE/Max and HouseCanary announce strategic alliance

Apr 24 2017 
BRIEF-Re/Max Holdings raises quarterly dividend by 20%

Feb 22 2017 

» More RMAX.N  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerFinancialsReal Estate Development & Operations









































 



 RE/MAX Holdings, Inc. Launches Motto Mortgage 
         










    










 













 











 



















RE/MAX Holdings, Inc. Launches Motto Mortgage
        																																																		
              

          Franchisor to Give Consumers More Choice When Obtaining a Mortgage
        
















 News provided by
RE/MAX Holdings, Inc.  
Oct 25, 2016, 09:00 ET









 Share this article




























































DENVER, Oct. 25, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- RE/MAX CEO, Chairman and Co-Founder Dave Liniger will announce today the launch of Motto Mortgage, an innovative mortgage brokerage franchise and the second member of the RE/MAX Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:    RMAX) family of brands.
Motto Mortgage will open mortgage franchises throughout the U.S. increasing competition in the industry, resulting in more choice and a better experience for consumers. Its loan originators will work with real estate offices so that agents can help homebuyers obtain the mortgage loans that best fit their individual needs.










 







							 		Dave Liniger, RE/MAX CEO, Chairman and Co-Founder
							  


 







							 		www.remax.com
							  




 
 

 

 
 



"RE/MAX disrupted the real estate industry when it was created more than four decades ago. We did it by empowering real estate agents and ultimately giving consumers a better home-buying and selling experience," said Liniger at invitation-only gatherings of seasoned RE/MAX franchise owners in Dallas and Orlando. "The RE/MAX model remains unique and continues to thrive because we have the best agents in the business who deliver exceptional service. Today we are extending our core competency of franchising into the mortgage origination market by introducing Motto Mortgage." 
Liniger continued, "We obsess about ways to improve the real estate experience for the consumer. We know that independent mortgage brokers' share of the mortgage origination market dropped significantly following the economic downturn, falling from a 15-year average of 22%– with a high of 35% in 2006 - to 10% in 2015. Mortgage brokers bring choice and service to the consumer and Motto Mortgage will work to expand the market share of mortgage brokers and bring better mortgage choice and service to consumers as a result."
Motto Mortgage will inspire new specialists to join the profession by offering them tools, resources and a built-in relationship with a real estate brokerage, including direct access to agents.
"We look forward to the return of mortgage brokers and skilled loan originators to the market," said newly named Motto Mortgage President Ward Morrison, who has been with RE/MAX, LLC for 11 years and most recently served as Vice President, Region Operations and Business Opportunities. "Our priorities will be educating, training and supporting our franchisees so that they can provide exemplary customer service to their clients."
Pairing a Motto Mortgage franchise with a real estate brokerage means homebuyers can work with a real estate agent to find a home and with a Motto Mortgage loan originator to secure financing in offices at one location. And Motto Mortgage loan originators will not be bound to the products of one specific lender but will have access to quality loan options from various sources.
"Because choice and service matter, Motto Mortgage will offer a variety of mortgage options while promoting honesty and complete disclosure, making it extremely consumer friendly," said Morrison. "It's the one-stop shop homebuyers want and the experience they will soon come to expect."
Motto Franchising, LLC is based in Denver, Colorado, and will now begin actively selling franchises in certain markets. Each Motto Mortgage franchise will be independently owned and operated. For more information, please email info@mottomortgage.com or visit mottomortgage.com. For more information view this video: https://vimeo.com/mottomortgage/introduction. 
RE/MAX will discuss the launch of Motto Mortgage in more detail on its third quarter earnings conference call on Friday, November 4, 2016, at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time. 
Resources:For more information on Motto Mortgage services, click here.For investor-related information, click here.
About the RE/MAX Network:RE/MAX was founded in 1973 by David and Gail Liniger, with an innovative, entrepreneurial culture affording its agents and franchisees the flexibility to operate their businesses with great independence. Over 100,000 agents provide RE/MAX a global reach of over 100 countries and territories. Nobody sells more real estate than RE/MAX as measured by total residential transaction sides.
RE/MAX, LLC, one of the world's leading franchisors of real estate brokerage services, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of RMCO, which is controlled and managed by RE/MAX Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:    RMAX).
About Motto Mortgage:Motto Mortgage is a different kind of mortgage organization that provides clarity and personalized guidance to homebuyers who deserve an advocate. It's a groundbreaking concept that connects a real estate brokerage to a separate, franchised mortgage brokerage, providing the one-stop shop homebuyers want and the experience they deserve. The new mortgage brokerage franchise model is the first of its kind in the United States and is franchised by Motto Franchising, LLC, the second member of the RE/MAX Holdings family of brands. It brings opportunity to consumers, brokers, loan officers and agents. Please visit www.mottomortgage.com.
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161024/432006LOGO Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161024/432060 Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161024/432004LOGO  
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/remax-holdings-inc-launches-motto-mortgage-300350357.html
SOURCE RE/MAX Holdings, Inc.



 












Nov 03, 2016, 16:02 ET
Preview: RE/MAX Holdings Reports Third Quarter 2016 Results













Oct 10, 2016, 12:17 ET
Preview: RE/MAX Announces Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 

Jul 07, 2017, 16:01 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              RE/MAX Holdings Announces Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference...








 

May 04, 2017, 16:01 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              RE/MAX Holdings Reports First Quarter 2017 Results





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Banking & Financial Services
  Real Estate
  Residential Real Estate
Corporate Expansion








 You just read:
RE/MAX Holdings, Inc. Launches Motto Mortgage


 News provided by
RE/MAX Holdings, Inc.  
Oct 25, 2016, 09:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 




RE/MAX Holdings, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:42 AM ET
Real Estate Management and Development

Company Overview of RE/MAX Holdings, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
RE/MAX Holdings, Inc. operates as a franchisor of real estate and mortgage brokerage services in the United States, Canada, and internationally. The company offers its real estate franchise services under the RE/MAX brand name; and mortgage brokerage services under the Motto Mortgage brand. The company was founded in 1973 and is headquartered in Denver, Colorado.


5075 South Syracuse StreetDenver, CO 80237United StatesFounded in 1973344 Employees



Phone: 303-770-5531

www.remax.com







Key Executives for RE/MAX Holdings, Inc.




Mr. Adam M. Contos


      	Co-Chief Executive Officer
      


Age: 45
        

Total Annual Compensation: $317.7K








Mr. David L. Liniger


      	Co-Founder, Chairman & Co-Chief Executive Officer
      


Age: 71
        







Mr. Geoffrey D. Lewis


      	President
      


Age: 59
        

Total Annual Compensation: $500.0K








Ms. Karri R. Callahan


      	Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 39
        

Total Annual Compensation: $365.5K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

RE/MAX Holdings, Inc. Key Developments

RE/MAX Holdings, Inc. Presents at The William Blair 2017 Growth Stock Conference, Jun-13-2017 01:30 PM
Jun 6 17
RE/MAX Holdings, Inc. Presents at The William Blair 2017 Growth Stock Conference, Jun-13-2017 01:30 PM. Venue: The Four Seasons Hotel, 120 East Delaware Place, Chicago, IL 60611, United States.


RE/MAX Holdings, Inc. Announces Executive Changes
May 30 17
RE/MAX Holdings, Inc. announced the appointment, effective immediately, of Chief Operating Officer (COO) Adam Contos to RE/MAX Co-Chief Executive Officer (Co-CEO), sharing responsibilities with Co-Founder and now Co-CEO Dave Liniger. The appointment allows Liniger to focus on furthering the company's leadership position in the industry while driving special strategic initiatives. Contos joined RE/MAX in 2004 working with offices in the Mountain States Region and was promoted to the Region's Vice President the following year. Between 2007 and 2013 he served as Region Vice President first for the California & Hawaii Region and later the RE/MAX Florida Region. He was promoted to Vice President, Region Development, in 2013 and then to Senior Vice President, Marketing, in February 2015. And in 2016, Contos was named Chief Operating Officer. Serene Smith, Senior Vice President of Financial Planning and Business Analytics, succeeds Contos as Chief Operating Officer. Smith joined RE/MAX in 2006 as the Senior Manager of Internal Audit and was named Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis, in 2014 and a Senior Vice President in January 2016.


RE/MAX Holdings, Inc. Presents at Stephens 2017 Spring Investment Conference, Jun-07-2017 01:00 PM
May 23 17
RE/MAX Holdings, Inc. Presents at Stephens 2017 Spring Investment Conference, Jun-07-2017 01:00 PM. Venue: Lotte New York Palace Hotel, 455 Madison Avenue, New York, New York, United States.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 '47 Brand LLC United States +Process Team LLC United States 02 Lafayette LLC United States 1 Park Place LLC United States 10-12 MLane, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact RE/MAX Holdings, Inc., please visit www.remax.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


































 RMAX - Stock quote for RE/MAX Holdings Inc - MSN Money















msn  back to msn home

money










web search














Sign in








Change language & content:

América Latina (español)
Argentina (español)
Australia (English)
België (Nederlands)
Belgique (français)
Brasil (português)
Canada (English)
Canada (français)
Chile (español)
Colombia (español)
Danmark (Dansk)
Deutschland (Deutsch)
España (español)
France (français)
India (English)
Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia)
Ireland (English)
Italia (italiano)
Malaysia (English)
México (español)
Nederland (Nederlands)
New Zealand (English)
Norge (norsk, bokmål)
Österreich (Deutsch)
Perú (español)
Philippines (English)
Polska (polski)
Portugal (Português)
Schweiz (Deutsch)
Singapore (English)
South Africa (English)
Suisse (français)
Suomi (suomi)
Sverige (svenska)
Türkiye (Türkçe)
United Arab Emirates (English)
United Kingdom (English)
United States (English)
United States (español)
Venezuela (español)
Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt)
Ελλάδα (ελληνικά)
Россия (Pусский)
ישראל (עברית)‏
الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏)
المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏)
مصر (العربية‏)
ไทย (ไทย)
한국 (한국어)
中华人民共和国 (简体中文)
台灣 (繁體中文)
日本 (日本語)
香港特别行政區 (繁體中文)



Switch to Latino (Español)



 Feedback



Help






























AdChoices














RE/MAX Holdings Inc
NYSE: RMAX



US Markets Open In1 hr 47 min










AdChoices








58.30


▲


+0.30
+0.52%



After Hours : 
58.29
-0.01
-0.01%



 July 27, 2017 4:58 PM EDT. Delayed 15 minutes; Source: NASDAQ. Currency In USD                
















Save














            Summary
        



            Financials
        



            Analysis
        



            Options
        



            Ownership
        



            Company
        



            History
        



            Related
        


















































Open
58.30


Previous Close
58.00


Volume (Avg) 
93.12k (68.74k)


Day's Range
57.85-60.00


52Wk Range
40.41-63.35


Market Cap.
1.03B


Dividend Rate (Yield)
0.72 (1.23%)


Beta
-


Shares Outstanding
17.70M


P/E Ratio (EPS)
45.25 (1.29) 









Recent News







RE/MAX HOLDINGS, INC. (RMAX) IPO

                            
                            NASDAQ
                        
7/21/2017






Key Executives for RE/MAX, LLC

                            
                            Bloomberg
                        
7/20/2017





 
Aspen Insurance Holdings Limited

                            
                            fumbleboard.com
                        
1 day ago






Kite Pharma (KITE) Reaches $111.69 After 8.00% Down Move, 0 Analysts Covering Re Max Holdings (RMAX)

                            
                            the Bibey Post
                        
2 days ago






Aspen Insurance Holdings Limited (AHL) Position Raised by Legal & General Group Plc

                            
                            nolopodrasdejardever.com
                        
4 days ago






Landmark Infrastructure Partners (LMRK) and RE/MAX Holdings (NYSE:RMAX) Head to Head Survey

                            
                            Breeze
                        
6 days ago








With Shares Trading down at $18.05 (SXCP) SunCoke Energy Partners, LP Declares…

                            
                            eleganthomesinla.com
                        
6 days ago






SunCoke Energy, Inc. (NYSE:SXC) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research

                            
                            nolopodrasdejardever.com
                        
6 days ago






Bank of America Corp DE Increases Stake in RE/MAX Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:RMAX)

                            
                            Breeze
                        
7/21/2017






RE/MAX Holdings Inc RMAX

                            
                            U.S. News Money
                        
7/21/2017






Re/Max Holdings Balance Sheet - Quarterly (NYSE:RMAX)

                            
                            amigobulls.com
                        
7/19/2017






RE/MAX Holdings (NYSE:RMAX) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Finds

                            
                            themarketsdaily.com
                        
7/19/2017







 
Re Max Holdings (RMAX) EPS Estimated At $0.49, Harris Associates LP Has Trimmed Lam Research (LRCX) Position By $11.79 Million

                            
                            the Bibey Post
                        
7/17/2017





 
Denver home real estate scorecard for June: Low inventory, homes sell fast

                            
                            The Business Journal
                        
7/17/2017






Re/Max Holdings Balance Sheet - Annual (NYSE:RMAX)

                            
                            amigobulls.com
                        
7/17/2017






In Volatile Markets Do Analysts Think You Should Buy RE/MAX Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:RMAX)?

                            
                            desotoedge.com
                        
7/15/2017






RE/MAX Holdings Inc.: First Half of 2017 Ends with Record Sales, Prices

                            
                            The Wall Street Transcript
                        
7/14/2017





 
First Half of 2017 Ends with Record Sales, Prices

                            
                            stlrealestate.news
                        
7/14/2017























AdChoices
















AdChoices

















AdChoices




















Markets











DOW

DOW



▲

21,796.55


+85.54
+0.39%













Last updated time
7/27/2017 4:45 PM EDT







Markets





NASDAQ

NASDAQ



▼

6,382.19




-40.56
-0.63%










FTSE 100

FTSE 100



▼

7,395.43




-47.58
-0.64%










NYSE Composite

NYSE Composite



▼

11,963.23




-1.68
-0.01%



















AdChoices
















                Feedback
            







Send Feedback
Provide Feedback
Report a Problem


We appreciate your input!



Select a category:

I'm having problems with Top Destinations
I'm having issues searching
I'm having problems with Featured Apps
I see an error in the content
Other



How we can improve?





Please give an overall site rating:









Submit
Close


Privacy Statement


Help


Help & Support



 











 





Re/Max Holdings, Inc.                                                                                                    - Lake Oswego                                       , OR         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



OR



Lake Oswego



Real Estate Agents and Managers



Real Estate Agent, Residential



                            Re/Max Holdings, Inc.
                                    



 





















R 


Re/Max Holdings, Inc.                                                                                                   
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2890 DELLWOOD DR LAKE OSWEGO, OR 97034
Get Directions



(503) 635-4942
 





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Real Estate Agent, Residential
 Contacts  







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







R

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.




















RE/MAX Holdings, Inc. Launches Motto Mortgage









































































👤 Register / Login








 Contact
Advertise
Newsletters
Magazines
Conferences
 Company
 














Search:


2,849 Franchises | 3,456 Articles | 62,094 News Stories








 







Home:
News:
RE/MAX:

RE/MAX Holdings, Inc. Launches Motto Mortgage

By: RE/MAX |  2 Shares     62 Reads
Franchisor to Give Consumers More Choice When Obtaining a Mortgage
October 25, 2016 // Franchising.com // DENVER – RE/MAX CEO, Chairman and Co-Founder Dave Liniger will announce today the launch of Motto Mortgage, an innovative mortgage brokerage franchise and the second member of the RE/MAX Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: RMAX) family of brands.
Motto Mortgage will open mortgage franchises throughout the U.S. increasing competition in the industry, resulting in more choice and a better experience for consumers. Its loan originators will work with real estate offices so that agents can help homebuyers obtain the mortgage loans that best fit their individual needs.
“RE/MAX disrupted the real estate industry when it was created more than four decades ago. We did it by empowering real estate agents and ultimately giving consumers a better home- buying and selling experience,” said Liniger at invitation-only gatherings of seasoned RE/MAX franchise owners in Dallas and Orlando. “The RE/MAX model remains unique and continues to thrive because we have the best agents in the business who deliver exceptional service. Today we are extending our core competency of franchising into the mortgage origination market by introducing Motto Mortgage.”
Liniger continued, “We obsess about ways to improve the real estate experience for the consumer. We know that independent mortgage brokers’ share of the mortgage origination market dropped significantly following the economic downturn, falling from a 15-year average of 22%– with a high of 35% in 2006 - to 10% in 2015. Mortgage brokers bring choice and service to the consumer and Motto Mortgage will work to expand the market share of mortgage brokers and bring better mortgage choice and service to consumers as a result.”
Motto Mortgage will inspire new specialists to join the profession by offering them tools, resources and a built-in relationship with a real estate brokerage, including direct access to agents.
“We look forward to the return of mortgage brokers and skilled loan originators to the market,” said newly named Motto Mortgage President Ward Morrison, who has been with RE/MAX, LLC for 11 years and most recently served as Vice President, Region Operations and Business Opportunities. “Our priorities will be educating, training and supporting our franchisees so that they can provide exemplary customer service to their clients.”
Pairing a Motto Mortgage franchise with a real estate brokerage means homebuyers can work with a real estate agent to find a home and with a Motto Mortgage loan originator to secure financing in offices at one location. And Motto Mortgage loan originators will not be bound to the products of one specific lender but will have access to quality loan options from various sources.
“Because choice and service matter, Motto Mortgage will offer a variety of mortgage options while promoting honesty and complete disclosure, making it extremely consumer friendly,” said Morrison. “It’s the one-stop shop homebuyers want and the experience they will soon come to expect.”
Motto Franchising, LLC is based in Denver, Colorado, and will now begin actively selling franchises in certain markets. Each Motto Mortgage franchise will be independently owned and operated. For more information, please email info@mottomortgage.com or visit mottomortgage.com.
RE/MAX will discuss the launch of Motto Mortgage in more detail on its third quarter earnings conference call on Friday, November 4, 2016, at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time.
About the RE/MAX Network
RE/MAX was founded in 1973 by David and Gail Liniger, with an innovative, entrepreneurial culture affording its agents and franchisees the flexibility to operate their businesses with great independence. Over 100,000 agents provide RE/MAX a global reach of over 100 countries and territories. Nobody sells more real estate than RE/MAX as measured by total residential transaction sides.
RE/MAX, LLC, one of the world's leading franchisors of real estate brokerage services, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of RMCO, which is controlled and managed by RE/MAX Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: RMAX).
About Motto Mortgage
Motto Mortgage is a different kind of mortgage organization that provides clarity and personalized guidance to homebuyers who deserve an advocate. It’s a groundbreaking concept that connects a real estate brokerage to a separate, franchised mortgage brokerage, providing the one-stop shop homebuyers want and the experience they deserve. The new mortgage brokerage franchise model is the first of its kind in the United States and is franchised by Motto Franchising, LLC, the second member of the RE/MAX Holdings family of brands. It brings opportunity to consumers, brokers, loan officers, and agents. Please visit www.mottomortgage.com.
SOURCE RE/MAX, LLC
Contact:
Jason Lindaman Manager, Public Relations RE/MAX, LLC (303) 796-3546 jlindaman@remax.com###


Share this Story:

Comments:


Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus











Franchise News Room »




 All Franchise News
 Expansion
 Financial
 Mergers & Acquisitions
 Personnel



 General Announcements
 Conference
 Product Announcements
 Media Coverage
 Strategic Alliances










News By Industry »




 Art
 Automotive
 Beauty
 Business Services
 Childrens
 Cleaning and Maintenance
 Computer and Internet Services
 Construction
 Education
 Entertainment
 Financial Services
 Fitness
 Food
 Franchise Consultants



 Health
 Home Services
 Medical
 Moving and Storage
 Pet
 Recreation
 Retail
 Senior Care
 Small Business
 Specialty
 Staffing
 Travel
 Vending







Featured Opportunities

Fuddruckers
Customers vote Fuddruckers the "Best Burger in Town" in more cities than any other national hamburger chain - by far! No other chain even...


Gigi's Cupcakes
Gigi's offers a low-cost, low-risk and scalable bakery franchise that features gourmet cupcakes and bakery treats


Massage Envy
Massage Envy clinics are designed to provide a compelling image, an inviting and functional environment and the highest degree of operational...


SpeedPro Imaging
SpeedPro Imaging is the ONLY franchise available exclusively focusing on wide format printing, the highest margin and fastest growing niche in the...


Big O Tires, LLC
With more than 50 years in the tire and automotive maintenance industry, Big O Tires® is proud to be a world-class leader. 









Subscribe to Franchising.com Express
 






Share This Page




CHANNELS

Franchise Opportunities
Multi-Unit Franchisees
Franchisors

GETTING STARTED

 What is Franchising?
 Franchising Articles
 Franchise Events
 Franchise Guides
 Franchise News
 Success Stories
 Franchise Videos
 Net Worth Calculator

 OPPORTUNITIES

 Search
Top Franchises
Hot Franchises
Featured Franchises
Newly Added Franchises
Trending Franchises
International Franchises
 Franchises A-Z
 By Industry
 By Type
 By Location
 By Investment
 By Maturity

 RESOURCES
  Accounting
 Advertising
 Associations
 Big Data
 Conferences
 Customer Relations
 Facilities
 Financing
 Human Resources
 Legal
 Local Marketing
 Payment Processing
 Real Estate
 Security
 Technology
 Telecommunications

 PRODUCTS & SERVICES

 Annual Franchise Development Report
 Multi-Unit Buyer's Guide
 Technology Buyer's Guide

CONFERENCES

 Franchise Leadership & Development Conference
 Multi-Unit Franchising Conference
 European Multi-Unit Franchising Conference
 Franchise Consumer Marketing Conference

MAGAZINES

Multi-Unit Franchisee Magazine
Franchise Update Magazine


 ABOUT

 Advertising
 News
 Blogs
 Contact Us
 Legal Notices
 Privacy Policy
 Advertiser Login

SOCIAL

  Facebook
  LinkedIn
  Twitter
  YouTube
  Google+
  Instagram




The   franchise opportunities listed above are not related to or endorsed by Franchising.com or Franchise Update Media Group. We are not engaged in, supporting, or endorsing any specific franchise, business opportunity, company or individual. No statement in this site is to be construed as a recommendation. We encourage prospective franchise buyers to perform extensive due diligence when considering a   franchise opportunity.







Franchise Update Media |
P.O. Box 20547 // San Jose, CA 95160 // PH. (408) 402-5681
Copyright © 2001 - 2017. All Rights Reserved.
In Loving Memory Of Timothy Gardner (1987-2014)











































Re/max Holdings, Inc. - RMAX - Stock Price Today - Zacks









 




























 


Free Gift
	for Zacks.com visitors
 

		RMAX is up 0.52% today, but where's it headed in August?
 


   

 Privacy Policy

		No cost, no obligation to buy anything ever.
 


















 
Join

Sign In




Member Sign In


 Keep Me Signed In 
What does "Remember Me" do?
Forgot Password


Create a New Account







 




















 


You are being directed to ZacksTrade, a division of LBMZ Securities and licensed broker-dealer. ZacksTrade and Zacks.com are separate companies. The web link between the two companies is not a solicitation or offer to invest in a particular security or type of security. ZacksTrade does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy, any analyst opinion/rating/report or any approach to evaluating indiv idual securities.
If you wish to go to ZacksTrade, click OK. If you do not, click Cancel.
OK Cancel








Back to top








more

























 RE/MAX Holdings, Inc. (RMAX)
(Delayed Data from NYSE)



$58.30 USD
58.30
93,028


                +0.30                (0.52%)
              

Updated Jul 27, 2017 04:02 PM ET




Add to portfolio
 





Zacks Rank:



                                                 3-Hold     3     




Style Scores:



D Value | B Growth | A Momentum | B VGM                


The Style Scores are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style. 
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.


Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A


Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores





Industry Rank:



 Top 16%(43 out of 265) 
Industry: Real Estate - Operations




View All Zacks #1 Ranked Stocks




Trades from
$1

 



This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%


 Zacks Rank Education - Learn about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to fully access the Zacks Rank


The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports



The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
        Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank
        









Quote Overview
















Stock Activity



Open
58.30


Day Low
57.85


Day High
60.00


52 Wk Low
40.41


52 Wk High
63.35


Avg. Volume
75,542


Market Cap
1.03 B


Dividend
0.72 ( 1.24%)


Beta
0.93





Key Earnings Data



Earnings ESP 
0.00%


Most Accurate Est
0.49


Current Qtr Est
0.49


Current Yr Est
1.90


Exp Earnings Date
*AMC8/3/17


Prior Year EPS
1.74


Exp EPS Growth (3-5yr)8.50%


Forward PE
30.53


PEG Ratio
3.59










Finance » Real Estate - Operations



*BMO = Before Market Open *AMC = After Market Close


Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find companies that have recently seen positive earnings estimate revision activity. The idea is that more recent information is, generally speaking, more accurate and can be a better predictor of the future, which can give investors an advantage in earnings season.
The technique has proven to be very useful for finding positive surprises. In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time, while they also saw 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
    
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings





Research Report for RMAX



All Zacks’ Analyst Reports



News for RMAX

Zacks News for RMAX
Other News for RMAX



RE/MAX Holdings (RMAX) Q1 Earnings: What's in the Cards?
05/03/17-7:44AM EST  Zacks

CBRE (CBG) Q1 Earnings & Revenues Beat Estimates, Up Y/Y
04/27/17-9:46AM EST  Zacks

RMAX: What are Zacks experts saying now?

Zacks Private Portfolio Services

RE/MAX Holdings (RMAX) Q4 Earnings: What's in the Cards?
02/21/17-6:30AM EST  Zacks

CBRE (CBG) Tops Q4 Earnings; Solid Growth in Asia Pacific
02/10/17-1:24PM EST  Zacks

Why Should You Add CBRE Group (CBG) to Your Portfolio?
01/05/17-8:29AM EST  Zacks


More Zacks News for RMAX




Redfin Ignores The Elephants
07/27/17-7:46AM EST  Seeking Alpha

Redfin Ignores The Elephants
07/25/17-10:15AM EST  TalkMarkets

Redfin IPO: Tech Company, Real Estate Brokerage, or Something New?
07/25/17-8:45AM EST  Seeking Alpha

First Half of 2017 Ends with Record Sales, Prices
07/14/17-12:12PM EST  PR Newswire

RE/MAX Holdings Announces Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call
07/07/17-4:01PM EST  PR Newswire


More Other News for RMAX





Premium Research for RMAX





Zacks Rank


 Hold 3



Zacks Industry Rank
 Top 16%(43 out of 265)


Zacks Sector Rank
 Bottom 38% (10  out of 16) 



Style Scores

D Value | B Growth | A Momentum | B VGM




Earnings ESP


0.00%



Research Report for RMAX

Snapshot





This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to get access to the Zacks Rank


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports


Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find companies that have recently seen positive earnings estimate revision activity. The idea is that more recent information is, generally speaking, more accurate and can be a better predictor of the future, which can give investors an advantage in earnings season.
The technique has proven to be very useful for finding positive surprises. In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time, while they also saw 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
    
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings


This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to fully access the Zacks Rank


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Style Scores are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style. 
The three scores are based on the trading styles of Growth, Value, and Momentum.


Growth Score
A


Value Score
A


Momentum Score
A


Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports

(  = Change in last 30 days) 
View All Zacks Rank #1 Strong Buys





Premium Research: Industry Analysis



Top Peers
Symbol
Zacks Rank




RE/MAX Holdings, Inc.
RMAX



Sun Hung Kai Properties Ltd.
SUHJY



UNIBAIL-RODAMCO
UNRDY



CBRE Group, Inc.
CBG



City Developments Ltd.
CDEVY



Henderson Land Development Co.
HLDCY



Invitation Home Inc.
INVH




See all Real Estate - Operations Peers


 








Price and EPS Surprise Chart














1 Month
3 Months
YTD





Interactive Chart | Fundamental Chart



Billion Dollar Secret



Company Summary
Re/Max Holdings, Inc. is a franchisor of real estate brokerage services. Re/Max Holdings, Inc. is based in Denver, CO.   

















 




















	RE/MAX Holdings, Inc. - RE/MAX Names Adam Contos Co-CEO







































        Get The App
        



my re/max



iR NAVIGATION











Property search
Home values
Get advice
Agents/Offices
About RE/MAX
Contact









				            Get The App
				            

Check Out the new remax App















NYSE
RMAX
$58.30
Min 20 minute delay


Change +0.00
Change % +0%
Volume
93,119
July 27, 2017

Home Investor Relations Press Releases Financial Releases Press Release Details






Home»Investor Relations»Press Releases»Financial Releases»Press Release Details
















View all Press Releases


RE/MAX Names Adam Contos Co-CEO


05/30/2017

Download this Press Release (PDF 338 KB)

DENVER – RE/MAX Holdings, Inc. (the "Company”) (NYSE: RMAX), announced today the appointment, effective immediately, of Chief Operating Officer (COO) Adam Contos to RE/MAX Co-Chief Executive Officer (Co-CEO), sharing responsibilities with Co-Founder and now Co-CEO Dave Liniger. The company is the parent company of RE/MAX, LLC, one of the world’s leading franchisors of real estate brokerage services, and Motto Franchising, LLC, franchisor of the innovative Motto Mortgage network of mortgage brokerages. The appointment allows Liniger to focus on furthering the company’s leadership position in the industry while driving special strategic initiatives.
 
“I’m proud to have Adam, who has successfully led many key functions in our business over the last 13 years, partner with me at the CEO position,” said Liniger. “We have a talented and dedicated group of leaders at RE/MAX and I’ve been actively working with them to build our future. Under Adam’s leadership, I know this dynamic team will further our position as the number one name in real estate.”
 
RE/MAX has employed the Co-CEO structure in several of its CEO transitions. The approach ensures continuity in RE/MAX leadership, in its successful and unique business model, and in the overall company strategy.
 
“We’re fortunate to have a deep and talented executive team at RE/MAX. They share the same drive and desire to succeed that I had when I created this company over 44 years ago,” Liniger continued. “We’re all strongly aligned around the core strategy, values, culture and mission that have made this company great. I’m confident that the strength of our management team supported by our exceptional agents, brokers, franchise owners and employees will continue to drive our future growth and success.”
 
As COO, Contos managed RE/MAX daily operations including IT, HR, Business Development, Events, Brand Marketing, Communications, Media and Public Relations.
 
“Dave’s founding principles and culture of success along with the dedication of RE/MAX agents and owners have made RE/MAX the greatest real estate company in the world,” said Contos. “I’m honored to drive RE/MAX forward on behalf of over 110,000 agents who represent this iconic brand by delivering exceptional service to their clients. We will continue to advance RE/MAX and the real estate industry by delivering the products and services that have made our franchisees and agents so successful for the last four decades.”
 
Contos joined RE/MAX in 2004 working with offices in the Mountain States Region and was promoted to the Region’s Vice President the following year. Between 2007 and 2013 he served as Region Vice President first for the California & Hawaii Region and later the RE/MAX Florida Region. He was promoted to Vice President, Region Development, in 2013 and then to Senior Vice President, Marketing, in February 2015. During his Marketing tenure, he and the business development team built a robust franchise sales process that fueled record growth. And in 2016, Contos was named Chief Operating Officer.
 
Serene Smith, Senior Vice President of Financial Planning and Business Analytics, succeeds Contos as Chief Operating Officer. Smith joined RE/MAX in 2006 as the Senior Manager of Internal Audit and was named Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis, in 2014 and a Senior Vice President in January 2016.
 
RE/MAX recently celebrated an impressive 2016, with the largest agent growth since the recession in early 2008 along with successfully launching Motto Mortgage, the first franchise mortgage concept in the United States. RE/MAX grew to over 110,000 agents last year and has a presence in 100 countries and territories, a global footprint unmatched by any other real estate brand.

RE/MAX Co-CEO Adam Contos Biography
As a respected and tenured RE/MAX leader, Liniger and the RE/MAX Board of Directors hand-selected COO Adam Contos as Co-CEO. Contos not only has a passion and love for RE/MAX franchisees, agents and the Denver headquarters’ staff, but he is especially driven to move RE/MAX and the entire industry forward through technology and innovation.

Like Liniger, Contos has military experience, having served in the US Marine Corps Reserve in the early 1990s until he was honorably discharged as a sergeant in 1996. After his service, Contos worked for the Douglas County Sheriff’s Office in Colorado from 1993 to 2004 and first encountered RE/MAX when he introduced the S.A.F.E.R. (Safety Awareness for Every REALTOR) program to the company. He was then hired by the company as a Senior Franchise Development Consultant in Business Development, working his way up through a number of leadership positions until he was promoted to Chief Operating Officer in January 2016.

Under his leadership, Contos’ teams have launched major initiatives like a redesigned remax.com, a new franchise brand, Motto Mortgage, successful agent recruiting and retention campaigns and the highly lauded 2016 and 2017 national advertising campaigns.

# # #

About the RE/MAX Network
RE/MAX was founded in 1973 by David and Gail Liniger, with an innovative, entrepreneurial culture affording its agents and franchisees the flexibility to operate their businesses with great independence. Over 110,000 agents provide RE/MAX a global reach of over 100 countries and territories. Nobody sells more real estate than RE/MAX as measured by total residential transaction sides.
 
RE/MAX, one of the world's leading franchisors of real estate brokerage services, and Motto Mortgage, an innovative mortgage brokerage franchise, are subsidiaries of RMCO, which is controlled and managed by RE/MAX Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: RMAX).
 
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the "safe harbor" provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as "believe," "intend," "expect," "estimate," "plan," "outlook," "project" and other similar words and expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends that are not statements of historical matters. These forward-looking statements include statements regarding the Company's results of operations, performance and growth.  Forward-looking statements should not be read as guarantees of future performance or results. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time those statements are made and/or management's good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, (1) changes in business and economic activity in general, (2) changes in the real estate market, including changes due to interest rates and availability of financing, (3) the Company's ability to attract and retain quality franchisees, (4) the Company's franchisees' ability to recruit and retain real estate agents and mortgage loan originators, (5) changes in laws and regulations that may affect the Company's business or the real estate market, (6) failure to maintain, protect and enhance the RE/MAX and Motto Mortgage brands, (7) fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, as well as those risks and uncertainties described in the sections entitled "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in the most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") and similar disclosures in subsequent SEC filings.  Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. Except as required by law, the Company does not intend, and undertakes no duty, to update this information to reflect future events or circumstances. 
 
 





View all Press Releases













RE/MAX around the world
            





                    Worldwide property search
                



                    Worldwide franchise opportunities
                







RE/MAX
            





                    Newsroom
                



                    Blog
                



                    Leadership
                



                    Careers
                










RE/MAX business opportunities
            





                    Invest in a RE/MAX franchise
                



                    Become a RE/MAX agent
                







RE/MAX investor relations
            



RE/MAX Investors









Other RE/MAX sites



RE/MAX Commercial


RE/MAX Collection





RE/MAX supports
















Follow RE/MAX online:





































            Sitemap
        



            Terms of Use
        




            Privacy Policy
        



            RE/MAX AFFILIATE LOG IN
        



    Each Office Independently Owned and Operated. RE/MAX, LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer and supports the Fair Housing Act.

           
    © 2017 RE/MAX, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
    Powered by Homes.com




    Investor Relations content powered By Q4 Inc. 4.5.0.5





















RE/MAX HOLDINGS INC. CLASS A quote - Product overview - NYSE Stocks 















 










 
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds.














     















Deutsch





español





suomi





français





italiano





Nederlands





português





русский





svenska





中文









Member's area



Login
Sign up
FAQ



















 Stock exchange


All Stocks


Euronext Stocks


US NASDAQ Stocks


US NYSE Stocks


US Tech 150


US NonTech 200


UK Stocks


UK AIM


UK 300


UK 200


 Indices


All indices


Europe Indices


NASDAQ COMPOSITE


DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL


S&P500


FTSE 100


NIKKEI 225


EURO STOXX 50


CAC40


DAX30


IBEX 35


FTSE MIB 40


 Forex


All currency pairs


Forex (47 main pairs)


Forex (128 currency pairs)


AUD currency pairs


CAD currency pairs


CHF currency pairs


EUR currency pairs


GBP currency pairs


JPY currency pairs


NZD currency pairs


USD currency pairs


 Commodities


All commodities


Gold (XAUUSD)


Silver (XAGUSD)


BRENT & WTI CRUDE OIL


Ranking


Products ranking


Traders ranking


Need technical analysis?


Technical analysis request


All technical analysis







 Stock exchange


Euronext Stocks


US NASDAQ Stocks


US NYSE Stocks


US NYSE Market 50


US NonTech 200


UK Stocks


UK AIM


UK 300


UK 200


 Indices


Major stock indices


Europe Indices


Indices Futures


Sector indices


United States


France


Germany


Spain


Italy


Netherlands


 Forex


128 currency pairs


AUD currency pairs


CAD currency pairs


CHF currency pairs


EUR currency pairs


GBP currency pairs


JPY currency pairs


NZD currency pairs


USD currency pairs


 Commodities


All commodities







 Stock exchange


All Stocks


Euronext Stocks


US NASDAQ Stocks


US NYSE Stocks


US Tech 150


US NonTech 200


UK Stocks


UK AIM


UK 300


UK 200


 Indices


All indices


Europe Indices


NASDAQ COMPOSITE


DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL


S&P500


FTSE 100


NIKKEI 225


EURO STOXX 50


CAC40


DAX30


IBEX 35


FTSE MIB 40


 Forex


All currency pairs


Forex (47 main pairs)


Forex (128 currency pairs)


AUD currency pairs


CAD currency pairs


CHF currency pairs


EUR currency pairs


GBP currency pairs


JPY currency pairs


NZD currency pairs


USD currency pairs


EUR/USD


USD/JPY


 Commodities


All commodities


Other categories


Economic news


Political news


Financial markets


Global news







 Groups


Active Groups


Popular groups


New Groups


Groups Forum


 Forum


Main Forum


Stocks Forum


Indices Forum


Forex Forum


Commodities Forum


 Social Networks


CentralCharts Twitter


 Widgets & Services


Centralcharts' widget






 
 





Number of analysis



Number of traders



Since last analysis


 
Find a Product / Trader / Group :


Narrow your search...

Stocks
Forex
Indices
Commodities

Warrants
Bonds
ETF
Futures


Traders
Groups














 


















 



RE/MAX HOLDINGS INC. CLASS A 





OverviewQuotesChartNewsAnalysisWarrantsProfileWallForum 


 




-
 USD				
(-)

  15 min delay - NYSE Stocks 










Open:
-


Change:
-


Volume:
-










Low:
-


High:
-


High / Low range:
-








Type:
Stocks


Ticker:
RMAX


ISIN:

 
















Overview


Quotes


Chart


News


Analysis


Warrants


Profile


Wall


Forum














 






RE/MAX HOLDINGS INC. CLASS A overview



5 days quotes  15 min delay - NYSE Stocks



07/21/201707/24/201707/25/201707/26/201707/27/2017
 


Last58.1558.0558.1558.0058.30


Change (%)-0.60%-0.17%+0.17%-0.26%+0.52%


Volume61,806104,501161,471109,48593,119







5 days change : +0.26%






						RE/MAX HOLDINGS INC. CLASS A - More quotes...
Lastest analysis



No technical analysis



Lastest news



First Half of 2017 Ends with Record Sales, Prices 



RE/MAX Holdings Announces Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call 



RE/MAX Leads All Brands in "America's Best" 



RE/MAX FINDS NEW ENGLAND’S YOUNG, LUXURY HOME BUYERS DRIVEN BY ACCESS TO AMENITIES, MODERN FINISHES 



RE/MAX Has Most Productive Agents by Transaction Sides in Prestigious Survey 










			RE/MAX        



 
8

0



								RE/MAX HOLDINGS INC. CLASS A - More news...

Lastest discussions



No discussion












Follow this product



Post an Analysis




Request an analysis





							Add to a list						


Technical analysis requests

No technical analysis requests
See all analysis requests 



Statistics


Analysis							: 
Follower(s) : 




Currently on this Wall



Join these members now



				Activity on				RE/MAX HOLDINGS INC. CLASS A			





 





 












	RE/MAX Holdings, Inc. - Investor Relations - Home







































        Get The App
        



my re/max



iR NAVIGATION











Property search
Home values
Get advice
Agents/Offices
About RE/MAX
Contact









				            Get The App
				            

Check Out the new remax App















NYSE
RMAX
$58.30
Min 20 minute delay


Change +0.00
Change % +0%
Volume
93,119
July 27, 2017

Home Investor Relations Home






Home»Investor Relations»Home

















One of the world’s leading franchisors of real estate brokerage services
MORE THAN 40 YEARS OF OUTSTANDING AGENTS & OUTSTANDING RESULTSRE/MAX Holdings, Inc. is one of the world’s leading franchisors of real estate brokerage services, with over 110,000 agents operating in over 100 countries and territories. Franchisees operate under the RE/MAX brand name, which has held the number one market share position in the U.S. and Canada since 1999 as measured by total residential transaction sides completed by its agents. The company is built on an innovative and entrepreneurial culture affording agents and franchisees the flexibility to operate their businesses with great independence.


Featured Documents







Date
Download


September 6, 2016
Why RE/MAX - Investor Presentation
5.81 MB




September 1, 2015
2016 Annual Report
2.86 MB








Normal



Latest financials




May 04
RE/MAX Holdings Reports First Quarter 2017 Results














Featured Events



Upcoming Events
Past Events




Aug 04


Q2 2017 Earnings Conference Call
08:30 AM EDT




Webcast














Contact Us


Investor Relations
(303) 224-5458
investorrelations@remax.com
Sign Up for Email Notifications












RE/MAX around the world
            





                    Worldwide property search
                



                    Worldwide franchise opportunities
                







RE/MAX
            





                    Newsroom
                



                    Blog
                



                    Leadership
                



                    Careers
                










RE/MAX business opportunities
            





                    Invest in a RE/MAX franchise
                



                    Become a RE/MAX agent
                







RE/MAX investor relations
            



RE/MAX Investors









Other RE/MAX sites



RE/MAX Commercial


RE/MAX Collection





RE/MAX supports
















Follow RE/MAX online:





































            Sitemap
        



            Terms of Use
        




            Privacy Policy
        



            RE/MAX AFFILIATE LOG IN
        



    Each Office Independently Owned and Operated. RE/MAX, LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer and supports the Fair Housing Act.

           
    © 2017 RE/MAX, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
    Powered by Homes.com




    Investor Relations content powered By Q4 Inc. 4.5.0.5













