    Todd Renehan | Haas Group International Inc | ZoomInfo.com    Todd Renehan | Haas Group International Inc | ZoomInfo.com

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























Today's Stock Market News and Analysis - Nasdaq.com



































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home >
	Stock Market News




Today's Stock Market News & Analysis







    Facebook's 2017 Profitability Will Be Even Better Than Expected
    

By Motley Fool


    Investors were particularly encouraged by the company's outlook for expenses this year.
    






			3 ETFs to Keep You Invested After Retirement
			

By Motley Fool


        ETFs offer diversification, income, and growth at a low cost.
		




        Never Again: Big Oil Is Back And Practicing Caution
		

By Oilprice.com


        Oil majors are coming around to the idea that oil prices will remain depressed for the foreseeable future.
		




        3 Value Stocks for Wise Investors
		

By Motley Fool


        A look at 3 overlooked stocks.
		







Latest News Videos







Regulatory Change Good for European... Rep. Hoyer: Trump needs to stop twe... US gross domestic product rises 2.6... U.S. Q4 GDP up 1.9%                 




Latest News



4 Ways To Squeeze Out Extra Credit Card Miles For A Last-Minute Vacation


07/28/2017 9:24 AM - ValuePenguin

Appears In: Credit Cards




U.S. economic growth picks up in Q2, wages continue to lag


7/28/2017 9:21:00 AM - Reuters

Appears In: Politics




Motorola Solution To Buy Airbus DS Communications Business


7/28/2017 9:12:00 AM - RTT News

Appears In: World Markets




AbbVie's profit beats on Humira, Imbruvica demand


7/28/2017 9:11:00 AM - Reuters

Appears In: Stocks




BUZZ-U.S. STOCKS ON THE MOVE-Amazon, Starbucks, Mattel, Goodyear


7/28/2017 9:06:00 AM - Reuters

Appears In: Stocks




Moody's Receives European Commission Clearance To Acquire Bureau Van Dijk


7/28/2017 9:05:00 AM - RTT News

Appears In: World Markets




The Case for 2 Beleaguered Oilfield Service Stocks


07/28/2017 9:04 AM - Martin Tillier

Appears In: Oil




U.S. GDP Growth Accelerates In Line With Estimates In Q2


7/28/2017 9:03:00 AM - RTT News

Appears In: Stocks




Russia holds rates amid geopolitical risks, sees cuts by year-end


7/28/2017 9:02:00 AM - Reuters

Appears In: Politics




US STOCKS-Wall St set to open lower as Amazon weighs on tech stocks


7/28/2017 9:02:00 AM - Reuters

Appears In: Stocks




South Africa weather forecaster says confident of no El Nino this summer


7/28/2017 9:01:00 AM - Reuters

Appears In: Politics




Weyerhaeuser Q2 17 Earnings Conference Call At 10:00 AM ET


7/28/2017 9:01:00 AM - RTT News

Appears In: Politics




Ventas Q2 17 Earnings Conference Call At 10:00 AM ET


7/28/2017 9:01:00 AM - RTT News

Appears In: Fundamental Analysis




Erie Indemnity Q2 17 Earnings Conference Call At 10:00 AM ET


7/28/2017 9:01:00 AM - RTT News

Appears In: Politics




Principal Financial Group Q2 17 Earnings Conference Call At 10:00 AM ET


7/28/2017 9:01:00 AM - RTT News

Appears In: Fundamental Analysis




International Paper Q2 17 Earnings Conference Call At 10:00 AM ET


7/28/2017 9:01:00 AM - RTT News

Appears In: Politics




CapStar Financial Holdings Q2 17 Earnings Conference Call At 10:00 AM ET


7/28/2017 9:01:00 AM - RTT News

Appears In: Politics




American River Bankshares (AMRB) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for July 31, 2017


07/28/2017 9:00 AM - NASDAQ.com News

Appears In: Stocks




KNOT Offshore Partners LP (KNOP) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for July 31, 2017


07/28/2017 9:00 AM - NASDAQ.com News

Appears In: Stocks




Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation (BMTC) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for July 31, 2017


07/28/2017 9:00 AM - NASDAQ.com News

Appears In: Stocks





View More Headlines







Browse News by Category



ETFs


Moog Tops Fiscal Q2 Street Views On EPS, Revenues; Raises Guidance


Bull Markets Don’t Die of Old Age, But Rather Killed by Federal...


Europe ETFs Are Turning a Lot of Heads




More ETFs



Technology


Apple Discontinues iPod Shuffle and Nano


Google Hires Former webOS, Pebble Design Lead to Work on Google Home...


Earnings Confirm Facebook Is Better Investment Than Twitter




More Technology




Commodities


Technology Sector Update for 07/28/2017: MSFT, AAPL, IBM, CSCO,...


Consumer Sector Update for 07/28/2017: WMT, MCD, DIS, CVS, KO, BOJA,...


Never Again: Big Oil Is Back And Practicing Caution




More Commodities



Investing ideas


The Case for 2 Beleaguered Oilfield Service Stocks


Merit Medical Systems (MMSI) Worth a Look: Stock Gains 7.7%


Merck (MRK) Q2 Earnings & Sales Top on Strong Keytruda Sales




More Investing ideas













Market Intelligence



Stay ahead of the markets with these must-read articles



3D Printing is Quietly Thriving Without Mainstream Adoption

Trevir Nath


Nasdaq (NDAQ) 2nd Quarter Profit Surges More Than Twofold

Richard Saintvilus


An In-Depth Look At Baidu's (BIDU) Artificial Intelligence Aspirations

Prableen Bajpai

















Stock Market Today






Stocks to Watch




                  Morning Movers: Exxon Falls, Conoco Gains, Merck Jumps
            






Featured Story from



















Latest Articles by Martin Tillier




                        Martin Tiller's new must-read column on the markets
Enlightening. Entertaining. Every day. Only at NASDAQ.com.



The Case for 2 Beleaguered Oilfield Service Stocks


                                    07/28/2017 9:04 AM
                                


Earnings Confirm Facebook Is Better Investment Than Twitter


                                    07/27/2017 11:06 AM
                                


Eli Lilly (LLY)'s Seemingly Illogical Reaction To Earnings Beat


                                    07/25/2017 10:28 AM
                                


Week Ahead: Earnings Highlights


                                    07/24/2017 10:15 AM
                                


Don't Count OPEC Out Yet


                                    07/21/2017 9:26 AM
                                




More Martin Tillier




























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX








































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Wesco Aircraft Names Todd Renehan CEO And Alex Murray President And COO; David J. Castagnola Retires - TheStreet





























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Wesco Aircraft Names Todd Renehan CEO And Alex Murray President And COO; David J. Castagnola Retires






GlobeNewswire



Apr 28, 2017 4:34 PM EDT













 


















































 VALENCIA, Calif., April 28, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Wesco Aircraft Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:WAIR), the world's leading provider of comprehensive supply chain management services to the global aerospace industry, today announced that it has appointed Todd Renehan as Chief Executive Officer and Alex Murray as President and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Renehan also has been appointed to the Board of Directors as a Class I Director. David J. Castagnola, previously President, Chief Executive Officer, and a member of the company's Board of Directors, has retired from these positions. These executive changes were effective April 26, 2017. Todd Renehan joined Wesco as its Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer in 2014 following Wesco's acquisition of Haas Group International, where he had served as President. "I am honored to take the helm at Wesco Aircraft," said Mr. Renehan. "I am confident we will continue to make progress toward realizing our growth and profitability goals while building on our solid platform to offer an even more compelling value proposition with superior customer service. I believe in the company's future and our ability to deliver for customers, create opportunities for employees, and enhance value for shareholders for years to come." Mr. Murray, now President and Chief Operating Officer, has served as Wesco's Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer since 2010 and has served in various other capacities at Wesco since 2000. "I look forward to advancing Wesco's strategies and operational execution in this new role as President and COO," said Mr. Murray. "Todd and I work well together, and I am pleased to step into this role to support our mutual goals of accelerated growth and expanded leadership in the industry for Wesco Aircraft." "Todd is an accomplished senior executive who has demonstrated his expertise in global operations, sales and marketing since joining Wesco," said Chairman of the Board Randy J. Snyder. "He has proven his ability to drive revenue growth, with many new business wins announced over the past several quarters, and has shown he can skillfully move from vision and strategy to execution and implementation. The Board is confident that Todd will be able to foster a high-performing team and deliver strong results."  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Pack Your Bags, Wesco Aircraft Is Ready to Lift Off
A 50% upside move could be in the flight plan.



Bruce Kamich

Dec 28, 2016 8:32 AM EST
























Insider Trading Alert - FLTX, SHAK And WAIR Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include FLTX, SHAK and WAIR



TheStreet Wire

Jul 25, 2016 10:45 AM EDT
























Wesco Aircraft Holdings (WAIR) Highlighted As Weak On High Volume
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Wesco Aircraft Holdings (WAIR) as a weak on high relative volume candidate



TheStreet Wire

Jul 18, 2016 11:52 AM EDT
























Insider Trading Alert - NRG, HDNG And WAIR Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include NRG, HDNG and WAIR



TheStreet Wire

May 25, 2016 10:30 AM EDT








































 











Trending


I Believe 'Ugly' Would Be the Proper Term for the Selloff: Market Recon


Starbucks Shares Are Crashing; Go Out and Buy!


Amazon Falls, Obamacare Repeal Fails - 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens


Don't Buy the Hype, Twitter Isn't Dead Yet; AT&T, Verizon Prove Their Worth


Stock Futures Lower on Amazon's Earnings Disappointment, U.S. Economy Grows 2.6% in Q2











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 























Todd Renehan | Haas Group International Inc | Email @haasgroupintl.com 











































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Todd Renehan

 Haas Group International Inc  President & Chief Operating Officer




export

















1475 Phoenixville Pike

West Chester, PA 19380


Email format for @haasgroupintl.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Private                
Employees: 
1000 - 4999

Revenue:  
100 - 500 Million

Industry:  
                        Materials/Manufacturing->Chemical Manufacturing                    
SIC Code:  
                         5088  - Transportation Equipment and Supplies








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    Todd Renehan's email address, phone numbers, linkedin account, wiki may be included in Haas Group International Inc's Lead411 profile and other Haas Group International Inc email addresses with the @haasgroupintl.com domain format.  He is part of Haas Group International Inc where he serves as the President & Chief Operating Officer.  Haas Group International Inc's main office is set in West Chester, PA. You can check their contact information on Lead411 under the Chemical manufacturing category.  Some possible email formats for Todd Renehan are TRenehan@haasgroupintl.com, Todd.Renehan@haasgroupintl.com, Todd@haasgroupintl.com, and Todd_Renehan@haasgroupintl.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@haasgroupintl.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Todd R - Other
Todd R's email address, phone numbers, linkedin account, wiki may be included in Matrix Medical Network's Lead411 profile and other Matrix Medical Network email addresses with the @matrixforme.com domain format.  He is part of Matrix Medical Network where he serves as the Custom Solutions Team.  Matrix Medical Network's main office is set in Scottsdale, AZ. You can check their contact information on Lead411 under the Hospitals/clinics category.  Some possible email formats for Todd R are TR@matrixforme.com, Todd.R@matrixforme.com, Todd@matrixforme.com, and Todd_R@matrixforme.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@matrixforme.com addresses.
Todd R - Sales - Marketing
Vita-Mix's Sales is where Todd R is employed. On the other hand, the organization's CEO is Jodi Berg. They are based in Olmsted Falls, OH, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Other biz services industry. Todd R's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and contact information, and you can also find other Vita-Mix email addresses on Lead411 with the @vitamix.com domain.  Some possible email formats for Todd R are TR@vitamix.com, Todd.R@vitamix.com, Todd@vitamix.com, and Todd_R@vitamix.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@vitamix.com addresses.
Todd R. Hollis - Executive
Their Customer Solutions Manager is Todd R. Hollis. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Biotech/drugs industry. If you're checking for The Medicines Company email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @themedicinescompany.com email addresses and possibly Todd R. Hollis's email. The Medicines Company is based in Parsippany, NJ. You can also get Todd R. Hollis's linkedin info, twitter data, phone numbers, wiki and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Biotech/drugs category.  Some possible email formats for Todd R. Hollis are TR. Hollis@themedicinescompany.com, Todd.R. Hollis@themedicinescompany.com, Todd@themedicinescompany.com, and Todd_R. Hollis@themedicinescompany.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@themedicinescompany.com addresses.



Similar Employees:
Thad Fortin - Executive
Have you been looking for contact information, like phone numbers and emails, on Thad Fortin?  Lead411 provides data on him which include twitter, linkedin url, wiki, and biography.  There is also Haas Group International Inc email addresses within the @haasgroupintl.com profile so Thad Fortin's email could be included.  Thad Fortin is part of the Haas Group International Inc which has its main offices in West Chester, PA.  Currently holds the post of CEO.  You can find the company data on Lead411 under the Chemical manufacturing industry.  Some possible email formats for Thad Fortin are TFortin@haasgroupintl.com, Thad.Fortin@haasgroupintl.com, Thad@haasgroupintl.com, and Thad_Fortin@haasgroupintl.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@haasgroupintl.com addresses.
Sheila Heater - Executive
Sheila Heater is the current Infrastructure Project Manager. You can find Sheila Heater's linkedin profile, phone numbers, wiki, twitter, and biography on Haas Group International Inc's Lead411 profile, as well as Haas Group International Inc email addresses with the @haasgroupintl.com domain format. Sheila Heater's email may or may not be inside the profile.  Haas Group International Inc is situated in West Chester, PA. You can find their contact information on Lead411 categorized under Chemical manufacturing.  Some possible email formats for Sheila Heater are SHeater@haasgroupintl.com, Sheila.Heater@haasgroupintl.com, Sheila@haasgroupintl.com, and Sheila_Heater@haasgroupintl.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@haasgroupintl.com addresses.
John Pyle - Executive
Trying to find John Pyle's email, wiki, phone numbers, twitter, biography, and linkedin data?  You can check out Haas Group International Inc's profile on Lead411, where you can also get @haasgroupintl.com contact information.  Haas Group International Inc is an organization centered in West Chester, PA, which you can find on Lead411 under the Chemical manufacturing category.  John Pyle is their Sourcing Manager.  Some possible email formats for John Pyle are JPyle@haasgroupintl.com, John.Pyle@haasgroupintl.com, John@haasgroupintl.com, and John_Pyle@haasgroupintl.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@haasgroupintl.com addresses.

People Directory > Todd Renehan



























Todd Renehan - Wesco Aircraft Insider Transactions | TipRanks   





Go ProLogin / Sign Up Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsInsider DetailsTodd RenehanWesco Aircraft (WAIR)EVP & CCO Not RankedTodd Renehan's PerformanceTodd Renehan has not reported any informative transactions and therefore cannot be ranked.How are Insiders Ranked? Insider Holdings 100.0% Wesco Aircraft (WAIR)$214KSee the Top Stocks by Insiders > Insider RolesWesco Aircraft (WAIR): EVP & CCOSee the Top 25 Corporate Insiders > Todd Renehan's Trading Historybased on Form 4 Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsCompany NameInsider PositionHolding ValueLast TransactionLast Transaction  AmountLast Transaction DateWAIRWesco AircraftEVP & CCO$214,016Uninformative Sell$11,159.94Oct 02, 2015Todd Renehan has not reported any informative transactions for WAIR, therefore, performance cannot be measured. Track Record DateTransactionAmountNo. of SharesPrice per ShareProfitForm 4 Oct 02, 2015 Uninformative Buy $0 12,334 $11.96 N/A  Oct 02, 2015 Uninformative Sell $11K 914 $11.96 N/A  Dec 09, 2014 Uninformative Buy (undisclosed) 8,700 $13.88 N/A See All Insider Trading from Today >You May Also LikeMeet our Smart Portfolio. See what top analysts say about your stocks.Get a breakdown of the different strategies based on detected insider trading activity.Find the best performing Analyst in each sector. Follow them so you never miss a recommendation.Related LinksHow can I benefit from Insider Trading? >See the Top 25 Corporate Insiders >Go to Hot Stocks by Insiders >Find which stocks Insiders traded today >Become a TipRanks MemberGet the best Investing Tips & Hacks straight to your emailFree MembershipSubmitInsider Trading Daily NewsletterProfessional day-trading strategy based on predictive insider transactionsAnnual Return: +85.42%Learn More >Powered by
























