




Hollings Renton - Former President & Chief Executive Officer at Onyx Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Hollings Renton
Former President & Chief Executive Officer at Onyx Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Non-Profit Donations & Grants Political Donations Public Holdings 


Hollings Renton
Former President & Chief Executive Officer at Onyx Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



 Overview



Age



69
                                  (Born 1948)
                                              




Notable Companies


Chiron Corp.

Cetus Corp.

Onyx Pharmaceuticals, Inc.




Board Seats



12





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 820 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Business Wire
February 14, 2017





                        Zymeworks Appoints Dr. Kenneth Hillan and Hollings Renton to its Board of Directors                    





RelSci
October 28, 2015





                        Hollings Chase Renton III is no longer serving in their board position at KYTHERA Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.                    





Marketline Newswire
July 27, 2015





                        AnaptysBio appoints new board members                    





PR Newswire
June 30, 2015





                        AnaptysBio Announces Appointment of Hollings Renton and John Schmid to Board of DirectorsAdds Strategic Planning and Corporate Finance Expertise to Board                    





US Fed News
September 9, 2013





                        WIPO PUBLISHES PATENT OF GENENTECH, FORMA TM, KENNETH W. BAIR, ALEXANDRE J. BUCKMELTER, KANL H. CLODFELTER, PETER DRAGOVICH, JIAN LIN, CHASE C. SMITH, ZHONGGUO WANG, PO-WAI YUEN, MARK ZAK, XIAOZHANG ZHENG, GUILING ZHAO, BINGSONG HAN, XIONGCAI LIU, YAMIN ZHANG, DOMINIC J. REYNOLDS AND TIMM R. BAUMEISTER FOR "AMIDO-BENZYL SULFONE AND SULFONAMIDE DERIVATIVES" (AMERICAN, CHINESE INVENTORS)                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




William Lis

President, Chief Executive Officer & Director at Portola Pharmaceuticals, Inc.




Jean-Jacques Bienaimé

Chief Executive Officer at BioMarin Pharmaceutical, Inc.





Dennis M. Fenton

Chief Executive Officer at Fenton & Associates LLC




Walter H. Moos

Chief Executive Officer at ShangPharma Innovation, Inc.





Laura Brege

Managing Director at Cervantes Life Science Partners LLC




Arlene Morris

Chairman, Neovacs, Inc at Neovacs SA





Hamza Suria

President & Chief Executive Officer at AnaptysBio, Inc.




Ali Tehrani

Founder, President & Chief Executive Officer at Zymeworks, Inc.





Raul R. Rodriguez

President & Chief Executive Officer at Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.




John L. Bishop

Former Chief Executive Officer at Cepheid







See 810 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 810 More 


 


 Paths to Hollings Renton



            Hollings Renton          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Hollings Renton






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Hollings Renton.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



B.S. in Mathematics 


Colorado State University

                  Colorado State University is a public research university located in Fort Collins, in the U.S. state of Colorado. The university is the state's land grant university, and the flagship university of the Colorado State University System. The current enrollment is approximately 32,236 students, including resident and non-resident instruction students and the University is planning on having 35,000 students by 2020. The university has approximately 1,540 faculty in eight colleges and 55 academic departments. Bachelor's degrees are offered in 65 fields of study, with master's degrees in 55 fields. Colorado State confers doctoral degrees in 40 fields of study, in addition to a professional degree in veterinary medicine. Colorado State University is a land-grant institution classified as a Carnegie Doctoral/RU/VH: Research Universities (very high research activity). CSU was founded as Colorado Agricultural College in 1870, six years before the Colorado Territory gained statehood. It was one of 68 land-grant colleges established under the Morrill Act of 1862. Doors opened to a freshman class of 1 student in 1879.                




MBA 


University of Michigan - Stephen M. Ross School of Business

                  The Stephen M. Ross School of Business at the University of Michigan is a vibrant and distinctive learning community grounded in the principle that business can be an extraordinary vehicle for positive change in today's dynamic global economy.

At the Ross School of Business, our mission is to develop leaders who make a positive difference in the world. Through thought and action, members of the Ross community drive change and innovation that improves business and society.                





 Career History



President & Chief Executive Officer

                                    1993 - Prior                


Onyx Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


                  Based in South San Francisco, California, Onyx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a global biopharmaceutical company engaged in the development and commercialization of innovative therapies for improving the lives of people with cancer. At Onyx, we are grounded in three leadership hallmarks that guide how we manage our business and build value for patients and shareholders:  innovation, patient-centeredness and stewardship.                




President & Chief Operating Officer

                                    1991 - 1993                


Chiron Corp.


                  Chiron Corp. provides nucleic acid test for blood screening. Its products include tigris system, target capture system, reagent preparation incubator, and many more. The company was founded in 1981 by William J. Rutter, Edward E. Penhoet & Pablo Valenzuela and is headquartered in Emeryville, CA.                




President

                                    1981 - 1991                


Cetus Corp.







 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Member, Board of Directors

                    2017 - Current                  


Zymeworks, Inc.

                    Zymeworks, Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, which discovers, develops and commercializes biotherapeutics, with a focus on treatment of cancer. Its lead product ZW25, is a novel bispecific antibody currently being evaluated in an adaptive Phase 1 clinical trial. The company engages in preclinical and discovery-stage programs in immuno-oncology and other therapeutic areas. Zymeworks was founded by Anthony Fejes, J. Haig deB Farris, Nick Bedford, Ali Tehrani and Andrew S. Wright in 2003 and is headquartered in Vancouver, Canada.                  




Member, Board of Directors

                    2015 - Current                  


AnaptysBio, Inc.

                    AnaptysBio, Inc. is a biotechnology company, which discovers and develops therapeutic antibodies for inflammation and immuno-oncology. It platforms include therapeutic antibodies, somatic hypermutation and SHM-XEL. The company was founded in 2005 by Andrew B. Cubitt, William J. Boyle and Nicholas B. Lydon and is headquartered in San Diego, CA.                  




Chairman, Board of Directors

                    2010 - Current                  


Portola Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

                    Portola Pharmaceuticals, Inc. engages in the development and commercialization of novel therapeutics in the areas of thrombosis and other hematologic disorders, and inflammation. Its development-stage portfolio consists of the compounds including Betrixaban, a novel oral once-daily inhibitor of Factor Xa in phase three clinical trials for extended duration prophylaxis, or preventive treatment of a form of thrombosis known as venous thromboembolism, in acute medically ill patients; Andexanet alfa, a recombinant protein designed to reverse anticoagulant activity in patients treated with a Factor Xa inhibitor; and Cerdulatinib, an orally available kinase inhibitor that inhibits spleen tyrosine kinase and janus kinases, enzymes that regulate important signaling pathways. The company was founded by Charles J. Homcy and David R. Philips on September 2, 2003 and is headquartered in South San Francisco, CA.                  




Member, Board of Directors

                    2014 - 2015                  


KYTHERA Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.

                    KYTHERA Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. operates as a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. It focuses on the discovery, development, and commercialization of novel prescription products for the aesthetic medicine market. The company was founded by Jay Edward Birnbaum, Amit D. Munshi, Nathaniel Eames David, and Keith R. Leonard, Jr. on June 3, 2004 and is headquartered in Westlake, CA.                  




Chairman, Board of Directors

                    2009 - 2014                  


Affymax, Inc.

                    At Affymax, our mission is to discover, develop and deliver innovative therapies that improve the lives of patients with kidney disease and other serious and often life-threatening illnesses.

Our first marketed product, OMONTYS® (peginesatide) Injection, was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in March 2012. With this approved compound, we plan to establish the company as a supportive partner to physicians and patients                  




Independent Non-Employee Class III Director

                    2000 - 2016                  


Cepheid

                    Cepheid (Nasdaq: CPHD) is a leading molecular diagnostics company that is dedicated to improving healthcare by developing, manufacturing, and marketing accurate yet easy-to-use molecular systems and tests. By automating highly complex and time-consuming manual procedures, the company's solutions deliver a better way for institutions of any size to perform sophisticated genetic testing for organisms and genetic-based diseases. Through its strong molecular biology capabilities, the company is focusing on those applications where accurate, rapid, and actionable test results are needed most, such as managing infectious diseases and cancer.                  




Chairman, Board of Directors

                    1992 - Prior                  


Onyx Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

                    Based in South San Francisco, California, Onyx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a global biopharmaceutical company engaged in the development and commercialization of innovative therapies for improving the lives of people with cancer. At Onyx, we are grounded in three leadership hallmarks that guide how we manage our business and build value for patients and shareholders:  innovation, patient-centeredness and stewardship.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


Sanofi Genzyme

                    Genzyme Corp. develops and manufactures specialty therapeutic, surgical and diagnostic product. It serves in the areas of rare genetic diseases, multiple sclerosis, cardiovascular diseases and endocrinology. The company was founded on June 8, 1981 and is headquartered in Cambridge, MA.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


SangStat Medical Corp.






Member, Board of Directors

                    2004 - ?                  


Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

                    Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a clinical stage biotechnology company. It discovers and develops novel, targeted drugs in the therapeutic areas of immunology, oncology and immune oncology. The company focuses on intracellular signaling pathways and related targets that are critical to disease mechanisms. Its current product development programs include Fostamatinib Oral SYK Inhibitor and R348 Topical Ophthalmic JAK/SYK Inhibitor. Rigel Pharmaceuticals was founded by Donald G. Payan, Garry P. Nolan and Ronald B. Garren on June 14, 1996 and is headquartered in South San Francisco, CA.                  




Non-Profit Boards ▾




Director

                    Prior                  


Biotechnology Innovation Organization

                    Biotechnology Innovation Organization is the world's biotechnology organization, providing advocacy, business development and communications services for more than 1,200 members worldwide. BIO members are involved in the research and development of innovative healthcare, agricultural, industrial and environmental biotechnology technologies. Corporate members range from entrepreneurial companies developing a first product to Fortune 100 multinationals. also represent state and regional biotech associations, service providers to the industry and academic centers.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


Special Olympics of Northern California







 Non-Profit Donations & Grants



$1,000 - $2,499

                  2014
                


American Liver Foundation


                  TO FACILITATE AND PROMOTE EDUCATION, SUPPORT AND RESEARCH FOR THE PREVENTION AND TREATMENT OF LIVER DISEASE.                




$1,000 - $2,499

                  2012
                


American Liver Foundation


                  TO FACILITATE AND PROMOTE EDUCATION, SUPPORT AND RESEARCH FOR THE PREVENTION AND TREATMENT OF LIVER DISEASE.                




$1,000 - $2,499

                  2010
                


American Liver Foundation


                  TO FACILITATE AND PROMOTE EDUCATION, SUPPORT AND RESEARCH FOR THE PREVENTION AND TREATMENT OF LIVER DISEASE.                




$1,000 - $2,499

                  2009
                


American Liver Foundation


                  TO FACILITATE AND PROMOTE EDUCATION, SUPPORT AND RESEARCH FOR THE PREVENTION AND TREATMENT OF LIVER DISEASE.                




$500 - $999

                  2009
                


Humane Society Silicon Valley


                  Humane Society of Silicon Valley is a private company headquartered in Milpitas, CA, involved in membership organizations,.                






See 2 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 2 More 






 Political Donations



$500

                  2008                


Nydia Velzáquez


                  Representative from New York's 7th Congressional District                




$500

                  2005                


Edward Kennedy, Jr.


                  Member (Attorney) at Epstein Becker & Green PC                




$1,000

                  2002                


Gray Davis


                  Former Governor of California                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Hollings Renton is affiliated with
                            Onyx Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Chiron Corp., Cetus Corp., Zymeworks, Inc., AnaptysBio, Inc., Portola Pharmaceuticals, Inc., KYTHERA Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., Affymax, Inc., Cepheid, Onyx Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Sanofi Genzyme, SangStat Medical Corp., Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Biotechnology Innovation Organization, Special Olympics of Northern California.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













 






Hollings C. Renton, Chairman and Lead Director, Portola Pharmaceuticals


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Hollings C. Renton



Chairman and Lead Director
at
Portola Pharmaceuticals


Location: San Francisco, CA





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Hollings C. Renton



Chairman and Lead Director
at
Portola Pharmaceuticals


Location: San Francisco, CA




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Mr. Renton brings extensive biotechnology leadership experience to KYTHERA. He has over 25 years of experience building successful biotechnology companies, commercializing blockbuster products and forging industry-leading partnerships. Mr. Renton served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Onyx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from 1993 to 2008 and as the Chairman of the Board from 2000 to 2008. From 1991 to 1993, he served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Chiron Corporation, a pharmaceutical company, following its acquisition of Cetus Corporation. Prior to the acquisition, he served as President of Cetus Corporation from 1990 to 1991, as Chief Operating Officer from 1987 to 1990, and as Chief Financial Officer from 1983 to 1987. During his tenure at Cetus, Chiron and Onyx, Mr. Renton demonstrated outstanding leadership qualities as well as a deep understanding of the opportunities and challenges faced by evolving biopharmaceutical companies. He has been Chairman of the Board at Portola Pharmaceuticals, Inc. since March 2010 and has served as a director at Cepheid Inc. since March 2000. He previously served as a director of Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Affymax Inc., Sangstat Medical Corporation, Special Olympics Northern California and the Biotechnology Industry Organization. Mr. Renton holds an MBA from the University of Michigan and a BS in Mathematics from Colorado State University.



4

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Pharmaceuticals




Tags
N/A




Topics of Influence












Web Site







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Hollings C. RentonCareer (4)






Feb-2017




Zymeworks



Board Member







Mar-2010




Portola Pharmaceuticals



Chairman and Lead Director







Feb-2000




Cepheid



Board Member







2015 to Jun-2015




Kythera Biopharmaceuticals



Board Member








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Hollings C. RentonEducation






1973



University of Michigan - Stephen M. Ross School of Business


Genearl Management









 Edit



Hollings C. RentonAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Hollings C. Renton






 Edit



Hollings C. RentonLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Hollings C. Renton









Hollings C. RentonInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Hollings C. Renton









Hollings C. RentonInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Hollings C. Renton








Hollings C. RentonRelated People








Colleagues at Portola Pharmaceuticals







Tao Fu

Executive vice president, chief commercial and business officer
Jun-2015









Mardi C. Dier

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Nov-2013









William Lis

Chief executive officer
May-2010









William Lis

Chief Executive Officer
May-2010












View all 



Hollings C. RentonRecommended Market Profiles (8)








Telemedicine

10,000 or More employees
19 companies








Social Media Marketing (ChiefMartec.com)

5,000 - 10,000 employees
111 companies








Big Data Universe List of Lists

10,000 or More employees
533 companies








Aggregated Marketing Technology

10,000 or More employees
2650 companies








Shared Economy Landscape (Jeremiah Owyang)

10,000 or More employees
267 companies








Inside Sales Landscape

10,000 or More employees
650 companies


























Board of Directors | Portola Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
























































 



























				                      Menu         
				                  


About Us

Executives
Board of Directors
Scientific Advisory Board
Collaborations
Business Development


Pipeline

Andexanet alfa
Cerdulatinib
Syk-Specific Inhibitors


Products

Bevyxxa®


Healthcare Professionals

About VTE
Medical Information Requests
Medical Education Grants


Careers

College Internships
Total Rewards Program
Staffing Agencies and Recruiters


Media
Investors
 



 




About UsExecutives
Board of Directors
Scientific Advisory Board
Collaborations
Business Development

 



Board of Directors


Our Board of Directors is considered one of the industry’s best. It is comprised of leaders with a magnitude of experience in the best practices of running public companies, including development, commercialization, operations, global expansion, finance, and other crucial aspects of operating a successful public company.

JEFFREY BIRD, M.D., Ph.D.
Managing Director, Sutter Hill Ventures
LAURA BREGE
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Nodality, Inc.
DENNIS FENTON, Ph.D.
Owner and Chief Executive Officer, Fenton and Associates
CHARLES HOMCY, M.D.
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Portola Pharmaceuticals
JOHN H. JOHNSON
Founder, Plum Brook Advisors
WILLIAM LIS
Chief Executive Officer, Portola Pharmaceuticals
HOLLINGS C. RENTON
Chairman of the Board
DAVID C. STUMP, M.D.
Former Executive Vice President, Research and Development, Human Genome Sciences, Inc.
H. WARD WOLFF
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Sangamo BioSciences, Inc.



JEFFREY BIRD, M.D., Ph.D.
Managing Director, Sutter Hill Ventures 
Jeffrey Bird, M.D., Ph.D., is a managing director at Sutter Hill Ventures, where he focuses on healthcare, including biotechnology and medical devices. In addition to Portola, he is currently a board member at AkaRx, Inc. (cancer and hematology therapeutics), Macusight (ophthalmic therapeutics), NuGen Technologies (research reagents), Restoration Robotics (aesthetic surgery devices), Roxro Pharma (pain therapeutics) and Xoft Microtube (cancer radiation devices). He also represents the firm’s investments in Acceleron Pharmaceuticals (metabolic therapeutics) and Barrx (gastrointestinal devices). Dr. Bird was previously senior vice president, business operations at Gilead Sciences, where he worked from 1988 to 1990 and then from 1992 to 2000. He received his B.S. from Stanford, a Ph.D. in cancer biology and an M.D. from Stanford Medical School.
Back to top



LAURA BREGE
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Nodality, Inc.
Laura Brege is the former president and chief executive officer of Nodality, Inc., a private company focused on innovative personalized medicine. Prior to joining Nodality in September 2012, Ms. Brege held several senior-level positions at Onyx Pharmaceuticals, Inc., from June 2006 to December 2011, including executive vice president and chief operating officer. While at Onyx, she led multiple functions, including commercialization, strategic planning, corporate development, and medical, scientific and government affairs. Before joining Onyx, Ms. Brege was a general partner at Red Rock Capital Management, a venture capital firm specializing in early stage financing for technology companies, since 1999. Prior to Red Rock, she was the senior vice president and chief financial officer at COR Therapeutics. Earlier in her career, Ms. Brege served as vice president and chief financial officer at Flextronics and vice president and treasurer of The Cooper Companies. In addition to Portola, Ms. Brege currently sits on the boards of directors of the public companies Acadia Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Aratana Therapeutics, Inc., and Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Ms. Brege earned her B.A. from Ohio University (Honors Tutorial College) and an M.B.A. from the University of Chicago.
Back to top



DENNIS FENTON, Ph.D.
Owner and Chief Executive Officer, Fenton and Associates
Dennis Fenton, Ph.D., is the owner and chief executive officer of Fenton and Associates, a biotechnology consulting firm. Prior to founding Fenton and Associates, Dr. Fenton served as executive vice president of operations at Amgen, where he was responsible for worldwide operations, manufacturing, process development and quality. Dr. Fenton joined Amgen in 1982 and held numerous executive leadership roles in operations and sales and marketing. In addition to Portola, he serves on the boards of directors of Kythera Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., Hospira, Inc., Dendreon Corporation, Nora Therapeutics and XenoPort, Inc. He also serves on the board of trustees of the Keck Graduate Institute. Dr. Fenton was previously a director of the Genzyme Corporation, Genelux Corporation and Amira Pharmaceuticals. He received a B.S. in Biology from Manhattan College and a Ph.D. in Microbiology from Rutgers University.
Back to top



CHARLES HOMCY, M.D.
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Portola Pharmaceuticals 
Charles Homcy, M.D., is a venture partner at Third Rock Ventures. He co-founded Portola Pharmaceuticals in 2003 and served as president and chief executive officer from that time until April 2010. Prior to that, he was president, research and development at Millennium following Millennium’s acquisition of COR Therapeutics in 2002. Dr. Homcy joined COR in 1995 as executive vice president, research and development, and served as a director of the company from 1998 to 2002. He has been a clinical professor of medicine at the University of California, San Francisco Medical School and attending physician at the San Francisco VA Hospital since 1997. He was previously president of the medical research division of American Cyanamid-Lederle Laboratories, a division of Wyeth. Dr. Homcy serves on the board of directors of Geron Corporation. Dr. Homcy received his A.B. and M.D. degrees from Johns Hopkins University.
Back to top



JOHN H. JOHNSON
Founder, Plum Brook Advisors
John Johnson is a recognized leader in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry with more than three decades of experience. Mr. Johnson has held executive management roles at leading global corporations, including Johnson & Johnson, Eli Lilly & Company, ImClone and Pfizer, Inc. He recently served as a member of the board of directors of Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA) and as a member of the Health Section Governing Board of the Biotechnology Industry Organization (BIO). He also served as chairman, president and chief executive officer of Dendreon Corporation and as chief executive officer and a member of the board of directors of Savient Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Prior to these roles, Mr. Johnson served as president of Eli Lilly & Company’s Oncology Unit, following the company’s 2008 acquisition of Imclone Systems, Inc., where he served as chief executive officer and a member of ImClone’s Board of Directors. Prior to Imclone, Mr. Johnson served as the company group chairman of Biopharmaceuticals within Johnson & Johnson, where he was responsible for the Johnson & Johnson Biotechnology, Immunology and Oncology commercial businesses. Prior to that role, Mr. Johnson held several executive positions at Johnson & Johnson, Parkstone Medical Information Systems, Inc., Ortho-McNeil Pharmaceutical Corp. and Pfizer, Inc. He previously served as chairman of Tranzyme Pharma, Inc. and as a member of the board of BioNJ. Mr. Johnson is currently a member of the board of directors of Cempra Inc. and Histogenics Corporation.
Back to top



WILLIAM LIS
Chief Executive Officer, Portola Pharmaceuticals 
William Lis joined Portola in 2008 as chief business officer and chief operating officer and was appointed chief executive officer in May 2010, with over 25 years of biopharmaceutical experience. Under his leadership, Portola has advanced several novel compounds into clinical development, successfully raised over $1.2 billion in private and public financings, including an initial public offering in 2013, and executed multiple partnerships for its programs.
 Mr. Lis previously held positions at Scios, Inc. (a Johnson & Johnson company) where he last served as vice president, business and commercial operations, having successfully in-licensed and led strategic development and commercial launch operations for Xarelto® (rivaroxaban). Prior to joining Scios, he was senior director of marketing and new products for Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (previously COR Therapeutics, Inc.), where he managed Integrilin® (eptifibatide) marketing and project leadership for preclinical programs. Earlier in his career, he was involved in the U.S. sales launch and commercialization of several products, including Lovenox® (enoxaparin) while at Rhone-Poulenc Rorer.
 Mr. Lis holds a B.S. from the University of Maryland.
Back to top



HOLLINGS C. RENTON
Chairman of the Board 
Hollings C. Renton previously served as president and chief executive officer, director and chairman of the board of Onyx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. From 1991 to 1993, he served as president and chief operating officer of Chiron Corporation, a pharmaceutical company, following its acquisition of Cetus Corporation. Prior to the acquisition, he served as president of Cetus Corporation from 1990 to 1991, as chief operating officer from 1987 to 1990, and as chief financial officer from 1983 to 1987. Mr. Renton currently serves as a director at Cepheid Inc. and Kythera Biopharmaceuticals. He previously served as a director of Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Affymax Inc., Sangstat Medical Corporation, Special Olympics Northern California and the Biotechnology Industry Organization. Mr. Renton holds a B.S. in mathematics from Colorado State University and an M.B.A. from the University of Michigan.
Back to top



DAVID C. STUMP, M.D.
Former Executive Vice President, Research and Development, Human Genome Sciences, Inc. 
David Stump, M.D., was most recently executive vice president, research and development at Human Genome Sciences, Inc., serving there from November 1999 until December 2012. Prior to joining Human Genome Sciences, Dr. Stump held roles of increasing responsibility at Genentech, Inc., from 1989 to 1999, most recently as vice president, clinical research, and was named a Genentech Fellow in 1996. Prior to joining Genentech, Dr. Stump was an associate professor of medicine and biochemistry at the University of Vermont. He is a member of the board of directors of Sunesis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and MacroGenics Inc., and a member of the board of trustees of Earlham College. He earned an A.B. from Earlham College and an M.D. at Indiana University, followed by residency and fellowship training in internal medicine, hematology and oncology, and biochemistry at the University of Iowa, then by further postgraduate training in hemostasis and thrombosis at the University of Leuven, Belgium. He is board certified in internal medicine, hematology, and medical oncology, and is a Fellow of the American College of Physicians and the Council on Arteriosclerosis, Thrombosis, and Vascular Biology of the American Heart Association.
Back to top



H. WARD WOLFF
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Sangamo BioSciences, Inc. 
Ward Wolff was most recently executive vice president and chief financial officer of Sangamo BioSciences, serving there from December 2007 to March 2017. Mr. Wolff was formerly with Nuvelo, Inc., where he served as senior vice president, finance and chief financial officer until its restructuring in August 2007. Prior to joining Nuvelo, he was chief financial officer and senior vice president, finance, of Abgenix, Inc. until April 2006 when Abgenix merged with Amgen Inc. Prior to joining Abgenix, Mr. Wolff held financial management positions in both public and private emerging growth companies, including serving as senior vice president and chief financial officer of DoubleTwist, Inc., a life sciences company integrating genomic information and bioinformatics analysis tools. He began his career with Price Waterhouse, where he held a number of positions as a certified public accountant, including senior audit manager. Mr. Wolff received a B.A. in economics from the University of California, Berkeley, and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.
Back to top


 





 

 

 

 






© 2017 Portola Pharmaceuticals, Inc. All rights reserved.Contact Us   |   Terms of Use   |   Privacy Policy 

















Renton, Hollings C. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Hollings C. Renton
HOLLINGS C. RENTON was appointed Chairman of the Board of Onyx
Pharmaceuticals in June 2000, where he has served as President and Chief
Executive Officer since joining the company in March 1993. Prior to
Onyx, Mr. Renton was President and Chief Operating Officer of Chiron
Corporation. He assumed that position in 1991 on Chiron’s acquisition of
Cetus Corporation, where he had been President since 1990 and Chief
Operating Officer since 1987. He holds an MBA from the University of
Michigan. Mr. Renton serves as a member of the board of Cepheid, Rigel
Pharmaceuticals, Inc., the Biotechnology Industry Organization (BIO) and
Special Olympics Northern California.
Related Interviews:HOLLINGS RENTON - ONYX PHARMACEUTICALS INC (ONYX)July 05, 2004Hollings Renton - Onyx Pharmaceuticals Inc (onxx)October 17, 2003Hollings Renton - Onyx Pharmaceuticals Inc (onxx)June 02, 2003Hollings Renton - Onyx Pharmaceuticals Inc (onxx)October 12, 2001Hollings Renton - Onyx Pharmaceuticals (onxx)June 07, 2001Hollings C. Renton -  Onyx Pharmaceuticals Inc (onxx)January 13, 2000Hollings C. Renton -  Onyx Pharmaceuticals Inc (onyx)December 14, 1998







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google















Hollings Renton | Cepheid | Email Product Manager | @cepheid.com | Phone: (408) 541-4191








































 









 



  Business Card for Hollings Renton:


  Hollings Renton
 Product Manager
Sunnyvale, CA area 





Cepheid 
 
                  904 E Caribbean Dr                  

Sunnyvale, CA 94089  

                  Tel: (408) 541-4191 

www.cepheid.com
 Last updated on 2016-05-09 

  Get Contact Info >>
                  it's free and takes 20 seconds






 Opt Out or Update this Contact:
 Opt Out
Update name
Update title
Update phone
Update email
Not at this company anymore 






 

 About Hollings Renton:

Hollings Renton  works as an Product Manager for Cepheid at Sunnyvale, CA.  The company's webpage is http://www.cepheid.com.
                  For email, phone number and executive profiles for Product Manager and other executives of Cepheid at Sunnyvale, CA, check
                  Cepheid                  at Joesdata.com. Not the Hollings Renton you are looking for? Do a quick search in our website and find other people named Hollings Renton. 

 Hollings Renton's Work History:
               
                No information available.. 


 Hollings Renton's Education:
                
                No information available.. 


 Hollings Renton's Co-workers:
                
                As of July 23, 2017, Hollings Renton has
                126                co-workers under the company name
                Cepheid                at Joesdata.com. 






 About Cepheid:

                    Cepheid is a molecular diagnostics company that develops, manufactures and markets integrated systems for testing in the Clinical market, as well as for application in its Non-Clinical biothreat, industrial and partner markets. Its systems enable molecular testing for organisms and genetic-based diseases by automating otherwise complex manual laboratory procedures. Its two principal systems are the GeneXpert and SmartCycler. The GeneXpert system, its primary offering in the Clinical market, integrates sample preparation in addition to Deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) amplification and detection. The GeneXpert system is designed for a range of user types ranging from reference laboratories and hospital central laboratories to satellite testing locations, such as emergency departments and intensi......      (Source: SEC reports)  

Company News:
2016-10-24 22:02:12Cepheid Announces Receipt of Required Regulatory Clearances in Proposed Acquisition by Danaher Corporation2016-10-05 21:36:36New Bladder Cancer Test Could Reduce Number Of Invasive Procedures Required For Recurrence Monitoring2016-09-15 21:36:42Cepheid Announces Expansion Of The Most Comprehensive Molecular C. Difficile Product Portfolio On The Market2016-09-06 22:00:51Cepheid Agrees To Be Acquired By Danaher Corporation For $53 Per Share In Cash2016-09-06 20:48:17Cepheid's Xpert TV Now Cleared For Testing Symptomatic And Asymptomatic Men2016-07-21 15:27:52Cepheid Announces Partner Distribution Agreement With Medline2016-07-21 12:11:11Cepheid Announces Results Of Validation Study For Use Of Xpert HPV In Primary Cervical Cancer Screening2016-07-21 12:00:14US National TB Controllers Association And Association Of Public Health Laboratories Issue Guidance For Use Of Xpert MTB/RIF To Support Respiratory Isolation Decisions2016-07-18 16:15:59Opening Of Hammersmith Clinic Furthers The Revolution In Sexual Health Diagnostic Services 
 
People in the same industry:

Jessica BaronsDirector, Business DevelopmentRho, Inc.Raymond UrsickChief Regulatory OfficerBioEnterprise CorporationSamuel WhitakerFounder and Board MemberGreenphire LLCDavid GrahamVP ,Program & Alliance ManagementAVEO Oncology, Inc.Art BlumSenior DirectorBioMarin Pharmaceutical, Inc.Kevin McDermottVP ,Managed MarketsDaiichi Sankyo Company, INC 







 











 














About Us 
Privacy 
Terms of Use 
Work for Us
Contact Us



People Directory:
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
Company Directory:
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z













Copyright ©  2017 Joesdata.com All Rights Reserved.




   Hollings Renton | Onyx Pharmaceuticals , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com






Hollings Renton | Directors and Boards
























Skip to main content










Login
 Username *
 Password *


GO >
Forgot password?  Not a Subscriber? 

















Search form
Search











Toggle navigation






















 













Mr. Hollings C. RentonFrom 2000 until his retirement in 2008 he was chairman of Onyx Pharmaceuticals Inc., where he previously served as president and CEO from 1993. He had also served as president and COO of Chiron Corp., which in 1991 acquired Cetus Corp., where he had been president and COO.2009 Second QuarterAdded to: Affymax Inc. - Palo Alto, CAAffymax is a biopharmaceutical company with a lead product candidate for the treatment of anemia. Revenues are $92 million.















 















 








 



Zymeworks Appoints Dr. Kenneth Hillan and Hollings Renton to its Board of Directors | Business Wire
























































Zymeworks Appoints Dr. Kenneth Hillan and Hollings Renton to its 
      Board of Directors




Dr. Donald Drakeman Transitions to Advisor






February 14, 2017 05:00 AM Eastern Standard Time



VANCOUVER, Canada--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Zymeworks Inc. (“Zymeworks”), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company 
      dedicated to the discovery, development and commercialization of 
      next-generation multifunctional biotherapeutics, initially focused on 
      the treatment of cancer, today announced that Dr. Kenneth Hillan, CEO of 
      Achaogen Inc., and Hollings Renton, former CEO and President of Onyx 
      Pharmaceuticals Inc., have been appointed to Zymeworks’ board of 
      directors.
    

      Concurrent with the appointment of Dr. Hillan and Mr. Renton, Zymeworks 
      also announces that Dr. Donald Drakeman has retired from the Company’s 
      board of directors, and is transitioning to the position of special 
      advisor to Zymeworks and the board of directors. Dr. Drakeman will 
      continue to contribute his knowledge and perspective to Zymeworks’ 
      management and the board of directors.
    

      “We are delighted to welcome Kenneth and Hollings to our board of 
      directors,” said Ali Tehrani, Ph.D., Zymeworks’ President & CEO. “Their 
      collective experience working at the highest levels of the biotech and 
      pharmaceutical industries will provide Zymeworks with valuable guidance 
      as we move our lead product candidate, ZW25, through clinical trials and 
      our preclinical assets closer to the clinic. We would also like thank 
      Don for his service on the board since 2010. We look forward to 
      continuing to benefit from his expertise as advisor to Zymeworks”
    

      “Zymeworks’ next-generation therapies aim to advance the practice of 
      medicine and make patients’ lives better, which is one of the most 
      important contributions we can make to the healthcare challenges we face 
      today,” said Dr. Hillan. “I look forward to working with the board 
      members and the Zymeworks leadership team to support the company’s 
      mission of creating biotherapeutics that allow patients to return home 
      to their loved ones, disease free.”
    

      Mr. Renton added, “I am very pleased to join Zymeworks’ board of 
      directors, and to work with the team to advance their versatile 
      bispecific antibody capabilities. Zymeworks is well-positioned with 
      their lead product candidate in clinical trials, and an exciting 
      preclinical pipeline.”
    

      Dr. Kenneth J. Hillan is the CEO of Achaogen Inc. He has served as CEO 
      and a member of the board of directors of Achaogen since October 2011. 
      Prior to joining Achaogen, Dr. Hillan worked at Genentech Inc., a 
      pharmaceutical company and a member of the Roche Group. Dr. Hillan 
      worked in progressively senior roles after joining Genentech in 1994. He 
      was responsible for numerous successful drug approvals and led the 
      medical and scientific strategies for Genentech’s immunology, tissue 
      growth and repair drug portfolio. Dr. Hillan also served on the board of 
      directors of Relypsa Inc., a publicly traded biotechnology company that 
      was acquired in 2016 by Galencia AG for $1.5 billion. Dr. Hillan has an 
      M.B. Ch.B. (Bachelor of Medicine and Surgery) degree from the Faculty of 
      Medicine at the University of Glasgow in the United Kingdom. Dr. Hillan 
      is a Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons, and a Fellow of the Royal 
      College of Pathologists. Dr. Hillan has authored dozens of scientific 
      publications and is a named inventor on approximately 50 issued patents.
    

      Hollings Renton served as CEO and President of Onyx Pharmaceuticals, 
      Inc. from 1993 to 2008 and was the chairperson of the board of directors 
      of Onyx from 2000 to 2008. Onyx was acquired by Amgen Inc. in 2013 for 
      $10.4 billion. Before joining Onyx, Mr. Renton was the President and 
      Chief Operating Officer of Chiron Corporation, a pharmaceutical company. 
      Mr. Renton served in a variety of executive roles at Cetus Corporation 
      from 1983 prior to its acquisition by Chiron in 1991. Mr. Renton 
      currently serves as chairperson of the board of directors of Portola 
      Pharmaceuticals Inc. and on the board of directors of AnaptysBio Inc. 
      Mr. Renton received his M.B.A. from the University of Michigan and his 
      B.S. in Mathematics from Colorado State University.
    

About Zymeworks Inc.


      Zymeworks is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the 
      discovery, development and commercialization of next-generation 
      multifunctional biotherapeutics, initially focused on the treatment of 
      cancer. Zymeworks’ suite of complementary therapeutic platforms and its 
      fully-integrated drug development engine provide the flexibility and 
      compatibility to precisely engineer and develop highly-differentiated 
      product candidates. Zymeworks’ lead product candidate, ZW25, is a novel 
      bispecific antibody currently being evaluated in an adaptive Phase 1 
      clinical trial. Zymeworks is also advancing a deep pipeline of 
      preclinical product candidates and discovery-stage programs in 
      immuno-oncology and other therapeutic areas. In addition to Zymeworks’ 
      wholly-owned pipeline, its therapeutic platforms have been further 
      leveraged through multiple strategic partnerships with global 
      biopharmaceutical companies.
    




Contacts

Zymeworks Inc.Investor InquiriesDavid Matousek, 
      604-678-1388Senior Manager, Investor Relations & Corporate 
      Communicationsir@zymeworks.com



















Contacts

Zymeworks Inc.Investor InquiriesDavid Matousek, 
      604-678-1388Senior Manager, Investor Relations & Corporate 
      Communicationsir@zymeworks.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







Hollings  Renton - Portland, OR | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Hollings  Renton in Portland, OR


Hollings  Renton

                                                                           Intelius found that Hollings  Renton  is  a male between 70 and 70 years old from Portland, OR.  We have connected them to
                16 addresses,
                18 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Hollings Chase Renton
H C Renton


Get Report Now

Age

Hollings  Renton is in his 70s

Hollings Has Lived In

Portland, OR
Sunnyvale, CA
Bend, OR

Hollings's Relatives

Alexa Scholz
Mary Renton
Chase Renton







Hollings  Renton



Zodiac SignScorpio



GenderMale



Professional Status
Member, Board Of Directors at Cepheid Incorporated



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Hollings? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Hollings, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Hollings  Renton
Get a Criminal Check on Hollings  Renton
Get a Public Record Report on Hollings  Renton
Get a People Search Report on Hollings  Renton


Hollings  Renton's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Hollings  Renton has lived as well as Hollings  Renton's phone numbers and email addresses.




Hollings  Renton Has Lived in 2 States
Oregon Address for Hollings  Renton


1025 N* C**** S* 

Portland, OR


Has Lived In

Portland, OR
Sunnyvale, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Hollings  Renton

(971) ***-**** - Portland, OR 
(760) ***-**** - Rancho Mirage, CA 
(925) ***-**** - Orinda, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Hollings  Renton

h*****n@***.com
h*************n@***.net
h*****n@***.com


Get Email Report




Hollings  Renton's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Hollings  Renton's academic history.  Find out which schools Hollings  Renton attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Hollings  Renton received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Hollings  Renton Has Attended 2 Schools
University of Michigan - Stephen M. Ross School of Business 1971 – 1973               Hollings  Renton has a MBA in Genearl Management               
University of Michigan - Stephen M. Ross School of Business               1971 – 1973               Hollings  Renton has a MBA, Genearl Management in Genearl Management               


Hollings  Renton's Professional Information
Information regarding Hollings  Renton's professional history.  Find out previous places Hollings  Renton has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Hollings  Renton Has Worked at 17 Places
Company: Cepheid Incorporated
               Title: Member, Board Of Directors
Company: Portola Pharmaceuticals , Inc.
               Title: Co-chairman And Lead Director
Hollings  Renton's Experience
Title: Member, Board Of Directors
               Company: Cepheid Incorporated
Job Details
               Company Size: $250 mil to less than $500 mil - Employee Range: 1,000 to less than 5,000
Title: Co-chairman And Lead Director
               Company: Portola Pharmaceuticals , Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: $10 mil to less than $25 mil - Employee Range: 25 to less than 100
Additional Professional Information on Hollings  Renton

 See Hollings  Renton's LinkedIn Profile



Hollings  Renton's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Hollings  Renton


Hollings  Renton's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Hollings  Renton's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Hollings Renton
Username Matches

                  HollingsRenton
                  RentonHollings
                  Hollings.Renton
                  Renton.Hollings
                  Hollings_Renton
                  Renton_Hollings
                  Hollings-Renton
                  Renton-Hollings
                  HRenton
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
H Renton







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











