



ReplyYes | Conversational Commerce | E-Commerce over Mobile Messaging






































ReplyYes















ReplyYes
E-commerce over mobile messaging.
ReplyYes is the leading message-based commerce platform to engage and transact with your customers. Personal. Easy. Instant.

View Demos















How ReplyYes Works
Your customers are passionate about your products. Engage them where they spend their time - messaging on their mobile phones.  ReplyYes sends personalized product recommendations. Our platform learns from customer feedback to create an experience that is totally unique to each person and brand.








We Message Them
A personalized message with something theyâll really love.





They Reply 'Yes'
Whenever they see something they want, they just reply 'Yes' to buy.





Their Stuff Appears
Once their package is on its way, they get a message with its tracking number.





View Demos














Why Use ReplyYes?










Grow E-commerce Revenue



Increase conversions and purchases with mobile messaging.








Improve Customer Experience



Help customers discover your products and instantly purchase things they love.








Increase Customer Engagement



Have a direct, two-way conversation with your customers via messaging.














See ReplyYes in Action


















Say YES to a new way to buy vinyl.
Start your vinyl collection (or fill in the gaps!) with our picks of essential records. Get daily vinyl offers via text, tailored to your taste.

Check It Out




















We bring the Marvel, DC, and other universes to you.
Origin Bound is the easiest way to buy your favorite graphic novels and discover new ones.

Check It Out




















Get cutting edge apps before anyone else.
Lowercase founders and friends build some of the best apps in the world. Now you can be the first to try them before they launch.

Check It Out

















Interested in ReplyYes?
We're working with innovative brands to bring mobile messaging commerce to their customers.Give us a shout and let's chat.






 Thanks for reaching out, we'll be in touch soon!
Something went wrong! Sorry about that. Could you please try again?






Submit




















ReplyYes: Articles, Info, Video | Fast Company











Fast CompanyNewsletterSubscribefast companyhomepagetechnologyleadershipentertainmentideasvideonewsco.Designhomepagecitiesgraphicsinnovation by designinteractiveproductspacescollectionsThe Most Innovative CompaniesThe top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more.Most Creative PeopleMeet this year's inspiring leaders.Innovation By DesignA showcase for ingenious design solutions.Future of PhilanthropyInside The Changing World Of GivingWorld Changing IdeasNew workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system.Work SmartThe apps, tips, tactics, and brain hacks to help you work smarter instead of harder.FastCo.Works StudioAn award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers who tell brand stories through Fast Company’s distinctive lens.Current IssueCurrent IssueSUBSCRIBEFollow us:advertisementMost Innovative CompaniesReplyYesSince launching in 2015, ReplyYes has managed to sell more than $1 million worth of vinyl records to music fans. But it’s not just another e-commerce website: The Edit, the startup’s virtual vinyl shop, is actually a chatbot powered by artificial intelligence. It sends personalized recommendations to users, who respond via text to either decline (and help fine-tune the recommendations) or buy the album. Over time, The Edit’s recommendation engine gets smarter about people’s music tastes, like an experienced record store clerk—without all the pretentiousness. Awards2017: MusicDatastaff: 12users: 45,000headquarters: Seattle, WashingtonReplyYes On The WebTwitterWebsiteRead MoreadvertisementadvertisementIdeasIdeasWhat Little Free Pantries Say About Hunger In AmericaIdeasThis Dam Has Been A Disaster–Can Turning It Into a Solar Plant Save It?IdeasAutomated Buses Are Here, Now We Have To Decide How They Will Reshape Our CitiesEntertainmentEntertainment“Stranger Things 2” Thriller, Gucci Goes Trekkie: The Top 5 Ads Of The WeekEntertainmentKesha Goes Back Into Old Home Movies In New Anti-Nostalgic Music VideoEntertainmentPanorama Is Around The Corner: This Week In MusicCo.DesignProductThis Airbnb For Great Architecture Is Curated By Two ArchitectsGraphicsThis Photo Captures Every Color In A Single Twinkling StarGraphicsThe Designer Of The Transgender Flag Is A Navy VeteranFast CompanyTechnologyEscalating Sweatshop Protests Keep Nike SweatingLeadershipThe Real Reason Why You’re Easily Distracted Has Nothing To Do With TechnologyLeadershipScoop! This Woman Tastes Ice Cream For A Living








ReplyYes, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:32 AM ET
Media

Company Overview of ReplyYes, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
ReplyYes, Inc. provides product buying via text message. The company is based in Seattle, Washington.


999 3rd Avenue34th FloorSeattle, WA 98104United States



replyyes.com







Key Executives for ReplyYes, Inc.


ReplyYes, Inc. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



ReplyYes, Inc. Key Developments

ReplyYes Announces Executive Changes
Apr 13 17
ReplyYes announced three senior leadership appointments to its executive management team to help guide the company's rapid growth. All new appointees will report directly to ReplyYes CEO Dave Cotter. Trevor Inman will assume the role of Chief Technology Officer (CTO), where he will be responsible for overseeing the technical direction and strategy of the company, working with executive management to grow ReplyYes through the use of disruptive technology. Prior to ReplyYes, Inman was a Principal Engineer on the personalization team at ecommerce pioneer Zulily and previously held senior engineering positions at PivotLink and MessageGate. Inman has been a Product Architect at ReplyYes since 2015 and holds a degree in Computer Science from Pacific Lutheran University. Brett Goodwin has been named Vice President of Platform Strategy and Products, where he will be responsible for ReplyYes' white label platform that enables brands and artists to directly engage and transact with their customers over mobile messaging. Prior to ReplyYes, Goodwin held executive management roles at Qumulo, Skytap, Isilon Systems, RealNetworks, and McCaw Cellular. Marie Sheel was promoted to Vice President of Operations, overseeing day-to-day operations to support ReplyYes' customer success and bottom line. In her new role, Sheel will focus on strategic business planning and operational execution across functions to achieve the company's goals.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 "It" Girl Public Relations United States +SmithGifford, Inc. United States .TV Technologies, Inc. United States @International Services, Inc. United States 1 Chronicles 14, L.P. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      June 30, 2017
			    
--



Private Placement

			      December 2, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact ReplyYes, Inc., please visit replyyes.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close









































Origin Bound: Graphic Novels



















Privacy Policy


        Terms of Sale
      

Terms of Use



ORIGIN BOUND
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE

LAST REVISED ON: April 11, 2016


          The foregoing terms and conditions of sale (“Sale Terms”) apply to your purchases of any 
          products from ReplyYes, Inc. DBA Origin Bound ("Origin Bound”) through the Origin Bound 
          service, including all purchases from websites, mobile sites, applications, mobile texting 
          services, and other online services that link to these Origin Bound Sale Terms (the 
          “Service”). By replying “Yes” and placing an order (an “Order”) for products through the 
          Service, you agree to be bound by and accept the terms and conditions in effect at the time 
          of such Order. These Sales Terms are subject to change without prior written notice at any 
          time, in Origin Bound’s sole discretion. These terms and conditions may NOT be altered, 
          supplemented, or amended by your use of any other documents, and all sales are expressly 
          conditioned upon your agreement to these terms and conditions. 
         



Placing an Order

              We will periodically send offers to your mobile device via text message or other mobile
              messaging platforms to purchase certain merchandise (each an “Offer”). You place an 
              Order by responding “Yes” to the Offer. When you respond “Yes,” you automatically 
              purchase the last Offer you received. You agree to accept responsibility for all Orders and 
              other activities that occur through your mobile device to Origin Bound. You may also place 
              an Order with Origin Bound via other methods, such as through our customer service 
              representatives.
            


Payment Terms

              Before Origin Bound can fulfill your first Order, you will need to provide your credit card
              information through a secure payment provider (e.g. Stripe). When you place Orders by 
              responding “Yes,” you authorize us to charge that credit card for amount due for the item 
              ordered. If you wish to change your payment information, you may text Origin Bound, and 
              we will send you a link to update the information.
            


Shipping Terms and Policies

              After receipt of your order from one of our suppliers (which typically takes between 5 – 10
              business days), Origin Bound endeavors to ship all Orders for in stock items within 2 
              business days, and standard delivery generally takes between 2-10 business days once the 
              Order has shipped. However, order placement, shipping and delivery times may vary, and 
              you should allow 3-5 weeks for delivery from time of Order. All shipping charges are the 
              responsibility of the customer. Shipping charges will be listed in the Offer and will be 
              included in the amount charged to your credit card.
            


Cancellation

              You may cancel your Order by replying CANCEL within 1 hour of purchase. After that, your 
              order is in process, and you may not cancel an Order. We reserve the right to cancel your 
              Order at any time prior to shipment, and if we do so, we will promptly notify you by text.
            


Return and Exchange Policies

              We will gladly accept any defective or incorrect merchandise for return and replacement
              provided that the request for return is made to Origin Bound within thirty (30) days of 
              purchase and the defective or incorrect merchandise is accompanied by the original 
              packaging and a copy of the packing slip. If for some reason the defective merchandise 
              cannot be replaced, you will receive a full refund. We will issue you a pre-paid label for 
              return postage, but we will not reimburse you for the initial shipping cost.
            


Product Availability and Pricing

              Origin Bound may revise or discontinue products at any time without prior notice to
              customers, and products may become unavailable to customers even after an Order is 
              placed and confirmed. Receipt of a confirmation from Origin Bound is not a guarantee of 
              availability. If for some reason an item on your Order is unavailable, we will notify you and 
              cancel your Order. All prices will be as listed in the Offer. Prices are subject to change 
              without notice.
            


Product Descriptions; Pricing; Errors

              Origin Bound attempts to be as accurate as possible. However, we do not warrant that
              product descriptions, photographs, pricing or other content of this site is accurate, 
              complete, reliable, current, or error-free. In addition, all weights and size dimensions are 
              approximate. If a product offered by Origin Bound is not as described or pictured, your sole 
              remedy is to return it in unused condition for a refund. In the event of an error in pricing,  
              we reserve the right to correct such error and charge the correct price or cancel the Order, 
              and your sole remedy in the event of such error is to cancel your Order.
            


Privacy Policy

              Origin Bound believes strongly in protecting user privacy. Please refer to our 
              Privacy Policy 
              for information on how Origin Bound collects and uses personal information from 
              users of the Service.
            


Who We Sell To

              Origin Bound only sells products to adults. If you are under 18, you may use our Site only
              with involvement of a parent or guardian. By subscribing to the Service, you are 
              representing and warranting that you are 18 or over. Origin Bound reserves the right to 
              refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel Orders in its sole 
              discretion.
            


Warranties

              ANY WARRANTY ON THIRD PARTY PRODUCTS PURCHASED THROUGH THIS SITE ARE
              PROVIDED BY THE ORIGINAL MANUFACTURER ONLY AND NOT BY ORIGIN BOUND. ORIGIN 
              BOUND ITSELF MAKES NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH 
              RESPECT TO ANY PRODUCTS SOLD ON THIS SITE.
            


Limitation of Liability

              ORIGIN BOUND WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR OTHER
              CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
              POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY THIRD PARTY EXCEPT AS
              EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ORIGIN 
              BOUND’S LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID FOR THE 
              PURCHASE OF PRODUCTS FROM THIS SITE.
            


Governing Law; Venue

              These Sale Terms and your purchase of products from Origin Bound though this Site shall 
              be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Washington, 
              without resort to its conflict of law provisions. You agree that any action at law or in equity 
              arising out of or relating to these Sales Terms or your purchase of products shall be filed 
              only in the state and federal courts located in King County, Washington and you hereby 
              irrevocably and unconditionally consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such 
              courts over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of these Site Terms.
            





















ReplyYes Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg




































































  









Feedback























replyyes inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Application Software
ReplyYes, Inc. designs and develops software solutions. The Company offers software for buying products via text message. ReplyYes serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

999 3rd Avenue
34th Floor
Seattle, WA 98104
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.replyyes.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data
















































The Edit: Vinyl



















Privacy Policy


        Terms of Sale
      

Terms of Use



REPLYYES
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE


          The foregoing terms and conditions of sale (“Sale Terms”) apply to your purchases of any products from
          ReplyYes, Inc. ("ReplyYes”) through the ReplyYes service, including all purchases from websites, mobile
          sites, applications and other online services that link to these Sale Terms of the ReplyYes Terms of Use
          (the “Service”). By replying “Yes” and placing an order (an “Order”) for products through the Service, you
          agree to be bound by and accept the terms and conditions in effect at the time of such Order. These Sales
          Terms are subject to change without prior written notice at any time, in ReplyYes’ sole discretion. These
          terms and conditions may NOT be altered, supplemented, or amended by your use of any other documents, and
          all sales are expressly conditioned upon your agreement to these terms and conditions. 
         



Placing an Order

              We will periodically send you offers via text message to your mobile device to purchase certain
              merchandise (each an “Offer”). You place an Order by responding “Yes” to the Offer. When you respond
              “Yes,” you automatically purchase the last Offer you received. You agree to accept responsibility for
              all Orders and other activities that occur through your mobile device to ReplyYes. You may also place
              an Order with ReplyYes via other methods, such as through our customer service representatives. 
            


Payment Terms

              Before you can place your first Order, you will need to provide your credit card information through a
              secure payment provider (e.g. Stripe). When you place Orders by responding “Yes,” you authorize us to
              charge that credit card for amount due for the item ordered. If you wish to change your payment
              information, you may text us, and we will send you a link to update the information.
            


Shipping Terms and Policies

              We endeavor to ship all Orders for in stock items within 2 business days, and standard delivery
              generally takes between 7-10 business days once the Order has shipped. However, shipping and delivery
              times may vary, and you should allow 3-4 weeks for delivery from time of Order. All shipping charges are
              the responsibility of the customer. Shipping charges will be listed in the Offer and will be included
              in the amount charged to your credit card.
            


No Back Orders

              Receipt of a confirmation from ReplyYes is not a guarantee of availability. If for some reason an item
              on your Order is unavailable, we will notify you and cancel your Order. We do not back order items.
            


Cancellation

              You may cancel your Order by replying CANCEL within 1 hour of purchase. After that, your order is in
              process, and you may not cancel an Order. We reserve the right to cancel your Order at any time prior
              to shipment, and if we do so, we will promptly notify you by text.
            


Return and Exchange Policies

              We will gladly accept any defective or incorrect merchandise for return and replacement provided that
              the request for return is made to ReplyYes within sixty (60) days of purchase and the defective or
              incorrect merchandise is accompanied by the original packaging and a copy of the packing slip. If for
              some reason the defective merchandise cannot be replaced, you will receive a full refund. Unless
              otherwise noted at the time of purchase, you may return unopened and undamaged items in the original
              condition they were received, for any reason, within thirty (30) days of purchase, and we will issue you
              a credit in the amount of the returned item. We will issue you a pre-paid label for return postage, but
              we will not reimburse you for the initial shipping cost.
            


Product Availability and Pricing

              ReplyYes may revise or discontinue products at any time without prior notice to customers, and products
              may become unavailable to customers even after an Order is placed and confirmed. All prices will be as
              listed in the Offer. Prices are subject to change without notice.
            


Product Descriptions; Pricing; Errors

              ReplyYes attempts to be as accurate as possible. However, we do not warrant that product descriptions,
              photographs, pricing or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or
              error-free. In addition, all weights and size dimensions are approximate. If a product offered by
              ReplyYes is not as described or pictured, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition for a
              refund. In the event of an error in pricing, we reserve the right to correct such error and charge the
              correct price or cancel the Order, and your sole remedy in the event of such error is to cancel your
              Order.
            


Privacy Policy

              ReplyYes believes strongly in protecting user privacy. Please refer to our Privacy Policy at 
              theedit.replyyes.com/privacy for information on how ReplyYes
              collects and uses personal information from users of the Service.
            


Who We Sell To

              ReplyYes only sells products to adults. If you are under 18, you may use our Site only with involvement
              of a parent or guardian. By subscribing to the Service, you are representing and warranting that you
              are 18 or over. ReplyYes reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit
              content, or cancel Orders in its sole discretion.
            


Warranties

              ANY WARRANTY ON THIRD PARTY PRODUCTS PURCHASED THROUGH THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED BY THE ORIGINAL
              MANUFACTURER ONLY AND NOT BY REPLYYES. REPLYYES ITSELF MAKES NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
              IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO ANY PRODUCTS SOLD ON THIS SITE.
            


Limitation of Liability

              REPLYYES WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL,
              INDIRECT, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY
              ANY THIRD PARTY EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, REPLYYES’S
              LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID FOR THE PURCHASE OF PRODUCTS FROM THIS SITE.
            


Governing Law; Venue

              These Sale Terms and your purchase of products from ReplyYes though this Site shall be governed by and
              construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Washington, without resort to its conflict of law
              provisions. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these Sales
              Terms or your purchase of products shall be filed only in the state and federal courts located in King
              County, Washington and you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent and submit to the exclusive
              jurisdiction of such courts over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of these Site Terms.
            


























Metaltech Products Inc.




















































 
(417)426-5577


 



 Complete Metal Fabrication & Powder-Coating

 








 






 







Home 





Metaltech Products, Inc., specializes as a supplier of component parts for OEM manufacturers for a variety of industries. As a Complete Metal Fabrication & Powder Coating company, we offer:

Complete Custom Fabrication Components, Weldments, and Assemblies;  Sheet, Light Plate, and Structural
Mild Steel, HSLA, Stainless Steel, Aluminum, Copper, Polycarbonates
Laser Cutting
Punch Press
Forming
CNC Machining
AWS Certified Welders
Robotic Welding
Powder Coating
Assembly
Delivery

 

We are ISO 9001:2008 Certified. Our goal is to meet and/or exceed the expectations of our customers. Whether the job is manufacturing a simple component on a large scale, or a complex undertaking, we can do it. Best of all, we are known by our customers as the company that “makes it happen!”
~Darrel Bishop
 President





 



 




 
 



 



 
  *For Photo Credits (Attribution) Click Here

  
Metaltech- 16055 HWY E, Lebanon, MO 65536
 Phone: (417) 426-5577

 








Home
Capabilities
Products
Powder Coating
 



Request a Quote
Careers
Pre-Employment Application
 



News
Blog Signup Page
Survey
 



About
Contact
Privacy Policy
Attributions
 






 
Copyright 2017 Castlewood Inc. – All rights Reserved created by Castlewood Studios
 
























The Edit: Vinyl




















Say YES to a newway to buyvinyl
Say YES to a new way to buy vinyl







Join The Edit
Sign up to get a daily message with a new vinyl pick tailored to your taste.


        By clicking 'I AGREE,' I agree to receive daily offers and customer service communications from ReplyYes, Inc. and any successor operator of The Edit via automated text messages. Consent to these terms is not a condition of purchase. Msg & Data rates may apply.
        Text STOP to opt-out.

          T&C/Privacy Policy
        






I AGREE












We just made finding and buying vinyl records a lot easier. So easy, you won't have to lift a finger. Okay, well, maybe one.





How It Works




















































Once you join, we'll send you a new vinyl album selection daily via text. Reply LIKE or DISLIKE to help us learn your music preferences. When you're ready to buy, reply YES.







Top Vinyl










Michael Jackson - Thriller (Gatefold)







The Beatles - Abbey Road (180 gram, Remastered)







John Coltrane - A Love Supreme (Remastered)







Radiohead - A Moon Shaped Pool (2LP, Includes Download)







David Bowie - The Rise & Fall of Ziggy Stardust & Spiders from Mars (180 gram)







Dr Dre - The Chronic (Remastered) 







Amy Winehouse - Back To Black







Beastie Boys - Paul's Boutique (20th Anniversary Edition, 180 gram, Remastered)







Led Zeppelin - Led Zeppelin IV (180 gram, Remastered)







Miles Davis - Kind of Blue (180 gram)







Nirvana - Nirvana (Download Included)







Rage Against the Machine - XX 20th Anniversary (180 gram)







Madonna - Like A Prayer (180 gram)







Daft Punk - Discovery












































The Edit: Vinyl



















Privacy Policy


        Terms of Sale
      

Terms of Use



REPLYYES
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE


          The foregoing terms and conditions of sale (“Sale Terms”) apply to your purchases of any products from
          ReplyYes, Inc. ("ReplyYes”) through the ReplyYes service, including all purchases from websites, mobile
          sites, applications and other online services that link to these Sale Terms of the ReplyYes Terms of Use
          (the “Service”). By replying “Yes” and placing an order (an “Order”) for products through the Service, you
          agree to be bound by and accept the terms and conditions in effect at the time of such Order. These Sales
          Terms are subject to change without prior written notice at any time, in ReplyYes’ sole discretion. These
          terms and conditions may NOT be altered, supplemented, or amended by your use of any other documents, and
          all sales are expressly conditioned upon your agreement to these terms and conditions. 
         



Placing an Order

              We will periodically send you offers via text message to your mobile device to purchase certain
              merchandise (each an “Offer”). You place an Order by responding “Yes” to the Offer. When you respond
              “Yes,” you automatically purchase the last Offer you received. You agree to accept responsibility for
              all Orders and other activities that occur through your mobile device to ReplyYes. You may also place
              an Order with ReplyYes via other methods, such as through our customer service representatives. 
            


Payment Terms

              Before you can place your first Order, you will need to provide your credit card information through a
              secure payment provider (e.g. Stripe). When you place Orders by responding “Yes,” you authorize us to
              charge that credit card for amount due for the item ordered. If you wish to change your payment
              information, you may text us, and we will send you a link to update the information.
            


Shipping Terms and Policies

              We endeavor to ship all Orders for in stock items within 2 business days, and standard delivery
              generally takes between 7-10 business days once the Order has shipped. However, shipping and delivery
              times may vary, and you should allow 3-4 weeks for delivery from time of Order. All shipping charges are
              the responsibility of the customer. Shipping charges will be listed in the Offer and will be included
              in the amount charged to your credit card.
            


No Back Orders

              Receipt of a confirmation from ReplyYes is not a guarantee of availability. If for some reason an item
              on your Order is unavailable, we will notify you and cancel your Order. We do not back order items.
            


Cancellation

              You may cancel your Order by replying CANCEL within 1 hour of purchase. After that, your order is in
              process, and you may not cancel an Order. We reserve the right to cancel your Order at any time prior
              to shipment, and if we do so, we will promptly notify you by text.
            


Return and Exchange Policies

              We will gladly accept any defective or incorrect merchandise for return and replacement provided that
              the request for return is made to ReplyYes within sixty (60) days of purchase and the defective or
              incorrect merchandise is accompanied by the original packaging and a copy of the packing slip. If for
              some reason the defective merchandise cannot be replaced, you will receive a full refund. Unless
              otherwise noted at the time of purchase, you may return unopened and undamaged items in the original
              condition they were received, for any reason, within thirty (30) days of purchase, and we will issue you
              a credit in the amount of the returned item. We will issue you a pre-paid label for return postage, but
              we will not reimburse you for the initial shipping cost.
            


Product Availability and Pricing

              ReplyYes may revise or discontinue products at any time without prior notice to customers, and products
              may become unavailable to customers even after an Order is placed and confirmed. All prices will be as
              listed in the Offer. Prices are subject to change without notice.
            


Product Descriptions; Pricing; Errors

              ReplyYes attempts to be as accurate as possible. However, we do not warrant that product descriptions,
              photographs, pricing or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or
              error-free. In addition, all weights and size dimensions are approximate. If a product offered by
              ReplyYes is not as described or pictured, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition for a
              refund. In the event of an error in pricing, we reserve the right to correct such error and charge the
              correct price or cancel the Order, and your sole remedy in the event of such error is to cancel your
              Order.
            


Privacy Policy

              ReplyYes believes strongly in protecting user privacy. Please refer to our Privacy Policy at 
              theedit.replyyes.com/privacy for information on how ReplyYes
              collects and uses personal information from users of the Service.
            


Who We Sell To

              ReplyYes only sells products to adults. If you are under 18, you may use our Site only with involvement
              of a parent or guardian. By subscribing to the Service, you are representing and warranting that you
              are 18 or over. ReplyYes reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit
              content, or cancel Orders in its sole discretion.
            


Warranties

              ANY WARRANTY ON THIRD PARTY PRODUCTS PURCHASED THROUGH THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED BY THE ORIGINAL
              MANUFACTURER ONLY AND NOT BY REPLYYES. REPLYYES ITSELF MAKES NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
              IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO ANY PRODUCTS SOLD ON THIS SITE.
            


Limitation of Liability

              REPLYYES WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL,
              INDIRECT, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY
              ANY THIRD PARTY EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, REPLYYES’S
              LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID FOR THE PURCHASE OF PRODUCTS FROM THIS SITE.
            


Governing Law; Venue

              These Sale Terms and your purchase of products from ReplyYes though this Site shall be governed by and
              construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Washington, without resort to its conflict of law
              provisions. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these Sales
              Terms or your purchase of products shall be filed only in the state and federal courts located in King
              County, Washington and you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent and submit to the exclusive
              jurisdiction of such courts over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of these Site Terms.
            



































Origin Bound: Graphic Novels




















We BringThe UniverseTo You
We Bring The Universe To You







Join Origin Bound
Join with your mobile number for a new graphic novel pick daily by text.


        By submitting my number, I agree to receive daily offers via automated text message from Origin Bound. Consent to these terms is not a condition of purchase. Msg & Data rates may apply.
        Text STOP to opt-out.

          T&C/Privacy Policy
        






Join












If finding and buying your favorite graphic novels is your kryptonite, we've just made things a lot easier. So easy, you won't have to lift a finger! Okay well, maybe one.





How It Works




















































Once you join, we'll send you a new graphic novel selection via a daily text message. Telepathy powers? Kinda. You see, when you reply with LIKE or DISLIKE it helps us learn your preferences. When you're ready to buy, just reply YES. Shazam! It's that easy.







Top Graphic Novels










Suicide Squad, Volume 1: Trial By Fire (TP, New Ed)







Wicked & Divine, Volume 1: The Faust Act (TP, MR)







Preacher, Book 1 (TP, MR)







iZombie, Volume 1: Dead To The World (TP, MR)







Justice League N52, Volume 1: Origin (TP)







Wytches, Volume 1 (TP, MR)







Deadpool Classic, Volume 1 (TP)







Superman: Red Son (TP, New Ed)







Saga, Volume 1 (TP, MR)







The Walking Dead, Volume 1 (HC, MR)







Harley Quinn N52, Volume 1: Hot In The City (HC, MR)







Civil War (TP)







Jessica Jones, Volume 1: Alias (TP)







Daredevil By Miller & Janson, Volume 1 (TP)











































The Edit: Vinyl



















Privacy Policy


Terms of Sale


        Terms of Use
      


REPLYYES
TERMS OF USE

DATE OF LAST REVISION: July 14, 2017


          PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING OR USING THIS SERVICE YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE
          TERMS AND CONDITIONS DESCRIBED HEREIN AND ALL TERMS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF
          THESE TERMS, DO NOT USE THIS SERVICE.
        

          ARBITRATION NOTICE: EXCEPT FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DISPUTES DESCRIBED IN THE ARBITRATION CLAUSE BELOW, YOU AGREE
          THAT DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND REPLYYES WILL BE RESOLVED BY MANDATORY BINDING ARBITRATION AND YOU WAIVE ANY
          RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS-ACTION LAWSUIT OR CLASS-WIDE ARBITRATION.
        

          ReplyYes, Inc. (“ReplyYes”) provides an online service through which users may receive text messages with
          various offers (“Offers”) to purchase products (“Products”) and may order such Products by replying “YES” to
          such text messages (the “Service”). These terms and conditions of use (“Terms of Use”) apply to your access
          to, and use of, the Service and of the ReplyYes Web site located at 
          www.ReplyYes.com 
          and other web sites or mobile sites that link to this policy (collectively the "Site"). The These Terms of
          Use do not alter in any way the terms or conditions of any other agreement you may have with ReplyYes, or its
          subsidiaries or affiliates, for products, services or otherwise.
        

          To the full extent permitted by applicable law, ReplyYes reserves the right to change or modify any of the
          terms and conditions contained in the Terms of Use or any policy or guideline of the Site or Service, at any
          time and in its sole discretion by providing notice the Terms of Use have been modified. Such notice may be
          provided by sending an email or text message, by posting a notice on the Site or through the Service, by
          posting the revised Terms of Use on the Site and revising the date at the top of these Terms of Use or by
          such other form of notice as determined by ReplyYes. Your continued use of this Site or Service following the
          posting of the revised Terms of Use or other notice of such changes will constitute your acceptance of such
          changes or modifications. Otherwise, any changes or modification will be effective within thirty (30) days of
          the posting of the revisions on the Site or Service unless you notify ReplyYes within such thirty (30) days
          that you do not agree to the changes and stop using the Site and Service. Therefore, you should review these
          Terms of Use whenever you access the Site or Service and at least every thirty (30) days to make sure that
          you understand the terms and conditions that will apply to your use of the Site and the Service.]
        


Privacy Policy

              Please refer to our Privacy Policy for information on how ReplyYes
              collects, uses and discloses personally identifiable information from its users.
            


Terms of Sale

              All sales made through the Service are governed by ReplyYes's Terms of Sale.
              Please refer to our Terms of Sale for the terms, conditions and
              policies applicable to your purchase of products from ReplyYes. By replying “YES” to an Offer or
              otherwise ordering products through the Service, you agree to purchase the product or services contained
              in the Offer and to be bound by and accept the Terms of Sale. The Terms of Sale are subject to change
              without prior notice at any time, at ReplyYes's sole discretion so you should review the Terms of Sale
              each time you make a purchase.
            


Mobile Communications

              The Service involves receiving offers and other information via your mobile device. Therefore, when you
              subscribe to the Service, you expressly agree that ReplyYes, any successor operator of the Service
              that may acquire control of the Service through a merger, sale of assets or otherwise, and their respective
              service providers and representatives may contact you via automated text messages,
              at the number you provide when you subscribe, regarding its Offers and the Service and may otherwise
              communicate with you via your mobile device. Your carrier's standard messaging, data and other rates
              and fees apply to any messages you send or receive, our confirmations and all subsequent SMS and MMS
              correspondence and/or transmissions. You should check with your carrier to find out what plans are
              available and how much they cost. All charges are billed by and payable to your mobile service provider.
              At any time, you may text STOP to cancel or HELP for customer support information. To check the status or
              your Order, text STATUS. We are not be liable for any delays in the receipt of, or failure to receive,
              any SMS or MMS messages as delivery is subject to effective transmission from your mobile service operator.
            


Copyright and Limited License

              Unless otherwise indicated in the Site or through the Service, the Site, the Service and all content and
              other materials contained therein, including, without limitation, the ReplyYes logo, and all designs,
              text, graphics, pictures, information, data, software, sound files, other files and the selection and
              arrangement thereof (collectively, the " Materials") are the proprietary property of ReplyYes or its
              licensors or users and are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.
            

              You are granted a limited, non-sublicensable license to access and use the Site and the Service solely
              for your informational, non-commercial and personal use. Such license is subject to these Terms of Use
              and does not include: (a) any resale or commercial use of the Site, the Service or the Materials; (b)
              the collection and use of any product listings, pictures or descriptions; (c) the distribution, public
              performance or public display of any Materials; (d) modifying or otherwise making any derivative uses of
              the Site and the Materials, or any portion thereof; (e) use of any data mining, robots or similar data
              gathering or extraction methods; (f) downloading (other than the page caching) of any portion of the
              Site, the Materials or any information contained therein, except as expressly permitted by ReplyYes; or
              (g) any use of the Site, the Service, or the Materials other than for its intended purpose. Any use of
              the Site, the Service, or the Materials other than as specifically authorized herein, without the prior
              written permission of ReplyYes, is strictly prohibited and will terminate the license granted herein.
              Such unauthorized use may also violate applicable laws including without limitation copyright and
              trademark laws and applicable communications regulations and statutes Unless explicitly stated herein,
              nothing in these Terms of Use shall be construed as conferring any license to intellectual property
              rights, whether by estoppel, implication or otherwise. This license is revocable at any time.
            


Trademarks

              REPLYYES, the ReplyYes logos and any other ReplyYes product or service name or slogan contained in the
              Site or used in connection with the Service are trademarks of ReplyYes, and may not be copied, imitated
              or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of ReplyYes or the applicable
              trademark holder. You may not use any metatags or any other "hidden text" utilizing "ReplyYes" or any
              other name, trademark or product or service name of ReplyYes without our prior written permission. In
              addition, the look and feel of the Site and the Service, including all page headers, custom graphics,
              button icons and scripts, is the service mark, trademark and/or trade dress of ReplyYes and may not be
              copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without our prior written permission. All other
              trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and company names or logos mentioned in the Site or in
              connection with the Service are the property of their respective owners. Reference to any products,
              services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier or otherwise
              does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof by us.
            


Hyperlinks

              You are granted a limited, non-exclusive right to create a text hyperlink to the Site for noncommercial
              purposes, provided such link does not portray ReplyYes or any of its products and services in a false,
              misleading, derogatory or otherwise defamatory manner and provided further that the linking site does
              not contain any adult or illegal material or any material that is offensive, harassing or otherwise
              objectionable. This limited right may be revoked at any time. You may not use a ReplyYes logo or other
              proprietary graphic of ReplyYes to link to this Site without the express written permission of ReplyYes.
              Further, you may not use, frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any ReplyYes trademark, logo or
              other proprietary information, including the images found at the Site, the content of any text or the
              layout/design of any page or form contained on a page on the Site without ReplyYes's express written
              consent. Except as noted above, you are not conveyed any right or license by implication, estoppel or
              otherwise in or under any patent, trademark, copyright or proprietary right of ReplyYes or any third
              party.
            

              ReplyYes makes no claim or representation regarding, and accepts no responsibility for, the quality,
              content, nature or reliability of third-party Web sites accessible by hyperlink from the Site or through
              the Service, or Web sites linking to the Site. Such sites are not under the control of ReplyYes and
              ReplyYes is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site,
              or any review, changes or updates to such sites. ReplyYes provides these links to you only as a
              convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply affiliation, endorsement or adoption by
              ReplyYes of any site or any information contained therein. When you leave the Site, you should be aware
              that our terms and policies no longer govern. You should review the applicable terms and policies,
              including privacy and data gathering practices, of any site to which you navigate from the Site.
            


Third Party Sites and Content

              ReplyYes may provide third party content on the Site or through the Service and may provide links to Web
              pages and content of third parties (collectively the "Third Party Content") as a service to those
              interested in this information. ReplyYes does not control, endorse or adopt any Third Party Content and
              makes no representation or warranties of any kind regarding the Third Party Content, including without
              limitation regarding its accuracy or completeness. You acknowledge and agree that ReplyYes is not
              responsible or liable in any manner for any Third Party Content and undertakes no responsibility to
              update or review any Third Party Content. Users use such Third Party Content contained therein at their
              own risk.
            


Advertisements and Promotions; Third-Party Products and Services

              ReplyYes may run advertisements and promotions from third parties or may otherwise provide information
              about, links to, or the opportunity to purchase third-party products or services on the Site or through
              the Service. ReplyYes does not endorse or make any representations or warranties regarding any third
              party products, services, promotions or vendors. Your business dealings or correspondence with, or
              participation in promotions of, such third parties, and any terms, conditions, warranties or
              representations associated with such dealings or promotions, are solely between you and such third party.
              You agree to look solely to the manufacturer for any warranties that may be available for products
              purchased through the Service. ReplyYes is not responsible or liable in any manner for any third party
              products or services, for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any products,
              services, dealings or promotions or as the result of the presence of such non-ReplyYes advertisers or
              third party information on the Site.
            


Submissions

              You acknowledge and agree that any materials, including but not limited to questions, comments,
              suggestions, ideas, plans, notes, drawings, original or creative materials or other information,
              regarding the Site or the Service that are provided by you in the form of email or other submissions to
              ReplyYes, or any postings on the Site, are non-confidential and shall become the sole property of
              ReplyYes. ReplyYes shall own exclusive rights, including all intellectual property rights, and shall be
              entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these materials for any purpose, commercial or
              otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you.
            


Registration Data; Account Security

              In consideration of your use of the Site and the Service, you agree to (a) provide accurate, current and
              complete information about you as may be prompted by any registration forms when you create an account
              ("Registration Data"); (b) maintain the security of your password and identification; (c) maintain and
              promptly update the Registration Data, and any other information you provide to ReplyYes, to keep it
              accurate, current and complete; and (d) accept all risks of unauthorized access to the Registration Data
              and any other information you provide to ReplyYes. You are responsible for all activities that occur
              through your account, whether or not such activities are with your knowledge and consent.
            


Indemnification

              You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless ReplyYes, its independent contractors, service
              providers and consultants, and their respective directors, employees and agents, from and against any
              claims, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys'
              fees) arising out of or related to your use of Site and the Service, including without limitation any
              actual or threatened suit, demand or claim made against ReplyYes or its independent contractors, service
              providers, employees, directors or consultants, arising out of or relating to your conduct, your
              violation of these Terms of Use or your violation of the rights of any third party.
            


Disclaimer

              EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED TO THE CONTRARY IN WRITING BY REPLYYES, THE SITE, THE MATERIALS, AND THE
              SERVICE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
              REPLYYES DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED
              WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT AS TO THE
              SITE AND THE SERVICE, INCLUDING THE INFORMATION, CONTENT AND MATERIALS CONTAINED THEREIN. REPLYYES DOES
              NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT MATERIALS IN THE SITE OR THE SERVICE ARE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE,
              CURRENT OR ERROR-FREE. REPLY YES ALSO DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES REGARDING ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES YOU
              PURCHASE THROUGH THE SERVICE.
            

              REPLYYES IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS OR OMISSIONS RELATING TO PRICING, TEXT OR
              PHOTOGRAPHY. WHILE REPLYYES ATTEMPTS TO MAKE YOUR ACCESS AND USE OF THE SITE AND THE SERVICES SAFE,
              REPLYYES CANNOT AND DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE SITE OR ITS SERVER(S) ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR
              OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS; THEREFORE, YOU SHOULD USE INDUSTRY-RECOGNIZED SOFTWARE TO DETECT AND DISINFECT
              VIRUSES FROM ANY DOWNLOAD.
            

              ReplyYes reserves the right to change any and all content contained in the Site or on the Service and to
              modify, suspend or discontinue the Site or the Service or any features or functionality thereof at any
              time without notice and without obligation or liability to you. Reference to any products, services,
              processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier or otherwise does not
              constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof, or any affiliation therewith, by
              ReplyYes.
            


Limitation of Liability

              TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW: (A) IN NO EVENT SHALL REPLYYES, ITS DIRECTORS,
              MEMBERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT
              NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF PROFITS OR LOSS OF DATA, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT
              (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE
              USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE, THE SERVICE, OR THE MATERIALS, OR ANY PURCHASES MADE THROUGH THE
              SERVICE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY DAMAGES CAUSED BY OR RESULTING FROM RELIANCE BY USER ON ANY
              INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM REPLYYES, OR THAT RESULT FROM MISTAKES, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, DELETION OF
              FILES OR EMAIL, ERRORS, DEFECTS, VIRUSES, DELAYS IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION OR ANY FAILURE OF
              PERFORMANCE, WHETHER OR NOT RESULTING FROM ACTS OF GOD, COMMUNICATIONS FAILURE, THEFT, DESTRUCTION OR
              UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO REPLYYES'S RECORDS, PROGRAMS OR SERVICES; AND (B) IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE
              LIABILITY OF REPLYYES, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, WHETHER ACTIVE,
              PASSIVE OR IMPUTED), PRODUCT LIABILITY, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO
              THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR THE SERVICE OR TO THESE TERMS OF USE EXCEED ANY COMPENSATION
              YOU PAY, IF ANY, TO REPLYYES FOR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE SITE OR THE SERVICE.
            


Applicable Law and Venue

              These Terms of Use and your use of the Site shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
              laws of the State of Washington, applicable to agreements made and to be entirely performed within the
              State of Washington, without resort to its conflict of law provisions. You agree that any action at law
              or in equity arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use shall be filed only in the state and
              federal courts located in King County, Washington and you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent
              and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts over any suit, action or proceeding arising out
              of these Terms of Use.
            



Governing Law; Arbitration PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PARAGRAPH CAREFULLY BECAUSE IT
              REQUIRES YOU TO ARBITRATE DISPUTES WITH REPLYYES AND IT LIMITS THE MANNER IN WHICH YOU CAN SEEK RELIEF
              FROM REPLYYES.
            

              You and ReplyYes agree to arbitrate any dispute arising from these Terms of Use or relating to the
              Service or any goods or service purchased through the Service, except that you and ReplyYes are not
              required to arbitrate any dispute in which either party seeks equitable or other relief for the alleged
              unlawful use of copyrights, trademarks, trade names, logos, trade secrets or patents.
            
ARBITRATION PREVENTS YOU FROM SUING IN COURT OR FROM HAVING A JURY TRIAL.

              You and ReplyYes agree that you will notify each other of any dispute within 30 days of when it arises,
              that you will attempt informal resolution prior to any demand for arbitration, that any arbitration will
              occur in San Francisco, California and that arbitration will be conducted confidentially by a single
              arbitrator in accordance with the Rules of the American Arbitration Association. You and ReplyYes also
              agree that the state or federal courts in San Francisco County, California have exclusive jurisdiction
              over any appeals of an arbitration award and over any suit between the parties not subject to
              arbitration. Other than class procedures and remedies discussed below, the arbitrator has the authority
              to grant any remedy that would otherwise be available in court. WHETHER THE DISPUTE IS HEARD IN
              ARBITRATION OR IN COURT, YOU AND REPLYYES WILL NOT COMMENCE AGAINST THE OTHER A CLASS ACTION, CLASS
              ARBITRATION OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING.
            


Termination

              Notwithstanding any of these Terms of Use, ReplyYes reserves the right, without notice and in its sole
              discretion, to terminate your license to use the Site and the Service, and to block or prevent future
              access to and use of the Site and the Service.
            


Severability, Assignment & Miscellaneous

              If any provision of these Terms of Use shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable,
              then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms of Use and shall not affect the validity
              and enforceability of any remaining provisions. The agreement formed by these Terms of Use shall
              be binding upon and will insure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted
              assigns. ReplyYes may freely assign these Terms of Use or any of its rights or
              obligations under the agreement formed by these Terms Use to a third party,
              including, without limitation, in connection with any sale of assets, merger or
              change of control relating to the Service, without your consent.
            


Questions & Contact Information

              Questions or comments about the Site may be directed to ReplyYes at 
              legal@ReplyYes.com
























Precision Metal Products Company – Screw Machine Job Shop, Holland MI







































 Precision Metal Products Company
A Leading Screw Machine Parts Manufacturer Since 1946













  	New Madrona Venture Labs Startup ReplyYes Sells Via Text Messaging | Xconomy	


































































































Subscribe



Register Now • Awards Gala →
▾



Xconomy Seattle

XperienceTech + Life











                                    DataCamp Nabs $4M for Data Science Courses, Moves to NY                                










                                    IRobot Buys French Distributor as Home Robotics Plan Picks Up Steam                                










                                    VR Startup Visbit Adds Support for Game Site Unity, and a Web Player                                










                                    With Helix’s Help, Lose It Adds Genetic Insights to Weight Loss App                                










                                    Christopher Ahlberg: The Full Xconomy Voices Interview                                



View More in Xperience ›



EXOMEBiotech + Health











                                    Bio Roundup: GOP Drama, Immunotherapy Setbacks, Pharma Revamps                                










                                    Tesaro Cashes In Again on PARP Blocker With $100M Takeda Deal                                










                                    Immunotherapy Shakeup: AstraZeneca Inks Merck Deal as Drug Combo Fails                                










                                    Tetraphase Claws Back From Failed Study, Eyes FDA Filing With New Data                                










                                    Illumina Accelerator Sees ‘Huge Impact in Genomics’ in New Startups                                



View More in EXOME ›



Our Regions


  	                            	Boston  	                            	›




 



                          DataCamp Nabs $4M for Data Science Courses, Moves to NY                      



View More in   	                            	Boston  	                            	 ›


  	                            	Boulder/Denver
                                   ›




 



                          New Ovarian Cancer Data Suggests Larger Role For Top Clovis Drug                      



View More in   	                            	Boulder/Denver
                                   ›


                                   Detroit/Ann Arbor
  		                            ›




 



                          Michigan's Biggest Startup Competition Now Accepting Applications                      



View More in                                   Detroit/Ann Arbor
  		                             ›


  	                            	Indiana  	                            	›




 



                          Eli Lilly Pays Nektar $150M Up Front For Autoimmune Drug Rights                      



View More in   	                            	Indiana  	                            	 ›


  	                            	New York  	                            	›




 



                          Sanofi Shores Up Flu Vaccine Business With Protein Sciences Deal                      



View More in   	                            	New York  	                            	 ›


  		                            Raleigh-Durham
  	                            	›




 



                          Facing Cash Crunch, Novan Slashes Staff and Shuffles Executive Team                      



View More in   		                            Raleigh-Durham
  	                            	 ›


  	                            	San Diego  	                            	›




 



                          Effector Raises $38.6M to Advance New Class of Anti-Cancer Drugs                      



View More in   	                            	San Diego  	                            	 ›


  	                            	San Francisco  	                            	›




 



                          VR Startup Visbit Adds Support for Game Site Unity, and a Web Player                      



View More in   	                            	San Francisco  	                            	 ›


  	                            	Seattle  	                            	›




 



                          Redfin IPO Raises $138M, Stock to Begin Trading Today                      



View More in   	                            	Seattle  	                            	 ›


  	                            	Texas  	                            	›




 



                          Houston’s Zenus Brings Facial Recognition Software to Event Check-Ins                      



View More in   	                            	Texas  	                            	 ›


  	                            	Wisconsin  	                            	›




 



                          Foxconn to Build Plant in WI, Giving Support to Trump’s Jobs Pledges                      



View More in   	                            	Wisconsin  	                            	 ›



Tech Channels 





Agtech and Food›








                                                Healthy Transgenic Foods                                            



View More in Agtech and Food ›


Cleantech›









                                            Week in Review: States, Corporations Look to Save World from Trump                                        



View More in Cleantech ›


Cybersecurity›









                                        Sqrrl Sniffs Out $12.3M to Push “Threat Hunting” Software                                    



View More in Cybersecurity ›


Education›









                                        Breathe For Change Provides Teaching Tools to Help Fight Burnout                                    



View More in Education ›


EXOME: Biotech + Health›









                                        ASCO Roundup: Checkpoint Combos, Tumor Profiling, Financial Toxicity                                    



View More in EXOME ›





Fintech›









                                            Insurance Against Cyber Attacks Gains Steam Alongside Rising Risk                                        



View More in Fintech ›


Healthtech›









                                    Initiative to Boost SoCal’s Startup Scene Teams With GV Founder                                



View More in Healthtech ›


Robotics and A.I.›









                                        With $20M from Scale, Textio Envisions ‘Augmented Writing’ Everywhere                                    



View More in Robotics and A.I. ›


Startups›









                            Atlas Venture Unveils New $350M Fund for Seed Biotech Investments                        



View More in Startups ›


Xperience: Tech + Life›









                                            Coinigy Adds Users, As Digital Currency Values Soar                                        



View More in Xperience ›





Meet theXconomists 










                            Elizabeth Hagerman                        


                        Vice President for Corporate Engagement, Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology                    







                            C. Titus Brown                        


                        Professor, Michigan State University                    







                            Andy Palmer                        


                        CEO and Co-Founder, Tamr                    







                            Aaron Houghton                        


                        CEO and co-founder of BoostSuite                    


Meet All the Xconomists ›










                            Art Pappas                        


                        Managing Partner at Pappas Ventures                    







                            Andy Sack                        


                        Founder and CEO, Lighter Capital                    







                            Alan Saltiel                        


                        Director, Life Sciences Institute, University of Michigan                    







                            Alexis Borisy                        


                        Partner, Third Rock Ventures                    





OurEvents 








September 26, 2017 · 
                                      Boston                                    


                                    Xconomy Awards                                








September 28, 2017 · 
                                      Boston                                    


                                    Boston’s Life Science Disruptors                                



All Xconomy Events ›
Boston Events ›


Boulder/Denver Events ›
Detroit/Ann Arbor Events ›


Indiana Events ›
New York Events ›


Raleigh-Durham Events ›
San Diego Events ›


San Francisco Events ›
Seattle Events ›


Texas Events ›
Wisconsin Events ›




XpertiseWatch + Learn























Seattle Home
							Seattle					 Events
Archives
Xconomists
VC / M&A Deals












            New Madrona Venture Labs Startup ReplyYes Sells Via Text Messaging  				







Benjamin Romano

			December 2nd, 2015		



@bromano @xconomyLike Us










Share



Share on Facebook



Share on Twitter



LinkedIn



Email


Reprints






Madrona Venture Labs’ latest spinout company is ReplyYes, a text-message-based retail service that promises a simple way for people to buy things like vinyl records.
Madrona isn’t talking yet about the second company to emerge from its in-house effort to develop and validate business ideas, and then hand them off to operators to build into going concerns. But ReplyYes was listed on the just-released Seattle Tech Universe map in connection with Madrona Venture Labs (MVL), alongside Spare5, the first company to emerge from the venture capital firm’s startup studio.
ReplyYes—tagline, “conversational commerce”—is described on its website as “the easiest way to shop.” People who sign up for the service receive a daily text message offering a product for purchase. So far, the only category available is called The Edit, a daily vinyl record offering. If you like what’s on offer, you reply “YES” to the text message, and the company ships it to you. Shipping and payment information (via Stripe) is collected when you first set up the service. There’s no shopping cart or checkout, no digital wallet or app to deal with. The service appears to remove as many barriers as possible to making a purchase.
There are other services taking a similar approach, pairing low-friction texting with commerce. One, based in Seattle and also funded by Madrona, is Peach, which lets subscribers respond “yes” to a morning text with a daily lunch offering that’s delivered in the noon hour. Another, Scottsdale, AZ-based ReplyBuy, has essentially the same model but for tickets to sporting events, with fans receiving offers to see their favorite teams. New York-based ShopReply lets sellers offer text-based purchases of products advertised on television, radio, and social media.
Albums offered through ReplyYes, which appear to be re-issues rather than original pressings some vinyl purists covet, are priced between $15 and $25, plus $3 to $5 for shipping. Customers can also reply “LIKE” or “DISLIKE” and ReplyYes will “tailor what we send to your tastes,” the company says on an FAQ.
ReplyYes is soliciting ideas for other product categories, and also recruiting sellers to the service.
ReplyYes was incorporated in July and lists Madrona managing directors Paul Goodrich and Scott Jacobsen as directors. (Jacobsen led MVL earlier this year, taking over after Greg Gottesman, who spearheaded its creation in 2014, began a similar stand-alone effort called Pioneer Square Labs. In November, Madrona tapped serial entrepreneur Mike Fridgen to take MVL forward.) There’s considerable overlap between the team behind The Edit and the MVL staff.

				    Benjamin Romano is editor of Xconomy Seattle. Email him at bromano [at] xconomy.com.    				Follow @bromano 



Share on Facebook



Share on Twitter



LinkedIn



Email


Reprints



More from Xconomy




 
Madrona Doubles Down on Venture Labs, Taps Fridgen as CEO





 
ReplyYes Raises $6.5M for ‘Conversational Commerce’ Platform





 
As VCs Move Upstream, Madrona Venture Labs Builds Its Own Startups




Trending on Xconomy
Toast Devours $101M for Restaurant Tech, Plans to Hire 1,000
Merck Drug Shows No Life-Extending Benefit in Head-and-Neck Cancer
Illumina Accelerator Sees ‘Huge Impact in Genomics’ in New Startups













 




 

 



Underwriters and Partners
















Xpertise: Watch + Learn







From Our Editors · Podcast

Xconomy Voices 01: Mary Lou Jepsen

Mary Lou Jepsen is a fearsome samurai when it comes to the design and manufacturing of electronics.








From Our Editors · Podcast

Xconomy Voices 02: Christopher Ahlberg of Recorded Future

Recorded Future, a cybersecurity startup based in Somerville, MA, has an intriguing approach to solving some of the biggest problems in data and network security.





From Our Advertisers








WI Startups See Growth in Investment Levels in 2016

137 companies raise more than $276 million in 2016
Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation






				Connect with Xconomy
			





























					Xconomy on Demand
				


						Did you miss something? Don't despair…
					


					Xconomy offers a number of ways to subscribe for free!


						Subscribe Now
					


























 



Home
Privacy/DMCA
Security Disclosures
About
Contact Us
Archives
Advertise
Subscribe for Free



	Business, life sciences, and technology news — covering Boston, Seattle, San Diego, Detroit/Ann Arbor, San Francisco, New York, Raleigh-Durham, Boulder/Denver, Texas, Wisconsin, Indiana, and beyond.
	
© 2007-2017, Xconomy, Inc.
		Xconomy is a registered service mark of Xconomy, Inc.
		All rights reserved.
	

	  Website development support from Andrew Koyfman with design support from Rob Hunter.
  






























