


Total and Worldline Partner with African Fintech InTouch to Support Deployment of Guichet Unique, an Innovative Digital Solution for Retail Networks
  |  WebWire























News and Press Release Distribution, Since 1995

Deliver Your News to the World

Sign In
Create a Free Account




Home
News
How We Work
Compare Services
FAQ












All
WebPost
WebPost PPC
WebRelease
Targeted Media
Wire Service








Total and Worldline Partner with African Fintech InTouch to Support Deployment of Guichet Unique, an Innovative Digital Solution for Retail Networks






Paris – WEBWIRE – Wednesday, July 26, 2017


Total and Worldline [Euronext: WLN] signed binding technological, commercial and financing agreements with African fintech InTouch on July 13, 2017.
Under the agreements, Total and Worldline will support the deployment of the Guichet Unique solution in eight African countries  Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Côte dIvoire, Kenya, Mali, Morocco, the Republic of Guinea and Senegal.
Guichet Unique provides retail networks with a unique customer-friendly device that makes it possible to securely and seamlessly accept all means of payment, including mobile money, payments through private label cards and cash, and to distribute third party services, such as subscriptions to media content, bill payment, money transfer, card top-up, banking and insurance.
Already deployed in more than 170 Total service stations and more than 600 independent points of sale in Senegal, the Guichet Unique platform manages more than 30,000 transactions per day in that country.
As part of these agreements:
 Total and Worldline will fund the first phase of deployment of the Guichet Unique solution in the above-mentioned eight countries and become shareholders in InTouch, alongside its founder, Omar Cissé.
 Total will deploy the Guichet Unique solution in its service station network in these eight countries, with possible further deployment in another 30 African and Middle Eastern countries. This initiative aligns with Totals overall strategy of offering innovative solutions to customers and facilitating their journey.
 InTouch is targeting deployment of the solution in more than 5,000 retail network and independent points of sale in each of these countries.
 Worldline, on top of supporting InTouch through its payment expertise, will provide a secure and industrial hosting infrastructure to enable the pan-African deployment and run of Guichet Unique
Timing of the Transaction 
Closing of the transaction is subject to the approval of the competent anti-trust authorities.
About Total 
Total is a global integrated energy producer and provider, a leading international oil and gas company, and a front-ranked solar energy operator through SunPower and Total Solar. Our 98,000 employees are committed to better energy that is safer, cleaner, more efficient, more innovative and accessible to as many people as possible. As a responsible corporate citizen, we focus on ensuring that our operations in more than 130 countries worldwide consistently deliver economic, social and environmental benefits.
About the Marketing & Services Division of Total 
Total Marketing & Services develops and markets products primarily derived from crude oil, along with all of the associated services. With 29,000 employees in 110 countries, Total Marketing & Services serves more than 4 million customers daily throughout its network of over 16,000 service stations. As the worlds fourth-largest distributor of lubricants and the leading distributor of petroleum products in Africa with a network of more than 4,300 service stations, Total Marketing & Services operates 50 production sites worldwide where it manufactures the lubricants, bitumen, additives, special fuels and fluids that sustain its growth.
About Worldline
Worldline [Euronext: WLN] is the European leader in the payments and transactional services industry. Worldline delivers next-generation services, enabling its customers to offer seamless and innovative solutions to end consumers. A key partner of B2B2C industries with over 40 years of experience, Worldline supports and contributes to the success of all businesses and administrative services in a constantly changing market. Worldline offers a unique and flexible business model built on a global and growing portfolio, thus enabling end-to-end support. Worldlines activities are organized into three segments: Merchant Services, Mobility & eTransactional Services, and Financial Services including equensWorldline. Worldline employs more than 8,700 people worldwide, with estimated pro forma revenue of more than 1.5 billion a year. Worldline is an Atos company. worldline.com


( Press Release Image: http://photos.webwire.com/prmedia/6/211385/211385-1.png )


Related Links
Source



WebWireID211385








This news content was configured by WebWire editorial staff. Linking is permitted.News Release Distribution and Press Release Distribution Services Provided by WebWire.





Tools
Printer-friendly version
Email this Release


Email Form




Your Name
Your Email
Your Recipient's Name
Your Recipient's Email
Comments
Verification Code:
Please type in this box the code you see above:
Send



Bookmark this Release
Show all
del.icio.us
Yahoo!



Google
Live
Ask
BlinkList
Diigo
Slashdot
Technorati
Simpy
Netvouz
Mister Wong



Share this Release
Show All
Reddit
LinkedIn
StumbleUpon



Twitter
Digg
My Space
Mixx
Squidoo
Newsvine
Fark
Blue Dot



WebWire Related Industries
Business Announcements Electronic / Internet Commerce Internet Technology Oil / Energy Retail


Distribute Your News

Every day, hundreds of individuals and companies choose WebWire to distribute their news.
WebWire places your news within numerous highly trafficked news search engines generating leads and publicity.
Submit Your Release Now!













WebWire® 1995 - 2017
About Us
Terms of Service
Privacy Statement












































South Africa - Wikipedia




















 







South Africa

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the modern country. For other uses, see South Africa (disambiguation).





Republic of South Africa

10 other official names:[1]
Republiek van Suid-Afrika  (Afrikaans)
Repabliki ya Afrika-Borwa  (Northern Sotho)
Rephaboliki ya Afrika Borwa  (Sotho)
iRiphabliki yeSewula Afrika  (Southern Ndebele)
iRiphabhulikhi yeNingizimu Afrika  (Swati)
Riphabliki ra Afrika Dzonga  (Tsonga)
Rephaboliki ya Aforika Borwa  (Tswana)
Riphabuḽiki ya Afurika Tshipembe  (Venda)
iRiphabliki yomZantsi Afrika  (Xhosa)
iRiphabhuliki yaseNingizimu Afrika  (Zulu)










Flag



Coat of arms






Motto: "!ke e: ǀxarra ǁke" (ǀXam)
"Unity in Diversity"




Anthem: National anthem of South Africa

















Location of  South Africa  (dark blue)
in the African Union  (light blue)








Capital



Pretoria (executive)
Bloemfontein (judicial)
Cape Town (legislative)





Largest city
Johannesburg[2]


Official languages

[Note 1]

11 languages

Afrikaans
Northern Sotho
English
Southern Ndebele
Southern Sotho
Swazi
Tsonga
Tswana
Venda
Xhosa
Zulu





Ethnic groups (2014[3])



80.2% Black
8.8% Coloured
8.4% White
2.5% Asian





Religion
See Religion in South Africa


Demonym
South African


Government
Unitary parliamentary constitutional republic



• President

Jacob Zuma



• Deputy President

Cyril Ramaphosa


Legislature
Parliament



• Upper house

National Council



• Lower house

National Assembly


Independence from the United Kingdom



• Union

31 May 1910



• Self-governance

11 December 1931



• Republic

31 May 1961



• Current constitution

4 February 1997


Area



• Total

1,221,037 km2 (471,445 sq mi) (24th)



• Water (%)

negligible


Population



• 2015 estimate

54,956,900[4] (25th)



• 2011 census

51,770,560[5]:18



• Density

42.4/km2 (109.8/sq mi) (169th)


GDP (PPP)
2016 estimate



• Total

$742.461 billion[6] (30th)



• Per capita

$13,321[6] (90th)


GDP (nominal)
2016 estimate



• Total

$326.541 billion[6] (35th)



• Per capita

$5,859[6] (88th)


Gini (2009)
63.1[7]
very high


HDI (2014)
 0.666[8]
medium · 116th


Currency
South African rand (ZAR)


Time zone
SAST (UTC+2)


Drives on the
left


Calling code
+27


ISO 3166 code
ZA


Internet TLD
.za


South Africa, officially the Republic of South Africa (RSA), is the southernmost country in Africa. It is bounded on the south by 2,798 kilometres (1,739 mi) of coastline of Southern Africa stretching along the South Atlantic and Indian Oceans;[9][10][11] on the north by the neighbouring countries of Namibia, Botswana, and Zimbabwe; and on the east and northeast by Mozambique and Swaziland; and surrounds the kingdom of Lesotho.[12] South Africa is the 25th-largest country in the world by land area, and with close to 56,000,000 people, is the world's 24th-most populous nation. It is the southernmost country on the mainland of the Old World or the Eastern Hemisphere. About 80% of South Africans are of Sub-Saharan African ancestry,[5] divided among a variety of ethnic groups speaking different Bantu languages, nine of which have official status.[11] The remaining population consists of Africa's largest communities of European (white), Asian (Indian), and multiracial (coloured) ancestry.
South Africa is a multiethnic society encompassing a wide variety of cultures, languages, and religions. Its pluralistic makeup is reflected in the constitution's recognition of eleven official languages, which is among the highest number of any country in the world.[11] Two of these languages are of European origin: Afrikaans developed from Dutch and serves as the first language of most white and coloured South Africans; English reflects the legacy of British colonialism, and is commonly used in public and commercial life, though it is fourth-ranked as a spoken first language.[11] The country is one of the few in Africa never to have had a coup d'état, and regular elections have been held for almost a century. However, the vast majority of Black South Africans were not enfranchised until 1994. During the twentieth century, the Black majority sought to recover its rights from the dominant White minority, with this struggle playing a large role in the country's recent history and politics. The National Party imposed the apartheid system in 1948, institutionalising previous racial segregation. After a long and sometimes violent struggle by the African National Congress and other anti-apartheid activists both inside and outside the country, discriminatory laws began to be repealed or abolished from 1990 onwards.
Since 1994, all ethnic and linguistic groups have held political representation in the country's democracy, which comprises a parliamentary republic and nine provinces. South Africa is often referred to as the "Rainbow Nation" to describe the country's multicultural diversity, especially in the wake of apartheid.[13] The World Bank classifies South Africa as an upper-middle-income economy, and a newly industrialised country.[14][15] Its economy is the second-largest in Africa, and the 34th-largest in the world.[6] In terms of purchasing power parity, South Africa has the seventh-highest per capita income in Africa. However, poverty and inequality remain widespread, with about a quarter of the population unemployed and living on less than US$1.25 a day.[16][17] Nevertheless, South Africa has been identified as a middle power in international affairs, and maintains significant regional influence.[18][19]



Contents


1 Name
2 History

2.1 Prehistoric finds
2.2 Bantu expansion
2.3 Portuguese contacts
2.4 Dutch colonisation
2.5 British colonisation

2.5.1 Independence
2.5.2 Beginning of apartheid


2.6 Republic

2.6.1 End of apartheid




3 Geography

3.1 Climate
3.2 Biodiversity

3.2.1 Animals
3.2.2 Fungi
3.2.3 Plants


3.3 Conservation issues


4 Politics and government

4.1 Law
4.2 Foreign relations
4.3 Military
4.4 Administrative divisions


5 Economy

5.1 Labour market
5.2 Science and technology
5.3 Water supply and sanitation


6 Demographics

6.1 Languages
6.2 Urban centres
6.3 Religion


7 Culture

7.1 Arts
7.2 Popular culture
7.3 Cuisine
7.4 Sports


8 Education
9 Health

9.1 HIV/AIDS


10 See also
11 Notes
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Name
See also: Official names of South Africa
The name "South Africa" is derived from the country's geographic location at the southern tip of Africa. Upon formation the country was named the Union of South Africa in English, reflecting its origin from the unification of four formerly separate British colonies. Since 1961 the long form name in English has been the "Republic of South Africa". In Dutch the country was named Republiek van Zuid-Afrika, replaced in 1983 by the Afrikaans Republiek van Suid-Afrika. Since 1994 the Republic has had an official name in each of its 11 official languages.
Mzansi, derived from the Xhosa noun umzantsi meaning "south", is a colloquial name for South Africa,[20][21] while some Pan-Africanist political parties prefer the term "Azania".[22]
History
Main article: History of South Africa
Prehistoric finds
South Africa contains some of the oldest archaeological and human fossil sites in the world.[23][24][25] Extensive fossil remains have been recovered from a series of caves in Gauteng Province. The area is a UNESCO World Heritage site and has been termed the Cradle of Humankind. The sites include Sterkfontein, which is one of the richest hominin fossil sites in the world. Other sites include Swartkrans, Gondolin Cave Kromdraai, Coopers Cave and Malapa. The first hominin fossil discovered in Africa, the Taung Child was found near Taung in 1924. Further hominin remains have been recovered from the sites of Makapansgat in Limpopo, Cornelia and Florisbad in the Free State, Border Cave in KwaZulu-Natal, Klasies River Mouth in eastern Cape and Pinnacle Point, Elandsfontein and Die Kelders Cave in Western Cape. These sites suggest that various hominid species existed in South Africa from about three million years ago starting with Australopithecus africanus.[26] These were succeeded by various species, including Australopithecus sediba, Homo ergaster, Homo erectus, Homo rhodesiensis, Homo helmei, Homo naledi and modern humans, Homo sapiens. Modern humans have inhabited Southern Africa for at least 170,000 years.
Within the Vaal River valley, pebble tools have been located.[27]
Bantu expansion




Mapungubwe Hill, the site of the former capital of the Kingdom of Mapungubwe


Settlements of Bantu-speaking peoples, who were iron-using agriculturists and herdsmen, were already present south of the Limpopo River (now the northern border with Botswana and Zimbabwe) by the 4th or 5th century CE. (See Bantu expansion.) They displaced, conquered and absorbed the original Khoisan speakers, the Khoikhoi and San peoples. The Bantu slowly moved south. The earliest ironworks in modern-day KwaZulu-Natal Province are believed to date from around 1050. The southernmost group was the Xhosa people, whose language incorporates certain linguistic traits from the earlier Khoisan people. The Xhosa reached the Great Fish River, in today's Eastern Cape Province. As they migrated, these larger Iron Age populations displaced or assimilated earlier peoples. In Mpumalanga, several stone circles have been found along with the stone arrangement that has been named Adam's Calendar.
Portuguese contacts
At the time of European contact, the dominant ethnic group were Bantu-speaking peoples who had migrated from other parts of Africa about one thousand years before. The two major historic groups were the Xhosa and Zulu peoples.
In 1487, the Portuguese explorer Bartolomeu Dias led the first European voyage to land in southern Africa.[28] On 4 December, he landed at Walfisch Bay (now known as Walvis Bay in present-day Namibia). This was south of the furthest point reached in 1485 by his predecessor, the Portuguese navigator Diogo Cão (Cape Cross, north of the bay). Dias continued down the western coast of southern Africa. After 8 January 1488, prevented by storms from proceeding along the coast, he sailed out of sight of land and passed the southernmost point of Africa without seeing it. He reached as far up the eastern coast of Africa as, what he called, Rio do Infante, probably the present-day Groot River, in May 1488, but on his return he saw the Cape, which he first named Cabo das Tormentas (Cape of Storms). His King, John II, renamed the point Cabo da Boa Esperança, or Cape of Good Hope, as it led to the riches of the East Indies.[29] Dias' feat of navigation was later immortalised in Luís de Camões' Portuguese epic poem, The Lusiads (1572).
Dutch colonisation
See also: History of Cape Colony and Dutch Cape Colony




Charles Davidson Bell's 19th-century painting of Jan van Riebeeck, who founded the first European settlement in South Africa, arrives in Table Bay in 1652.


By the early 17th century, Portugal's maritime power was starting to decline, and English and Dutch merchants competed to oust Lisbon from its lucrative monopoly on the spice trade.[30] Representatives of the British East India Company did call sporadically at the Cape in search of provisions as early as 1601, but later came to favour Ascension Island and St. Helena as alternative ports of refuge.[31] Dutch interest was aroused after 1647, when two employees of the Dutch East India Company (VOC) were shipwrecked there for several months. The sailors were able to survive by obtaining fresh water and meat from the natives.[31] They also sowed vegetables in the fertile soil.[32] Upon their return to Holland they reported favourably on the Cape's potential as a "warehouse and garden" for provisions to stock passing ships for long voyages.[31]
In 1652, a century and a half after the discovery of the Cape sea route, Jan van Riebeeck established a victualing station at the Cape of Good Hope, at what would become Cape Town, on behalf of the Dutch East India Company.[33][34] In time, the Cape become home to a large population of "vrijlieden", also known as "vrijburgers" (free citizens), former Company employees who stayed in Dutch territories overseas after serving their contracts.[34] Dutch traders also imported thousands of slaves to the fledgling colony from Indonesia, Madagascar, and parts of eastern Africa.[35] Some of the earliest mixed race communities in the country were later formed through unions between vrijburgers, their slaves, and various indigenous peoples.[36] This led to the development of a new ethnic group, the Cape Coloureds, most of whom adopted the Dutch language and Christian faith.[36]
The eastward expansion of Dutch colonists ushered in a series of wars with the southwesterly migrating Xhosa tribe, as both sides competed for the pastureland necessary to graze their cattle near the Great Fish River.[37] Vrijburgers who became independent farmers on the frontier were known as Boers, with some adopting semi-nomadic lifestyles being denoted as trekboers.[37] The Boers formed loose militias, which they termed commandos, and forged alliances with Khoisan groups to repel Xhosa raids.[37] Both sides launched bloody but inconclusive offensives, and sporadic violence, often accompanied by livestock theft, remained common for several decades.[37]
British colonisation
Great Britain occupied Cape Town between 1795 and 1803 to prevent it from falling under the control of the French First Republic, which had invaded the Low Countries.[37] Despite briefly returning to Dutch rule under the Batavian Republic in 1803, the Cape was occupied again by the British in 1806.[38] Following the end of the Napoleonic Wars, it was formally ceded to Great Britain and became an integral part of the British Empire.[39] British immigration to South Africa began around 1818, subsequently culminating in the arrival of the 1820 Settlers.[39] The new colonists were induced to settle for a variety of reasons, namely to increase the size of the European workforce and to bolster frontier regions against Xhosa incursions.[39]




Depiction of a Zulu attack on a Boer camp in February 1838


In the first two decades of the 19th century, the Zulu people grew in power and expanded their territory under their leader, Shaka.[40] Shaka's warfare led indirectly to the Mfecane ("crushing") that devastated and depopulated the inland plateau in the early 1820s.[41][42] An offshoot of the Zulu, the Matabele people created a larger empire that included large parts of the highveld under their king Mzilikazi.
During the early 1800s, many Dutch settlers departed from the Cape Colony, where they had been subjected to British control. They migrated to the future Natal, Orange Free State, and Transvaal regions. The Boers founded the Boer Republics: the South African Republic (now Gauteng, Limpopo, Mpumalanga and North West provinces) and the Orange Free State (Free State).
The discovery of diamonds in 1867 and gold in 1884 in the interior started the Mineral Revolution and increased economic growth and immigration. This intensified British efforts to gain control over the indigenous peoples. The struggle to control these important economic resources was a factor in relations between Europeans and the indigenous population and also between the Boers and the British.[43]
The Anglo-Zulu War was fought in 1879 between the British Empire and the Zulu Kingdom. Following Lord Carnarvon's successful introduction of federation in Canada, it was thought that similar political effort, coupled with military campaigns, might succeed with the African kingdoms, tribal areas and Boer republics in South Africa. In 1874, Sir Henry Bartle Frere was sent to South Africa as High Commissioner for the British Empire to bring such plans into being. Among the obstacles were the presence of the independent states of the South African Republic and the Kingdom of Zululand and its army. The Zulu nation spectacularly defeated the British at the Battle of Isandlwana. Eventually though the war was lost resulting in the end of the Zulu nation's independence.




Boers in combat (1881)


The Boer Republics successfully resisted British encroachments during the First Boer War (1880–1881) using guerrilla warfare tactics, which were well suited to local conditions. The British returned with greater numbers, more experience, and new strategy in the Second Boer War (1899–1902) but suffered heavy casualties through attrition; nonetheless, they were ultimately successful.
Independence
Within the country, anti-British policies among white South Africans focused on independence. During the Dutch and British colonial years, racial segregation was mostly informal, though some legislation was enacted to control the settlement and movement of native people, including the Native Location Act of 1879 and the system of pass laws.[44][45][46][47][48]
Eight years after the end of the Second Boer War and after four years of negotiation, an act of the British Parliament (South Africa Act 1909) granted nominal independence, while creating the Union of South Africa on 31 May 1910. The Union was a dominion that included the former territories of the Cape and Natal colonies, as well as the republics of Orange Free State and Transvaal.[49]
The Natives' Land Act of 1913 severely restricted the ownership of land by blacks; at that stage natives controlled only 7% of the country. The amount of land reserved for indigenous peoples was later marginally increased.[50]
In 1931 the union was fully sovereign from the United Kingdom with the passage of the Statute of Westminster, which abolished the last powers of the British Government on the country. In 1934, the South African Party and National Party merged to form the United Party, seeking reconciliation between Afrikaners and English-speaking "Whites". In 1939 the party split over the entry of the Union into World War II as an ally of the United Kingdom, a move which the National Party followers strongly opposed.
Beginning of apartheid




"For use by white persons" – apartheid sign


In 1948, the National Party was elected to power. It strengthened the racial segregation begun under Dutch and British colonial rule. The Nationalist Government classified all peoples into three races and developed rights and limitations for each. The white minority (less than 20%[51]) controlled the vastly larger black majority. The legally institutionalised segregation became known as apartheid. While whites enjoyed the highest standard of living in all of Africa, comparable to First World Western nations, the black majority remained disadvantaged by almost every standard, including income, education, housing, and life expectancy. The Freedom Charter, adopted in 1955 by the Congress Alliance, demanded a non-racial society and an end to discrimination.
Republic
On 31 May 1961, the country became a republic following a referendum in which white voters narrowly voted in favour thereof (the British-dominated Natal province rallied against the issue).[52] Queen Elizabeth II was stripped of the title Queen of South Africa, and the last Governor-General, namely Charles Robberts Swart, became State President. As a concession to the Westminster system, the presidency remained parliamentary appointed and virtually powerless until P. W. Botha's Constitution Act of 1983, which (intact in these regards) eliminated the office of Prime Minister and instated a near-unique "strong presidency" responsible to parliament. Pressured by other Commonwealth of Nations countries, South Africa withdrew from the organisation in 1961, and rejoined it only in 1994.
Despite opposition both within and outside the country, the government legislated for a continuation of apartheid. The security forces cracked down on internal dissent, and violence became widespread, with anti-apartheid organisations such as the African National Congress, the Azanian People's Organisation, and the Pan-Africanist Congress carrying out guerrilla warfare[53] and urban sabotage.[54] The three rival resistance movements also engaged in occasional inter-factional clashes as they jockeyed for domestic influence.[55] Apartheid became increasingly controversial, and several countries began to boycott business with the South African government because of its racial policies. These measures were later extended to international sanctions and the divestment of holdings by foreign investors.[56][57]




F. W. de Klerk and Nelson Mandela shake hands in January 1992


In the late 1970s, South Africa initiated a programme of nuclear weapons development. In the following decade, it produced six deliverable nuclear weapons.[58][59]
End of apartheid
The Mahlabatini Declaration of Faith, signed by Mangosuthu Buthelezi and Harry Schwarz in 1974, enshrined the principles of peaceful transition of power and equality for all, the first of such agreements by black and white political leaders in South Africa. Ultimately, F. W. de Klerk opened bilateral discussions with Nelson Mandela in 1993 for a transition of policies and government.
In 1990 the National Party government took the first step towards dismantling discrimination when it lifted the ban on the African National Congress and other political organisations. It released Nelson Mandela from prison after twenty-seven years' serving a sentence for sabotage. A negotiation process followed. With approval from a predominantly white referendum, the government repealed apartheid legislation. South Africa also destroyed its nuclear arsenal and acceded to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty. South Africa held its first universal elections in 1994, which the ANC won by an overwhelming majority. It has been in power ever since. The country rejoined the Commonwealth of Nations and became a member of the Southern African Development Community (SADC).




Nelson Mandela, first black African President of Republic of South Africa


In post-apartheid South Africa, unemployment has been extremely high as the country has struggled with many changes. While many blacks have risen to middle or upper classes, the overall unemployment rate of blacks worsened between 1994 and 2003.[60] Poverty among whites, previously rare, increased.[61] In addition, the current government has struggled to achieve the monetary and fiscal discipline to ensure both redistribution of wealth and economic growth. Since the ANC-led government took power, the United Nations Human Development Index of South Africa has fallen, while it was steadily rising until the mid-1990s.[62] Some may be attributed to the HIV/AIDS pandemic, and the failure of the government to take steps to address it in the early years.[63]
In May 2008, riots left over sixty people dead.[64] The Centre on Housing Rights and Evictions estimates over 100,000 people were driven from their homes.[65] The targets were mainly migrants and refugees seeking asylum, but a third of the victims were South African citizens.[64] In a 2006 survey, the South African Migration Project concluded that South Africans are more opposed to immigration than anywhere else in the world.[66] The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in 2008 reported over 200,000 refugees applied for asylum in South Africa, almost four times as many as the year before.[67] These people were mainly from Zimbabwe, though many also come from Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Rwanda, Eritrea, Ethiopia and Somalia.[67] Competition over jobs, business opportunities, public services and housing has led to tension between refugees and host communities.[67] While xenophobia is still a problem, recent violence has not been as widespread as initially feared.[67]
Geography
Main article: Geography of South Africa




A map of South Africa showing the main topographic features: the Central Plateau edged by the Great Escarpment, and the Cape Fold Belt in the south-west corner of the country






Important geographical regions in South Africa. The thick line traces the course of the Great Escarpment which edges the central plateau. The eastern portion of this line, coloured red, is known as the Drakensberg. The Escarpment rises to its highest point, at over 3000 m, where the Drakensberg forms the border between KwaZulu-Natal and Lesotho. None of the regions indicated on the map has a sharp well-defined border, except where the Escarpment, or a range of mountains forms a clear dividing line between two regions. Some of the better known regions are coloured in; the others are simply indicated by their names, as they would be in an atlas.


South Africa is located at the southernmost region of Africa, with a long coastline that stretches more than 2,500 km (1,553 mi) and along two oceans (the South Atlantic and the Indian). At 1,219,912 km2 (471,011 sq mi),[68] South Africa is the 25th-largest country in the world and is comparable in size to Colombia. Mafadi in the Drakensberg at 3,450 m (11,320 ft) is the highest peak in South Africa. Excluding the Prince Edward Islands, the country lies between latitudes 22° and 35°S, and longitudes 16° and 33°E.
The interior of South Africa consists of a vast, in most places almost flat, plateau with an altitude of between 1,000 m (3,300 ft) and 2,100 m (6,900 ft), highest in the east and sloping gently downwards towards the west and north, and slightly less noticeably so to the south and south-west.[69] This plateau is surrounded by the Great Escarpment[70] whose eastern, and highest, stretch is known as the Drakensberg.[71]
The south and south-western parts of the plateau (at approximately 1100–1800 m above sea level), and the adjoining plain below (at approximately 700–800 m above sea level – see map on the right) is known as the Great Karoo, which consists of sparsely populated scrubland. To the north the Great Karoo fades into the even drier and more arid Bushmanland, which eventually becomes the Kalahari desert in the very north-west of the country. The mid-eastern, and highest part of the plateau is known as the Highveld. This relatively well-watered area is home to a great proportion of the country’s commercial farmlands, and contains its largest conurbation (Gauteng Province). To the north of Highveld, from about the 25° 30' S line of latitude, the plateau slopes downwards into the Bushveld, which ultimately gives way to the Limpopo lowlands or Lowveld.[70]




Flat topped hills (called Karoo Koppies) are highly characteristic of the southern and southwestern Karoo landscape. These hills are capped by hard, erosion resistant dolerite sills. This is solidified lava that was forced under high pressure between the horizontal strata of the sedimentary rocks that make up most of the Karoo’s geology about 180 million years ago. Since then Southern Africa has undergone a prolonged period of erosion removing the relatively soft Karoo rocks, except where they are protected by a cap of dolerite. This photograph was taken near Cradock in the Eastern Cape.


The coastal belt, below the Great Escarpment, moving clockwise from the northeast, consists of the Limpopo Lowveld, which merges into the Mpumalanga Lowveld, below the Mpumalanga Drakensberg (the eastern portion of the Great Escarpment).[72] This is hotter, drier and less intensely cultivated than the Highveld above the escarpment.[70] The Kruger National Park, located in the provinces of Limpopo and Mpumalanga in northeastern South Africa, occupies a large portion of the Lowveld covering 19,633 square kilometres (7,580 sq mi.) [73] South of the Lowveld the annual rainfall increases as one enters KwaZulu-Natal Province, which, especially near the coast, is subtropically hot and humid. The KwaZulu-Natal – Lesotho international border is formed by the highest portion of the Great Escarpment, or Drakensberg, which reaches an altitude of over 3,000 m (9,800 ft).[74] The climate at the foot of this part of the Drakensberg is temperate.




Drakensberg, the eastern and highest portion of the Great Escarpment which surrounds the east, south and western borders of the central plateau of Southern Africa


The coastal belt below the south and south-western stretches of the Great Escarpment contains several ranges of Cape Fold Mountains which run parallel to the coast, separating the Great Escarpment from the ocean.[75][76] (These parallel ranges of fold mountains are shown on the map, above left. Note the course of the Great Escarpment to the north of these mountain ranges.) The land (at approximately 400–500 m above sea level) between two of these ranges of fold mountains in the south (i.e. between the Outeniqua and Langeberg ranges to the south and the Swartberg range to the north) is known as the Little Karoo,[70] which consists of semi-desert scrubland similar to that of the Great Karoo, except that its northern strip along the foothills of the Swartberg Mountains, has a somewhat higher rainfall and is therefore more cultivated than the Great Karoo. The Little Karoo is historically, and still, famous for its ostrich farming around the town of Oudtshoorn. The lowland area (700–800 m above sea level) to the north of the Swartberg mountain range up to the Great Escarpment is the lowland part of the Great Karoo (see map at top right), which is climatically and botanically almost indistinguishable from the Karoo above the Great Escarpment. The narrow coastal strip between the most seaward Cape Fold Mountain range (i.e., the Langeberg–Outeniqua mountains) and the ocean has a moderately high year-round rainfall, especially in the George-Knysna-Plettenberg Bay region, which is known as the Garden Route. It is famous for the most extensive areas of indigenous forests in South Africa (a generally forest-poor country).
In the south-west corner of the country the Cape Peninsula forms the southernmost tip of the coastal strip which borders the Atlantic Ocean, and ultimately terminates at the country’s border with Namibia at the Orange River. The Cape Peninsula has a Mediterranean climate, making it and its immediate surrounds the only portion of Africa south of the Sahara which receives most of its rainfall in winter.[77][78] The greater Cape Town metropolitan area is situated on the Cape Peninsula and is home to 3.7 million people according to the 2011 population census. It is the country's legislative capital.




Spring flowers in Namaqualand


The coastal belt to the north of the Cape Peninsula is bounded on the west by the Atlantic Ocean and the first row of north-south running Cape Fold Mountains to the east. The Cape Fold Mountains peter out at about the 32° S line of latitude,[76] after which the coastal plain is bounded by the Great Escarpment itself. The most southerly portion of this coastal belt is known as the Swartland and Malmesbury Plain, which is an important wheat growing region, relying on winter rains. The region further north is known as Namaqualand,[79] which becomes more and more arid as one approaches the Orange River. The little rain that falls, tends to fall in winter,[78] which results in one of the world’s most spectacular displays of flowers carpeting huge stretches of veld in spring (August–September).




Cape Floral Region Protected Areas.


South Africa also has one possession, the small sub-Antarctic archipelago of the Prince Edward Islands, consisting of Marion Island (290 km2 or 110 sq mi) and Prince Edward Island (45 km2 or 17 sq mi) (not to be confused with the Canadian province of the same name).
Climate
Main article: Climate of South Africa




Köppen climate types of South Africa


South Africa has a generally temperate climate, due in part to being surrounded by the Atlantic and Indian Oceans on three sides, by its location in the climatically milder Southern Hemisphere and due to the average elevation rising steadily towards the north (towards the equator) and further inland. Due to this varied topography and oceanic influence, a great variety of climatic zones exist. The climatic zones range from the extreme desert of the southern Namib in the farthest northwest to the lush subtropical climate in the east along the Mozambique border and the Indian Ocean. Winters in South Africa occur between June and August.
The extreme southwest has a climate remarkably similar to that of the Mediterranean with wet winters and hot, dry summers, hosting the famous fynbos biome of shrubland and thicket. This area also produces much of the wine in South Africa. This region is also particularly known for its wind, which blows intermittently almost all year. The severity of this wind made passing around the Cape of Good Hope particularly treacherous for sailors, causing many shipwrecks. Further east on the south coast, rainfall is distributed more evenly throughout the year, producing a green landscape. This area is popularly known as the Garden Route.
The Free State is particularly flat because it lies centrally on the high plateau. North of the Vaal River, the Highveld becomes better watered and does not experience subtropical extremes of heat. Johannesburg, in the centre of the Highveld, is at 1,740 m (5,709 ft) and receives an annual rainfall of 760 mm (29.9 in). Winters in this region are cold, although snow is rare.
The high Drakensberg mountains, which form the south-eastern escarpment of the Highveld, offer limited skiing opportunities in winter. The coldest place on mainland South Africa is Sutherland in the western Roggeveld Mountains, where midwinter temperatures can reach as low as −15 °C (5 °F). The Prince Edward Islands have colder average annual temperatures, but Sutherland has colder extremes. The deep interior of mainland South Africa has the hottest temperatures: a temperature of 51.7 °C (125.06 °F) was recorded in 1948 in the Northern Cape Kalahari near Upington,[80] but this temperature is unofficial and was not recorded with standard equipment, the official highest temperature is 48.8 °C (119.84 °F) at Vioolsdrif in January 1993.[81]
Biodiversity
See also: Wildlife of South Africa and Protected areas of South Africa
South Africa signed the Rio Convention on Biological Diversity on 4 June 1994, and became a party to the convention on 2 November 1995.[82] It has subsequently produced a National Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plan, which was received by the convention on 7 June 2006.[83] The country is ranked sixth out of the world's seventeen megadiverse countries.[84]
Animals




South African giraffe, Kruger National Park


Numerous mammals are found in the bushveld including Transvaal lions, African leopards, South African cheetahs, southern white rhinos, blue wildebeest, kudus, impalas, hyenas, hippopotamuses and South African giraffes. A significant extent of the bushveld exists in the north-east including Kruger National Park and the Sabi Sand Game Reserve, as well as in the far north in the Waterberg Biosphere. South Africa houses many endemic species, among them the critically endangered riverine rabbit (Bunolagus monticullaris) in the Karoo.
Fungi
Up to 1945, more than 4900 species of fungi (including lichen-forming species) had been recorded.[85] In 2006, the total number of fungi which occur in South Africa was conservatively estimated at about 200,000 species, but that did not take into account fungi associated with insects.[86] If correct, then the number of South African fungi dwarfs that of its plants. In at least some major South African ecosystems, an exceptionally high percentage of fungi are highly specific in terms of the plants with which they occur.[87] The country's biodiversity strategy and action plan does not mention fungi (including lichen-forming fungi).[83]
Plants




Sub-tropical forest near Durban






Lowveld vegetation of the Kruger National Park


With more than 22,000 different higher plants, or about 9% of all the known species of plants on Earth,[88] South Africa is particularly rich in plant diversity. The most prevalent biome in South Africa is the grassland, particularly on the Highveld, where the plant cover is dominated by different grasses, low shrubs, and acacia trees, mainly camel-thorn and whitethorn. Vegetation becomes even more sparse towards the northwest due to low rainfall. There are several species of water-storing succulents like aloes and euphorbias in the very hot and dry Namaqualand area. The grass and thorn savannah turns slowly into a bush savannah towards the north-east of the country, with denser growth. There are significant numbers of baobab trees in this area, near the northern end of Kruger National Park.[89]
The fynbos biome, which makes up the majority of the area and plant life in the Cape floristic region, one of the six floral kingdoms, is located in a small region of the Western Cape and contains more than 9,000 of those species, making it among the richest regions on earth in terms of plant diversity.[citation needed] Most of the plants are evergreen hard-leaf plants with fine, needle-like leaves, such as the sclerophyllous plants. Another uniquely South African flowering plant group is the genus Protea. There are around 130 different species of Protea in South Africa.
While South Africa has a great wealth of flowering plants, only 1% of South Africa is forest, almost exclusively in the humid coastal plain of KwaZulu-Natal, where there are also areas of Southern Africa mangroves in river mouths. There are even smaller reserves of forests that are out of the reach of fire, known as montane forests. Plantations of imported tree species are predominant, particularly the non-native eucalyptus and pine.
Conservation issues
South Africa has lost a large area of natural habitat in the last four decades, primarily due to overpopulation, sprawling development patterns and deforestation during the 19th century. South Africa is one of the worst affected countries in the world when it comes to invasion by alien species with many (e.g. black wattle, Port Jackson willow, Hakea, Lantana and Jacaranda) posing a significant threat to the native biodiversity and the already scarce water resources. The original temperate forest found by the first European settlers was exploited ruthlessly until only small patches remained. Currently, South African hardwood trees like real yellowwood (Podocarpus latifolius), stinkwood (Ocotea bullata), and South African black ironwood (Olea laurifolia) are under government protection. Statistics from the South African Environmental Affairs department show a record 1215 rhinos have been killed in 2014.[90]
Climate change is expected to bring considerable warming and drying to much of this already semi-arid region, with greater frequency and intensity of extreme weather events such as heatwaves, flooding and drought. According to computer generated climate modelling produced by the South African National Biodiversity Institute[91] parts of southern Africa will see an increase in temperature by about one degree Celsius along the coast to more than four degrees Celsius in the already hot hinterland such as the Northern Cape in late spring and summertime by 2050. The Cape Floral Kingdom, been identified as one of the global biodiversity hotspots, it will be hit very hard by climate change. Drought, increased intensity and frequency of fire and climbing temperatures are expected to push many rare species towards extinction.


Biodiversity of South Africa


King protea, national flower



Fynbos, Cape Floristic Region



Blue crane, national bird



Flowers in the West Coast National Park




Politics and government
Main articles: Government of South Africa, Politics of South Africa, Law of South Africa, and Human rights in South Africa




Union Buildings in Pretoria, seat of the executive






Houses of Parliament in Cape Town, seat of the legislature


South Africa is a parliamentary republic, although unlike most such republics the President is both head of state and head of government, and depends for his tenure on the confidence of Parliament. The executive, legislature and judiciary are all subject to the supremacy of the Constitution, and the superior courts have the power to strike down executive actions and acts of Parliament if they are unconstitutional.
The National Assembly, the lower house of Parliament, consists of 400 members and is elected every five years by a system of party-list proportional representation. The National Council of Provinces, the upper house, consists of ninety members, with each of the nine provincial legislatures electing ten members.
After each parliamentary election, the National Assembly elects one of its members as President; hence the President serves a term of office the same as that of the Assembly, normally five years. No President may serve more than two terms in office.[92] The President appoints a Deputy President and Ministers, who form the Cabinet which consists of Departments and Ministries. The President and the Cabinet may be removed by the National Assembly by a motion of no confidence.




Jacob Zuma, President of South Africa since 2009


In the most recent election, held on 7 May 2014, the African National Congress (ANC) won 62.2% of the vote and 249 seats, while the main opposition, the Democratic Alliance (DA) won 22.2% of the vote and 89 seats. The Economic Freedom Fighters, founded by Julius Malema, the former President of the ANC's Youth Wing who was later expelled from the ANC, won 6.4% of the vote and 25 seats. The ANC has been the governing political party in South Africa since the end of apartheid.
South Africa has no legally defined capital city. The fourth chapter of the Constitution of South Africa, states that "The seat of Parliament is Cape Town, but an Act of Parliament enacted in accordance with section 76(1) and (5) may determine that the seat of Parliament is elsewhere."[93] The country's three branches of government are split over different cities. Cape Town, as the seat of Parliament, is the legislative capital; Pretoria, as the seat of the President and Cabinet, is the administrative capital; and Bloemfontein, as the seat of the Supreme Court of Appeal, is the judicial capital, while the Constitutional Court of South Africa sits in Johannesburg. Most foreign embassies are located in Pretoria.
Since 2004, South Africa has had many thousands of popular protests, some violent, making it, according to one academic, the "most protest-rich country in the world".[94] There have been a number of incidents of political repression as well as threats of future repression in violation of this constitution leading some analysts and civil society organisations to conclude that there is or could be a new climate of political repression,[95][96] or a decline in political tolerance.[97]
In 2008, South Africa placed 5th out of 48 sub-Saharan African countries on the Ibrahim Index of African Governance. South Africa scored well in the categories of Rule of Law, Transparency & Corruption and Participation & Human Rights, but was let down by its relatively poor performance in Safety & Security.[98] In November 2006, South Africa became the first African country to legalise same-sex marriage.[99]
Law
See also: Crime in South Africa




Constitutional Court in Johannesburg


The Constitution of South Africa is the supreme rule of law in the country. The primary sources of South African law are Roman-Dutch mercantile law and personal law with English Common law, as imports of Dutch settlements and British colonialism.[100] The first European based law in South Africa was brought by the Dutch East India Company and is called Roman-Dutch law. It was imported before the codification of European law into the Napoleonic Code and is comparable in many ways to Scots law. This was followed in the 19th century by English law, both common and statutory. Starting in 1910 with unification, South Africa had its own parliament which passed laws specific for South Africa, building on those previously passed for the individual member colonies.
The judicial system consists of the magistrates' courts, which hear lesser criminal cases and smaller civil cases; the High Courts, which are courts of general jurisdiction for specific areas; the Supreme Court of Appeal, which is the highest court in all but constitutional matters; and the Constitutional Court, which hears only constitutional matters.




Soweto Pride 2012 participants protest against violence against lesbians. Human Rights in the country are widely positivized into laws but some groups still are socially discriminated. It is the first country in Africa recognizing same sex marriage.


Nearly 50 murders are committed each day in South Africa.[101] In the year ended March 2014 there were 17,068 murders and the murder rate was 32.2 per 100,000 - about five times higher than the global average of 6 per 100,000.[102] Middle-class South Africans seek security in gated communities.[103] The private security industry in South Africa is the largest in the world,[104] with nearly 9,000 registered companies and 400,000 registered active private security guards, more than the South African police and army combined.[105] Many emigrants from South Africa also state that crime was a big motivator for them to leave.[106] Crime against the farming community has continued to be a major problem.[107]
It is estimated that 500,000 women are raped in South Africa every year[108] with the average woman more likely to be raped than complete secondary school.[109] A 2009 survey found one in four South African men admitted to raping someone[110] and another survey found one in three women out of 4000 surveyed women said they had been raped in the past year.[111] Rapes are also perpetrated by children (some as young as ten).[112] Child and baby rape incidences are some of the highest in the world, largely as a result of the virgin cleansing myth, and a number of high-profile cases (sometimes as young as eight months[112]) have outraged the nation.[113]
Foreign relations
Main article: Foreign relations of South Africa




Leaders of the BRICS nations at the G-20 summit in Hangzhou, 2016


As the Union of South Africa, the country was a founding member of the United Nations. The then Prime Minister Jan Smuts wrote the preamble to the United Nations Charter.[114][115] South Africa is one of the founding members of the African Union (AU), and has the second largest economy of all the members. It is also a founding member of the AU's New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD).
South Africa has played a key role as a mediator in African conflicts over the last decade, such as in Burundi, the Democratic Republic of Congo, the Comoros, and Zimbabwe. After apartheid ended, South Africa was readmitted to the Commonwealth of Nations. The country is a member of the Group of 77 and chaired the organisation in 2006. South Africa is also a member of the Southern African Development Community, South Atlantic Peace and Cooperation Zone, Southern African Customs Union, Antarctic Treaty System, World Trade Organization, International Monetary Fund, G20, G8+5, and the Port Management Association of Eastern and Southern Africa.
South African President Jacob Zuma and Chinese President Hu Jintao upgraded bilateral ties between the two countries on 24 August 2010, when they signed the Beijing Agreement, which elevated South Africa's earlier "strategic partnership" with China to the higher level of "comprehensive strategic partnership" in both economic and political affairs, including the strengthening of exchanges between their respective ruling parties and legislatures.[116][117] In April 2011, South Africa formally joined the Brazil-Russia-India-China (BRICS) grouping of countries, identified by President Zuma as the country's largest trading partners, and also the largest trading partners with Africa as a whole. Zuma asserted that BRICS member countries would also work with each other through the UN, the Group of Twenty (G20) and the India, Brazil South Africa (IBSA) forum.[118]
Military
Main article: South African National Defence Force




SANDF soldiers


The South African National Defence Force (SANDF) was created in 1994,[119][120] as an all volunteer force composed of the former South African Defence Force, the forces of the African nationalist groups (Umkhonto we Sizwe and Azanian People's Liberation Army), and the former Bantustan defence forces.[119] The SANDF is subdivided into four branches, the South African Army, the South African Air Force, the South African Navy, and the South African Military Health Service.[121] In recent years, the SANDF has become a major peacekeeping force in Africa,[122] and has been involved in operations in Lesotho, the Democratic Republic of the Congo,[122] and Burundi,[122] amongst others. It has also served in multi-national UN peacekeeping forces such as the United Nations Force Intervention Brigade for example.
South Africa is the only African country to have successfully developed nuclear weapons. It became the first country (followed by Ukraine) with nuclear capability to voluntarily renounce and dismantle its programme and in the process signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 1991.[123] South Africa undertook a nuclear weapons programme in the 1970s[123] According to former state president FW de Klerk, the decision to build a "nuclear deterrent" was taken "as early as 1974 against a backdrop of a Soviet expansionist threat."[124] South Africa is alleged to have conducted a nuclear test over the Atlantic in 1979,[125] although this is officially denied. Former president FW de Klerk maintained that South Africa had "never conducted a clandestine nuclear test."[124] Six nuclear devices were completed between 1980 and 1990, but all were dismantled before South Africa signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 1991.[124]
Administrative divisions
Main article: Provinces of South Africa




Provinces of South Africa


Each of the nine provinces is governed by a unicameral legislature, which is elected every five years by party-list proportional representation. The legislature elects a Premier as head of government, and the Premier appoints an Executive Council as a provincial cabinet. The powers of provincial governments are limited to topics listed in the Constitution; these topics include such fields as health, education, public housing and transport.
The provinces are in turn divided into 52 districts: 8 metropolitan and 44 district municipalities. The district municipalities are further subdivided into 226 local municipalities. The metropolitan municipalities, which govern the largest urban agglomerations, perform the functions of both district and local municipalities.


Province
Provincial capital
Largest city
Area (km2)[126]
Population (2013)[4]


Eastern Cape
Bhisho
Port Elizabeth
168,966
6,620,100


Free State
Bloemfontein
Bloemfontein
129,825
2,753,200


Gauteng
Johannesburg
Johannesburg
18,178
12,728,400


KwaZulu-Natal
Pietermaritzburg
Durban
94,361
10,456,900


Limpopo
Polokwane
Polokwane
125,754
5,518,000


Mpumalanga
Nelspruit
Mbombela
76,495
4,128,000


North West
Mahikeng
Rustenburg
104,882
3,597,600


Northern Cape
Kimberley
Kimberley
372,889
1,162,900


Western Cape
Cape Town
Cape Town
129,462
6,016,900


Economy




Annual per capita personal income by ethnic group in South Africa relative to white levels


Main article: Economy of South Africa




The JSE is the largest stock exchange on the African continent.


South Africa has a mixed economy, the second-largest in Africa after Nigeria. It also has a relatively high GDP per capita compared to other countries in Sub-Saharan Africa ($11,750 at PPP as of 2012). Despite this, South Africa is still burdened by a relatively high rate of poverty and unemployment, and is also ranked in the Top 10 countries in the world for income inequality,[127][128][129] measured by the Gini coefficient.
Unlike most of the world's poor countries, South Africa does not have a thriving informal economy. Only 15% of South African jobs are in the informal sector, compared with around half in Brazil and India and nearly three-quarters in Indonesia. The OECD attributes this difference to South Africa's widespread welfare system.[130] World Bank research shows that South Africa has one of the widest gaps between per capita GNP versus its Human Development Index ranking, with only Botswana showing a larger gap.[131]
After 1994, government policy brought down inflation, stabilised public finances, and some foreign capital was attracted, however growth was still subpar.[132] From 2004 onwards, economic growth picked up significantly; both employment and capital formation increased.[132] During the presidency of Jacob Zuma, the government has begun to increase the role of state-owned enterprises. Some of the biggest state-owned companies are Eskom, the electric power monopoly, South African Airways (SAA), and Transnet, the railway and ports monopoly. Some of these state-owned companies have not been profitable, such as SAA, which has required bailouts totaling R30,000,000,000 ($2,300,000,000) over twenty years.[133]
South Africa is a popular tourist destination, and a substantial amount of revenue comes from tourism.[134] Illegal immigrants are involved in informal trading.[135] Many emigrants to South Africa continue to live in poor conditions, and the immigration policy has become increasingly restrictive since 1994.[136]
Principal international trading partners of South Africa—outside Africa—include: Germany, the United States, China, Japan, the United Kingdom and Spain.[137]
The South African agricultural industry contributes around 10% of formal employment, relatively low compared to other parts of Africa, as well as providing work for casual labourers and contributing around 2.6% of GDP for the nation.[138] Due to the aridity of the land, only 13.5% of the land can be used for crop production, and only 3% is considered high potential land.[139]
In August 2013, South Africa was ranked as the top African Country of the Future by FDi magazine based on the country's economic potential, labour environment, cost-effectiveness, infrastructure, business friendliness, and Foreign direct investment Strategy.[140]
The FSI ranks South Africa as the 36th safest tax haven in the world, ahead of the Philippines but behind the Bahamas.
Labour market




Workers packing pears for export in the Ceres valley


During 1995–2003, the number of formal jobs decreased and informal jobs increased; overall unemployment worsened.[60]
The government's Black Economic Empowerment policies have drawn criticism from Neva Makgetla, lead economist for research and information at the Development Bank of Southern Africa, for focusing "almost exclusively on promoting individual ownership by black people (which) does little to address broader economic disparities, though the rich may become more diverse."[141] Official affirmative action policies have seen a rise in black economic wealth and an emerging black middle-class.[142] Other problems include state ownership and interference, which impose high barriers to entry in many areas.[143] Restrictive labour regulations have contributed to the unemployment malaise.[60]
Along with many other African countries, South Africa has been experiencing a "brain drain" within the past twenty years. This is believed to be potentially damaging for the regional economy,[144][not in citation given][clarification needed] and is almost certainly detrimental for the well-being of those reliant on the healthcare infrastructure.[145] The skills drain in South Africa tends to demonstrate racial contours given the skills distribution legacy of South Africa and has thus resulted in large white South African communities moving abroad.[146] However, the statistics which purport to show a brain drain are disputed and also do not account for repatriation and expiry of foreign work contracts. According to several surveys[147][148] there has been a reverse in brain drain following the global financial crisis of 2008-2009 and the expiry of foreign work contracts. In the first quarter of 2011, confidence levels for graduate professionals were recorded at a level of 84% in a PPS survey.[149]
Science and technology
Main article: Science and technology in South Africa




Mark Shuttleworth in space


Several important scientific and technological developments have originated in South Africa. The first human-to-human heart transplant was performed by cardiac surgeon Dr. Christiaan Barnard at Groote Schuur Hospital in December 1967, Max Theiler developed a vaccine against yellow fever, Allan McLeod Cormack pioneered x-ray computed tomography, and Aaron Klug developed crystallographic electron microscopy techniques. With the exception of that of Barnard, all of these advancements were recognised with Nobel Prizes. Sydney Brenner won most recently, in 2002, for his pioneering work in molecular biology.
Mark Shuttleworth founded an early Internet security company Thawte, that was subsequently bought out by world-leader VeriSign. Despite government efforts to encourage entrepreneurship in biotechnology, IT and other high technology fields, no other notable groundbreaking companies have been founded in South Africa. It is the expressed objective of the government to transition the economy to be more reliant on high technology, based on the realisation that South Africa cannot compete with Far Eastern economies in manufacturing, nor can the republic rely on its mineral wealth in perpetuity.
South Africa has cultivated a burgeoning astronomy community. It hosts the Southern African Large Telescope, the largest optical telescope in the Southern Hemisphere. South Africa is currently building the Karoo Array Telescope as a pathfinder for the €1,500,000,000 Square Kilometre Array project.[150] On 25 May 2012, it was announced that hosting of the Square Kilometer Array Telescope will be split over both the South African and the Australia/New Zealand sites.[151]
Water supply and sanitation
Main article: Water supply and sanitation in South Africa
After the end of Apartheid, South Africa's newly elected ANC government struggled with the-then growing service and backlogs with respect to access to Water supply and Sanitation developed. The government thus made a strong commitment to high service standards and to high levels of investment subsidies to achieve those standards. Since then, the country has made some progress with regard to improving access to water supply: It reached universal access to an improved water source in urban areas, and in rural areas the share of those with access increased from 66% to 79% from 1990 to 2010.[152]
South Africa also has a strong water industry with a track record in innovation. However, much less progress has been achieved on sanitation: Access increased only from 71% to 79% during the same period.[152] Significant problems remain concerning the financial sustainability of service providers, leading to a lack of attention to maintenance. The uncertainty about the government's ability to sustain funding levels in the sector is also a concern. Two distinctive features of the South African water sector are the policy of free basic water and the existence of water boards, which are bulk water supply agencies that operate pipelines and sell water from reservoirs to municipalities.
In May 2014, it was announced that Durban's Water and Sanitation Department won the Stockholm Industry Water Award "for its transformative and inclusive approach", calling it "one of the most progressive utilities in the world". The city has connected 1,300,000 additional people to piped water and provided 700,000 with access to toilets in fourteen years. It also was South Africa's first municipality to put free basic water for the poor into practice. Furthermore, it has promoted Rainwater harvesting and mini hydropower.[153]
Demographics
Main article: Demographics of South Africa




Migrations that formed the modern Rainbow Nation






Map of population density in South Africa




  <1 /km2
  1–3 /km2
  3–10 /km2
  10–30 /km2
  30–100 /km2



  100–300 /km2
  300–1000 /km2
  1000–3000 /km2
  >3000 /km2






South Africa is a nation of about 55,000,000 (2016 estimate) people of diverse origins, cultures, languages, and religions. The last census was held in 2011. South Africa is home to an estimated 5,000,000 illegal immigrants, including some 3,000,000 Zimbabweans.[154][155][156] A series of anti-immigrant riots occurred in South Africa beginning on 11 May 2008.[157][158]
Statistics South Africa asks people to describe themselves in the census in terms of five racial population groups.[159] The 2011 census figures for these groups were Black African at 79.2%, White at 8.9%, Coloured at 8.9%, Asian at 2.5%, and Other/Unspecified at 0.5%.[5]:21 The first census in South Africa in 1911 showed that whites made up 22% of the population; it declined to 16% in 1980.[160]
South Africa hosts a sizeable refugee and asylum seeker population. According to the World Refugee Survey 2008, published by the US Committee for Refugees and Immigrants, this population numbered approximately 144,700 people in 2007.[161] Groups of refugees and asylum seekers numbering over 10,000 included people from Zimbabwe (48,400), The Democratic Republic of the Congo (24,800), and Somalia (12,900).[161] These populations mainly lived in Johannesburg, Pretoria, Durban, Cape Town, and Port Elizabeth.[161] Many refugees have now also started to work and live in rural areas in provinces such as Mpumalanga, KwaZulu-Natal and the Eastern Cape.
Languages
Main article: Languages of South Africa




A map showing the dominant South African languages.



  Afrikaans
  English
  Ndebele
  Xhosa
  Zulu
  Northern Sotho



  Sotho
  Tswana
  Swazi
  Venda
  Tsonga
  None dominant






South Africa has eleven official languages:[162] Afrikaans, English, Ndebele, Northern Sotho, Sotho, Swazi, Tswana, Tsonga, Venda, Xhosa, and Zulu. In this regard it is third only to Bolivia and India in number. While all the languages are formally equal, some languages are spoken more than others. According to the 2011 census, the three most spoken first languages are Zulu (22.7%), Xhosa (16.0%), and Afrikaans (13.5%).[163] Despite the fact that English is recognised as the language of commerce and science, it ranked fourth, and was listed as the first language of only 9.6% of South Africans in 2011 but remains the de facto lingua franca of the nation.[163]
The country also recognises several unofficial languages, including Fanagalo, Khoe, Lobedu, Nama, Northern Ndebele, Phuthi, and South African Sign Language.[164] These unofficial languages may be used in certain official uses in limited areas where it has been determined that these languages are prevalent.
Many of the unofficial languages of the San and Khoikhoi people contain regional dialects stretching northwards into Namibia and Botswana, and elsewhere. These people, who are a physically distinct population from other Africans, have their own cultural identity based on their hunter-gatherer societies. They have been marginalised to a great extent, and the remainder of their languages are in danger of becoming extinct.
Many White South Africans also speak European languages, including Portuguese (also spoken by Black Angolans and Mozambicans), German, and Greek, while some Asians in South Africa speak Asian languages, such as Gujarati, Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, and Urdu. French is spoken in South Africa by immigrants from French-speaking parts of Africa.
Urban centres



 


v
t
e


Largest cities or towns in South Africa
2011 Census



Rank
Name
Province
Pop.


1
City of Johannesburg
Gauteng
4,434,827[165]


2
City of Cape Town
Western Cape
3,740,026[166]


3
EThekwini Metropolitan Municipality
KwaZulu-Natal
3,442,361[167]


4
Ekurhuleni
Gauteng
3,178,470[168]


5
City of Tshwane
Gauteng
2,921,488[169]


6
Nelson Mandela Bay
Eastern Cape
1,152,115[170]


7
Buffalo City Metropolitan Municipality
Eastern Cape
755,200[171]


8
Mangaung
Free State
747,431[172]


9
Emfuleni
Gauteng
721,663[173]


10
Polokwane Local Municipality
Limpopo
628,999 [174]


Religion
Main article: Religion in South Africa




Nederduits Gereformeerde Kerk in Wolmaransstad






Sangoma performing a traditional baptism in Alexandra, Johannesburg


According to the 2001 census, Christians accounted for 79.8% of the population, with a majority of them being members of various Protestant denominations (broadly defined to include syncretic African initiated churches) and a minority of Roman Catholics and other Christians. Christian category includes Zion Christian (11.1%), Pentecostal (Charismatic) (8.2%), Roman Catholic (7.1%), Methodist (6.8%), Dutch Reformed (Nederduits Gereformeerde Kerk; 6.7%), Anglican (3.8%). Members of remaining Christian churches accounted for another 36% of the population. Muslims accounted for 1.5% of the population, Hindus 1.2%, traditional African religion 0.3% and Judaism 0.2%. 15.1% had no religious affiliation, 0.6% were other and 1.4% were unspecified.[137][175][176]
African initiated churches formed the largest of the Christian groups. It was believed that many of the persons who claimed no affiliation with any organised religion adhered to traditional African religion. There are an estimated 200,000 indigenous traditional healers in South Africa, and up to 60% of South Africans consult these healers,[177] generally called sangomas or inyangas. These healers use a combination of ancestral spiritual beliefs and a belief in the spiritual and medicinal properties of local fauna and flora, commonly known as muti, to facilitate healing in clients. Many peoples have syncretic religious practices combining Christian and indigenous influences.[178]
South African Muslims comprise mainly those who are described as "Coloured" and those who are described as Indians. They have been joined by Black or White South African converts as well as others from other parts of Africa.[179] South African Muslims claim that their faith is the fastest-growing religion of conversion in the country, with the number of black Muslims growing sixfold, from 12,000 in 1991 to 74,700 in 2004.[179][180]
South Africa is also home to a substantial Jewish population, descended from European Jews who arrived as a minority among other European settlers. This population peaked in the 1970s at 120,000, though only around 67,000 remain today, the rest having emigrated. Even so, these numbers make the Jewish community in South Africa the twelfth largest in the world.[181]
Ethnic Indian Hindus form another significant portion of the population.[175]
Culture
Main article: Culture of South Africa




Decorated houses, Drakensberg


The South African black majority still has a substantial number of rural inhabitants who lead largely impoverished lives. It is among these people that cultural traditions survive most strongly; as Blacks have become increasingly urbanised and Westernised, aspects of traditional culture have declined. Members of the middle-class, who are predominantly White but whose ranks include growing numbers of Black, Coloured and Indian people,[182] have lifestyles similar in many respects to that of people found in Western Europe, North America and Australasia.
The South African Scout Association was one of the first youth organisations to open its doors to youth and adults of all races in South Africa. This happened on 2 July 1977 at a conference known as Quo Vadis.[183]
Arts




Eland, rock painting, Drakensberg


South African art includes the oldest art objects in the world, which were discovered in a South African cave, and dated from 75,000 years ago.[184] The scattered tribes of Khoisan peoples moving into South Africa from around 10,000 BC had their own fluent art styles seen today in a multitude of cave paintings. They were superseded by Bantu/Nguni peoples with their own vocabularies of art forms. New forms of art evolved in the mines and townships: a dynamic art using everything from plastic strips to bicycle spokes. The Dutch-influenced folk art of the Afrikaner Trekboers and the urban white artists earnestly following changing European traditions from the 1850s onwards also contributed to this eclectic mix, which continues to evolve today.




Olive Schreiner


South African literature emerged from a unique social and political history. One of the first well-known novels written by a Black author in an African language was Solomon Thekiso Plaatje's Mhudi, written in 1930. During the 1950s, Drum magazine became a hotbed of political satire, fiction, and essays, giving a voice to urban Black culture.
Notable White South African authors include Alan Paton, who published the acclaimed novel Cry, the Beloved Country in 1948. Nadine Gordimer became the first South African to be awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1991. Her most famous novel, July's People, was released in 1981. J.M. Coetzee won the Nobel Prize for Literature, in 2003. When awarding the prize, the Swedish Academy stated that Coetzee "in innumerable guises portrays the surprising involvement of the outsider".[185]
The plays of Athol Fugard have been regularly premiered in fringe theatres in South Africa, London (The Royal Court Theatre) and New York. Olive Schreiner's The Story of an African Farm (1883) was a revelation in Victorian literature: it is heralded by many as introducing feminism into the novel form.
Breyten Breytenbach was jailed for his involvement with the guerrilla movement against apartheid. Andre Brink was the first Afrikaner writer to be banned by the government after he released the novel A Dry White Season.
Popular culture
The South African media sector is large, and South Africa is one of Africa's major media centres. While South Africa's many broadcasters and publications reflect the diversity of the population as a whole, the most commonly used language is English. However, all ten other official languages are represented to some extent or another.
There is great diversity in South African music. Black musicians have developed a unique style called Kwaito. Kwaito is said to have taken over radio, television, and magazines.[186] Of note is Brenda Fassie, who launched to fame with her song "Weekend Special", which was sung in English. More famous traditional musicians include Ladysmith Black Mambazo, while the Soweto String Quartet performs classic music with an African flavour. South Africa has produced world-famous jazz musicians, notably Hugh Masekela, Jonas Gwangwa, Abdullah Ibrahim, Miriam Makeba, Jonathan Butler, Chris McGregor, and Sathima Bea Benjamin. Afrikaans music covers multiple genres, such as the contemporary Steve Hofmeyr, the punk rock band Fokofpolisiekar and the singer-songwriter Jeremy Loops.
Although few South African film productions are known outside South Africa itself, many foreign films have been produced about South Africa. Arguably, the most high-profile film portraying South Africa in recent years was District 9. Other notable exceptions are the film Tsotsi, which won the Academy Award for Foreign Language Film at the 78th Academy Awards in 2006 as well as U-Carmen e-Khayelitsha, which won the Golden Bear at the 2005 Berlin International Film Festival. In 2015, Oliver Hermanus' film, The Endless River, became the first South African film selected for the Venice Film Festival.
Cuisine
Main article: South African cuisine




Meat on a traditional South African braai


South African culture is diverse; foods from many cultures are enjoyed by all and especially marketed to tourists who wish to sample the large variety of South African cuisine. In addition to food, music and dance feature prominently.[citation needed]
South African cuisine is heavily meat-based and has spawned the distinctively South African social gathering known as a braai, or barbecue. South Africa has also developed into a major wine producer, with some of the best vineyards lying in valleys around Stellenbosch, Franschhoek, Paarl and Barrydale.[187]
Sports
Main article: Sport in South Africa
South Africa's most popular sports are soccer, rugby and cricket.[188] Other sports with significant support are swimming, athletics, golf, boxing, tennis, ringball, and netball. Although soccer commands the greatest following among the youth, other sports like basketball, surfing and skateboarding are increasingly popular.
Soccer players who have played for major foreign clubs include Steven Pienaar, Lucas Radebe and Philemon Masinga, Benni McCarthy, Aaron Mokoena, and Delron Buckley. South Africa, hosted the 2010 FIFA World Cup, and FIFA president Sepp Blatter awarded South Africa a grade 9 out of 10 for successfully hosting the event. The 2010 FIFA World Cup also marked the first time the competition had been hosted on the African continent.[189]




The Springboks in a bus parade after winning the 2007 Rugby World Cup


Famous boxing personalities include Baby Jake Jacob Matlala, Vuyani Bungu, Welcome Ncita, Dingaan Thobela, Gerrie Coetzee and Brian Mitchell. Durban Surfer Jordy Smith won the 2010 Billabong J-Bay competition making him the #1 ranked surfer in the world. South Africa produced Formula One motor racing's 1979 world champion Jody Scheckter. Famous current cricket players include AB de Villiers, Hashim Amla, Dale Steyn, Vernon Philander, Faf du Plessis etc. Most of them also participate in the Indian Premier League.
South Africa has also produced numerous world class rugby players, including Francois Pienaar, Joost van der Westhuizen, Danie Craven, Frik du Preez, Naas Botha and Bryan Habana. South Africa hosted and won the 1995 Rugby World Cup and won the 2007 Rugby World Cup in France. It followed the 1995 Rugby World Cup by hosting the 1996 African Cup of Nations, with the national team going on to win the tournament. It also hosted the 2003 Cricket World Cup, the 2007 World Twenty20 Championship. South Africa has also won the inaugural edition of the 1998 ICC KnockOut Trophy by defeating West Indies in the final.South Africa team also went onto win the inaugural edition of the Blind Cricket World Cup in 1998.
In 2004, the swimming team of Roland Schoeman, Lyndon Ferns, Darian Townsend and Ryk Neethling won the gold medal at the Olympic Games in Athens, simultaneously breaking the world record in the 4x100 freestyle relay. Penny Heyns won Olympic Gold in the 1996 Atlanta Olympic Games. In 2012, Oscar Pistorius became the first double amputee sprinter to compete at the Olympic Games in London. In golf, Gary Player is generally regarded as one of the greatest golfers of all time, having won the Career Grand Slam, one of five golfers to have done so. Other South African golfers to have won major tournaments include Bobby Locke, Ernie Els, Retief Goosen, Tim Clark, Trevor Immelman, Louis Oosthuizen and Charl Schwartzel.
Education
Main article: Education in South Africa




Schoolchildren in Mitchell's Plain


The adult literacy rate in 2007 was 88.7%.[190] South Africa has a 3-tier system of education starting with primary school, followed by high school and tertiary education in the form of (academic) universities and universities of technology. Learners have twelve years of formal schooling, from Grades 1-12. Grade R is a pre-primary foundation year. [191] Primary schools span the first seven years of schooling.[192] High School education spans a further five years. The Senior Certificate examination takes place at the end of Grade 12 and is necessary for tertiary studies at a South African university.[191]
Public universities in South Africa are divided into three types: traditional universities, which offer theoretically-oriented university degrees; universities of technology ("Technikons"), which offer vocational oriented diplomas and degrees; and comprehensive universities, which offer both types of qualifications. There are 23 public universities in South Africa: 11 traditional universities, 6 universities of technology and 6 comprehensive universities.
Under apartheid, schools for Blacks were subject to discrimination through inadequate funding and a separate syllabus called Bantu Education which was only designed to give them sufficient skills to work as labourers.[193] In 2004, South Africa started reforming its higher education system, merging and incorporating smaller universities into larger institutions, and renaming all higher education institutions "university" to redress these imbalances. By 2015, 1,400,000 students in higher education have benefited from a financial aid scheme which was promulgated in 1999.[194]
Public expenditure on education was at 5.4% of the 2002–05 GDP.[195]
Health
Main article: Health in South Africa




AIDS has caused a fall in life expectancy.


According to the South African Institute of Race Relations, the life expectancy in 2009 was 71 years for a White South African and 48 years for a Black South African.[196] The healthcare spending in the country is about 9% of GDP.[197]
Only 16% of the population is covered by medical schemes.[198] About 20% use private healthcare.[199] The rest pay "out of pocket" or through hospital cash plans.[199] The three dominant hospital groups, Mediclinic, Life Healthcare and Netcare, together control 75% of the market.[199] About 84% of the population depend on the public healthcare system,[197] which is beset with chronic human resource shortages and limited resources.[200]
South Africa is home to the third-largest hospital in the world, the Chris Hani Baragwanath Hospital.[201]
HIV/AIDS
Main article: HIV/AIDS in South Africa
According to the 2015 UNAIDS Report, South Africa has an estimated 7,000,000 people living with HIV– more than any other country in the world.[202] A 2008 study revealed that HIV/AIDS infection in South Africa is distinctly divided along racial lines: 13.6% of Blacks are HIV-positive, whereas only 0.3% of Whites have the disease.[203] Most deaths are experienced by economically active individuals, resulting in many AIDS orphans who in many cases depend on the state for care and financial support.[204] It is estimated that there are 1,200,000 orphaned children in South Africa.[204]
The link between HIV, a virus spread primarily by sexual contact, and AIDS was long denied by prior president Thabo Mbeki and then health minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang, who insisted that the many deaths in the country are due to malnutrition, and hence poverty, and not HIV.[205] In 2007, in response to international pressure, the government made efforts to fight AIDS.[206] After the 2009 general election, President Jacob Zuma appointed Dr Aaron Motsoaledi as the new minister and committed his government to increasing funding for and widening the scope of AIDS treatment.[207]
See also


South Africa portal







Book: South Africa





Index of South Africa-related articles
Outline of South Africa


Notes



^ The Khoi, Nama and San languages, South African Sign Language, German, Greek, Gujarati, Hindi, Portuguese, Telugu, Tamil, Urdu, Arabic, Hebrew, Sanskrit and "other languages used for religious purposes in South Africa" have a special status (Chapter 1, Article 6 of the South African Constitution).



References


^ "The Constitution". Constitutional Court of South Africa. Retrieved 3 September 2009. 
^ "Principal Agglomerations of the World". Citypopulation.de. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ Mid-year population estimates 2014. Statistics South Africa
^ a b "Mid-year population estimates 2015" (PDF). Statistics South Africa. Retrieved 11 August 2015. 
^ a b c Census 2011: Census in brief (PDF). Pretoria: Statistics South Africa. 2012. ISBN 9780621413885. Retrieved 12 January 2013. [permanent dead link]
^ a b c d e "South Africa". International Monetary Fund. Retrieved 26 April 2015. 
^ "Gini Index". World Bank. Retrieved 2 March 2011. 
^ "2015 Human Development Report" (PDF). United Nations Development Programme. 2015. Retrieved 15 December 2015. 
^ "South African Maritime Safety Authority". South African Maritime Safety Authority. Retrieved 16 June 2008. 
^ "Coastline". The World Factbook. CIA. Retrieved 16 June 2008. 
^ a b c d "South Africa Fast Facts". SouthAfrica.info. April 2007. Retrieved 14 June 2008. 
^ Guy Arnold. "Lesotho: Year In Review 1996 – Britannica Online Encyclopedia". Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Rainbow Nation – dream or reality?". BBC News. 18 July 2008. Retrieved 10 August 2013. 
^ "South Africa". World Bank. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ David Waugh (2000). "Manufacturing industries (chapter 19), World development (chapter 22)". Geography: An Integrated Approach. Nelson Thornes. pp. 563, 576–579, 633, 640. ISBN 978-0-17-444706-1. Retrieved 24 August 2013. 
^ "South Africa's Unemployment Rate Increases to 23.5%". Bloomberg. 5 May 2009. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ "HDI" (PDF). UNDP. Archived from the original (PDF) on 19 December 2008. 
^ Cooper, Andrew F; Antkiewicz, Agata; Shaw, Timothy M (10 December 2007). "Lessons from/for BRICSAM about South-North Relations at the Start of the 21st Century: Economic Size Trumps All Else?". International Studies Review. 9 (4): 675, 687. doi:10.1111/j.1468-2486.2007.00730.x. 
^ David A. Lynch (2010). Trade and Globalization: An Introduction to Regional Trade Agreements. Rowman & Littlefield. p. 51. ISBN 978-0-7425-6689-7. Retrieved 25 August 2013. Southern Africa is home to the other of sub-Saharan Africa's regional powers: South Africa. South Africa is more than just a regional power; it is currently the most developed and economically powerful country in Africa, and now it is able to use that influence in Africa more than during the days of apartheid, when it was ostracised. 
^ Livermon, Xavier (2008). "Sounds in the City". In Nuttall, Sarah; Mbembé, Achille. Johannesburg: The Elusive Metropolis. Durham: Duke University Press. p. 283. ISBN 9780822381211. Mzansi is another black urban vernacular term popular with the youth and standing for South Africa. 
^ "Mzansi DiToloki". Deaf Federation of South Africa. Archived from the original on 16 January 2014. Retrieved 15 January 2014. uMzantsi in Xhosa means 'south', Mzansi means this country, South Africa 
^ Taylor, Darren. "South African Party Says Call Their Country ‘Azania’". VOA. Retrieved 18 February 2017. 
^ Wymer, John; Singer, R (1982). The Middle Stone Age at Klasies River Mouth in South Africa. Chicago: University of Chicago Press. ISBN 0-226-76103-7. 
^ Deacon, HJ (2001). "Guide to Klasies River" (PDF). Stellenbosch University. p. 11. Retrieved 5 September 2009. 
^ "Fossil Hominid Sites of Sterkfontein, Swartkrans, Kromdraai, and Environs". 
^ Stephen P. Broker. "Hominid Evolution". Yale-New Haven Teachers Institute. Retrieved 19 June 2008. 
^ Langer, William L., ed. (1972). An Encyclopedia of World History (5th ed.). Boston, MA: Houghton Mifflin Company. p. 9. ISBN 0-395-13592-3. 
^ Domville-Fife, C.W. (1900). The encyclopedia of the British Empire the first encyclopedic record of the greatest empire in the history of the world ed. London: Rankin. p. 25. 
^ Mackenzie, W. Douglas; Stead, Alfred (1899). South Africa: Its History, Heroes, and Wars. Chicago: The Co-Operative Publishing Company. 
^ Pakeman, SA. Nations of the Modern World: Ceylon (1964 ed.). Frederick A Praeger, Publishers. pp. 18–19. ASIN B0000CM2VW. 
^ a b c Alexander Wilmot & John Centlivres Chase. History of the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope: From Its Discovery to the Year 1819 (2010 ed.). Claremont: David Philip (Pty) Ltd. pp. 1–548. ISBN 978-1144830159. 
^ Kaplan, Irving. Area Handbook for the Republic of South Africa (PDF). pp. 46–771. 
^ "African History Timeline". West Chester University of Pennsylvania. 
^ a b Hunt, John (2005). Campbell, Heather-Ann, ed. Dutch South Africa: Early Settlers at the Cape, 1652-1708. Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press. pp. 13–35. ISBN 978-1904744955. 
^ Worden, Nigel. Slavery in Dutch South Africa (2010 ed.). Cambridge University Press. pp. 40–43. ISBN 978-0521152662. 
^ a b Nelson, Harold. Zimbabwe: A Country Study. pp. 237–317. 
^ a b c d e Stapleton, Timothy (2010). A Military History of South Africa: From the Dutch-Khoi Wars to the End of Apartheid. Santa Barbara: Praeger Security International. pp. 4–6. ISBN 978-0313365898. 
^ Keegan, Timothy. Colonial South Africa and the Origins of the Racial Order (1996 ed.). David Philip Publishers (Pty) Ltd. pp. 85–86. ISBN 978-0813917351. 
^ a b c Lloyd, Trevor Owen (1997). The British Empire, 1558-1995. Oxford: Oxford University Press. pp. 201–203. ISBN 978-0198731337. 
^ "Shaka: Zulu Chieftain". Historynet.com. Archived from the original on 9 February 2008. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Shaka (Zulu chief)". Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ W. D. Rubinstein (2004). Genocide: A History. Pearson Longman. p. 22. ISBN 978-0-582-50601-5. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Williams, Garner F (1905). The Diamond Mines of South Africa, Vol II. New York: B. F Buck & Co. pp. Chapter XX. 
^ Bond, Patrick (1999). Cities of gold, townships of coal: essays on South Africa's new urban crisis. Africa World Press. p. 140. ISBN 978-0-86543-611-4. 
^ Cape of Good Hope (South Africa). Parliament House. (1906). "Report of the Select Committee on Location Act". Cape Times Limited. Retrieved 30 July 2009. 
^ Godley, Godfrey Archibald, Welsh, William Thomson, Hemsworth, H. D (1920). "Report of the Inter-departmental committee on the native pass laws". Cape Times Limited, government printers: 2. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Great Britain Colonial Office; Transvaal (Colony). Governor (1901–1905: Milner) (January 1902). "Papers relating to legislation affecting natives in the Transvaal". His Majesty's Stationery Office. 
^ De Villiers, John Abraham Jacob (1896). The Transvaal. London: Chatto & Windus. pp. 30 (n46). Retrieved 30 July 2009. 
^  Cana, Frank Richardson (1911). "South Africa". In Chisholm, Hugh. Encyclopædia Britannica. 25 (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press. p. 467. 
^ "Native Land Act". South African Institute of Race Relations. 19 June 1913. Archived from the original on 14 October 2010. 
^ Beinart, William (2001). Twentieth-century South Africa. Oxford University Press. p. 202. ISBN 978-0-19-289318-5.
^ "Hendrik Frensch Verwoerd". South African History Online. Retrieved 9 March 2013. On 5 October 1960 a referendum was held in which White voters were asked "Do you support a republic for the Union?" — 52 percent voted 'Yes'. 
^ Gibson, Nigel; Alexander, Amanda; Mngxitama, Andile (2008). Biko Lives! Contesting the Legacies of Steve Biko. Hampshire: Palgrave Macmillan. p. 138. ISBN 978-0230606494. 
^ Switzer, Les (2000). South Africa's Resistance Press: Alternative Voices in the Last Generation Under Apartheid. Issue 74 of Research in international studies: Africa series. Ohio University Press. p. 2. ISBN 9780896802131. 
^ Mitchell, Thomas (2008). Native vs Settler: Ethnic Conflict in Israel/Palestine, Northern Ireland and South Africa. Westport: Greenwood Publishing Group. pp. 194–196. ISBN 978-0313313578. 
^ Bridgland, Fred (1990). The War for Africa: Twelve months that transformed a continent. Gibraltar: Ashanti Publishing. p. 32. ISBN 978-1-874800-12-5. 
^ Landgren, Signe. Embargo Disimplemented: South Africa's Military Industry (1989 ed.). Oxford University Press. pp. 6–10. ISBN 978-0-19-829127-5. 
^ "South Africa Profile". Nti.org. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ John Pike. "Nuclear Weapons Program (South Africa)". Globalsecurity.org. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ a b c "Post-Apartheid South Africa: the First Ten Years – Unemployment and the Labor Market" (PDF). IMF. 
^ "Zuma surprised at level of white poverty — Mail & Guardian Online: The smart news source". Mail & Guardian. 18 April 2008. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ "South Africa". Human Development Report. United Nations Development Programme. 2006. Archived from the original on 29 November 2007. Retrieved 28 November 2007. 
^ "Ridicule succeeds where leadership failed on AIDS". South African Institute of Race Relations. 10 November 2006. Archived from the original on 24 May 2016. 
^ a b "Broke-on-Broke Violence". Retrieved 6 July 2011. 
^ "COHRE statement on Xenophobic Attacks". Retrieved 6 July 2011. 
^ Southern African Migration Project; Institute for Democracy in South Africa; Queen's University (2008). Jonathan Crush, ed. The perfect storm: the realities of xenophobia in contemporary South Africa (PDF). Idasa. p. 1. ISBN 978-1-920118-71-6. Archived from the original (PDF) on 30 July 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ a b c d United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. "UNHCR Global Appeal 2011 – South Africa". UNHCR. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Country Comparison". World Factbook. CIA. 
^ McCarthy, T. & Rubidge, B. (2005). The story of earth and life. p. 263, 267-268. Struik Publishers, Cape Town.
^ a b c d Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 13. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ Encyclopædia Britannica (1975); Micropaedia Vol. III, p. 655. Helen Hemingway Benton Publishers, Chicago.
^ Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 186. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ "Kruger National Park". Africa.com. Archived from the original on 18 December 2014. Retrieved 16 December 2014. 
^ Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 151. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ McCarthy, T. & Rubidge, B. (2005). The story of earth and life. p. 194. Struik Publishers, Cape Town.
^ a b Geological map of South Africa, Lesotho and Swaziland (1970). Council for Geoscience, Geological Survey of South Africa.
^ Encyclopædia Britannica (1975); Micropaedia Vol. VI, p. 750. Helen Hemingway Benton Publishers, Chicago.
^ a b Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 19. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 113. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ "South Africa's geography — SouthAfrica.info". Safrica.info. Archived from the original on 8 June 2010. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ South Africa yearbook. South African Communication Service. 1997. p. 3. 
^ "List of Parties". Retrieved 8 December 2012. 
^ a b "South Africa's National Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plan" (PDF). Retrieved 10 December 2012. 
^ "Biodiversity of the world by countries". Institutoaqualung.com.br. Archived from the original on 1 November 2010. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ Rong, I. H.; Baxter, A. P. (2006). "The South African National Collection of Fungi: Celebrating a centenary 1905-2005". Studies in Mycology. 55: 1–12. PMC 2104721 . PMID 18490968. doi:10.3114/sim.55.1.1. 
^ Crous, P. W.; Rong, I. H.; Wood, A.; Lee, S.; Glen, H.; Botha, W. l; Slippers, B.; De Beer, W. Z.; Wingfield, M. J.; Hawksworth, D. L. (2006). "How many species of fungi are there at the tip of Africa?". Studies in Mycology. 55: 13–33. PMC 2104731 . PMID 18490969. doi:10.3114/sim.55.1.13. 
^ Marincowitz, S.; Crous, P.W.; Groenewald J.Z. & Wingfield, M.J. (2008). "Microfungi occurring on Proteaceae in the fynbos. CBS Biodiversity Series 7." (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 29 July 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Marco Lambertini. "The Flora / The Richest Botany in the World". A Anturalist's Guide to the Tropics (Revised edition (May 15, 2000) ed.). University Of Chicago Press. p. 46. ISBN 978-0226468280.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Plants and Vegetation in South Africa". Southafrica-travel.net. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ Environmental Affairs (22 January 2015). "Progress in the war against poaching". Environmental Affairs. South Africa. Retrieved 22 January 2015. 
^ "South African National Biodiversity Institute". Sanbi.org. 30 September 2011. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Term Limits in Africa". The Economist. 6 April 2006. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Chapter 4 – Parliament". 19 August 2009. Archived from the original on 30 May 2013. Retrieved 3 August 2013. 
^ Abahlali baseMjondolo. "Mercury: Rethinking the crisis of local democracy". Abahlali.org. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ J. Duncan (31 May 2010). "The Return of State Repression". South African Civil Society Information Services. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Increasing police repression highlighted by recent case". Freedom of Expression Institute. 2006. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Imraan Buccus (2011). "Political tolerance on the wane in South Africa". SA Reconciliation Barometer. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "South Africa's recent performance in the Ibrahim Index of African Governance". Mo Ibrahim Foundation. Archived from the original on 18 February 2013. Retrieved 16 February 2013. 
^ "SA marriage law signed". BBC News. 30 November 2006. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Pamela Snyman & Amanda Barratt (2 October 2002). "Researching South African Law". w/ Library Resource Xchange. Archived from the original on 17 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ "How dangerous is South Africa?". BBC News. 17 May 2010. 
^ http://mg.co.za/article/2014-09-22-factsheet-south-africas-official-crime-stats-unpacked/
^ K Landman. "Gated communities in South Africa: Comparison of four case studies in Gauteng" (PDF). Wits University. Retrieved 5 March 2013. [permanent dead link]
^ "South Africa has world's largest private security industry; needs regulation – Mthethwa". DefenceWeb. Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ "Bigger than the army: South Africa's private security forces". CNN. 8 February 2013. Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ "Afrikaner Farmers Migrating to Georgia". VOA. 14 September 2011. Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ Adriana Stuijt (17 February 2009). "Two more S. African farmers killed: death toll now at 3,037". Digital Journal. Archived from the original on 20 May 2011. Retrieved 24 May 2011. 
^ "SOUTH AFRICA: One in four men rape". IRIN. 18 June 2009. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "South Africa's corrective rape". Time. 8 March 2011. Retrieved 12 July 2011. 
^ "South African rape survey shock". BBC News. 18 June 2009. Retrieved 23 May 2010. 
^ "South Africa's rape shock". BBC News. 19 January 1999. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ a b "Child rape in South Africa". Medscape. Retrieved 31 December 2010. 
^ Perry, Alex (5 November 2007). "Oprah scandal rocks South Africa". Time. Retrieved 15 May 2011. 
^ Rosalind Rosenberg (Summer 2001). "Virginia Gildersleeve: Opening the Gates (Living Legacies)". Columbia Magazine. 
^ Schlesinger, Stephen E. (2004). Act of Creation: The Founding of the United Nations: A Story of Superpowers, Secret Agents, Wartime Allies and Enemies, and Their Quest for a Peaceful World. Cambridge, Massachusetts: Westview, Perseus Books Group. pp. 236–7. ISBN 0-8133-3275-3. 
^ "China, South Africa upgrade relations to "comprehensive strategic partnership"". Capetown.china-consulate.org. 25 August 2010. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "New era as South Africa joins BRICS". Southafrica.info. 11 April 2011. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "SA brings 'unique attributes' to BRICS". Southafrica.info. 14 April 2011. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ a b "Constitution of the Republic of South Africa Act 200 of 1993 (Section 224)". South African Government. 1993. Archived from the original on 12 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ Col L B van Stade, Senior Staff Officer Rationalisation, SANDF (1997). "Rationalisation in the SANDF: The Next Challenge". Institute for Security Studies. Archived from the original on 16 March 2016. Retrieved 23 June 2008. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "Defence Act 42 of 2002" (PDF). South African Government. 12 February 2003. p. 18. Archived from the original (PDF) on 24 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ a b c Mosiuoa Lekota (5 September 2005). "Address by the Minister of Defence at a media breakfast at Defence Headquarters, Pretoria". Department of Defence. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ a b Lieutenant Colonel Roy E. Horton III (BS, Electrical Engineering; MS, Strategic Intelligence) (October 1999). "Out of (South) Africa: Pretoria's Nuclear Weapons Experience". USAF Institute for National Security Studies. Retrieved 23 June 2008. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ a b c Educational Foundation for Nuclear Science, Inc. (May 1993). "South Africa comes clean". Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists. Educational Foundation for Nuclear Science, Inc. pp. 3–4. ISSN 0096-3402. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Christine Dodson (22 October 1979). "South Atlantic Nuclear Event (National Security Council, Memorandum)" (PDF). George Washington University under Freedom of Information Act Request. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ Stats in Brief, 2010 (PDF). Pretoria: Statistics South Africa. 2010. p. 3. ISBN 978-0-621-39563-1. 
^ "Inequality in income or expenditure / Gini index, Human Development Report 2007/08". Hdrstats.undp.org. 4 November 2010. Archived from the original on 16 January 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Distribution of family income – Gini index". Cia.gov. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "South Africa has highest gap between rich and poor". Business Report. 28 September 2009. Archived from the original on 23 October 2011. Retrieved 7 November 2010. 
^ "South Africa's economy: How it could do even better.". The Economist. 22 July 2010. Retrieved 17 October 2011. 
^ "DEPWeb: Beyond Economic Growth". The World Bank Group. Retrieved 17 October 2011. 
^ a b "Economic Assessment of South Africa 2008: Achieving Accelerated and Shared Growth for South Africa". OECD. Archived from the original on 9 August 2009. 
^ "Commanding Plights." The Economist 29 August 2015: 37-38. Print.
^ "SA Economic Research – Tourism Update" (PDF). m/ Investec. October 2005. Archived from the original (PDF) on 24 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ Solomon, Hussein (1996). "Strategic Perspectives on Illegal Immigration into South Africa". African Security Review. 5 (4): 3. doi:10.1080/10246029.1996.9627681. Archived from the original on 19 October 2005. 
^ Mattes, Robert; Crush, Jonathan & Richmond, Wayne. "The Brain Gain: Skilled Migrants and Immigration Policy in Post-Apartheid South Africa". Southern African Migration Project, Queens College, Canada. Archived from the original on 25 November 2005. 
^ a b "South Africa". The World Factbook. CIA. 
^ Unequal protection the state response to violent crime on South African farms. Human Rights Watch. 2001. ISBN 1-56432-263-7. 
^ Mohamed, Najma (2000). "Greening Land and Agrarian Reform: A Case for Sustainable Agriculture". In Ben Cousins. At the Crossroads: Land and Agrarian Reform in South Africa Into the 21st Century. Programme for Land and Agrarian Studies (PLAAS). ISBN 978-1-86808-467-8. 
^ "African Countries of the Future 2013/14". fDiIntelligence.com. Retrieved 4 December 2013. 
^ Neva Makgetla (31 March 2010). "Inequality on scale found in SA bites like acid". Business Day. South Africa. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Black middle class boosts car sales in South Africa – Business – Mail & Guardian Online". Mail & Guardian. 15 January 2006. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Economic Assessment of South Africa 2008". OECD. Archived from the original on 23 April 2009. 
^ Collier, P. (3 December 2004). "World Bank, IMF study 2004". Journal of African Economies. Jae.oxfordjournals.org. 13: ii15. doi:10.1093/jae/ejh042. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ "Health Personnel in Southern Africa: Confronting maldistribution and brain drain" (PDF). Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ Haroon Bhorat; et al. (2002). "Skilled Labour Migration from Developing Countries: Study on South and Southern Africa" (PDF). International Labour Office. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "South Africa's brain-drain generation returning home". CNN World. 22 April 2009. Archived from the original on 16 December 2010. Retrieved 4 June 2011. 
^ "South Africa's brain drain reversing". Times Live. Retrieved 4 June 2011. 
^ "Graduates confident about SA". Times Live. Retrieved 4 June 2011. 
^ "SKA announces Founding Board and selects Jodrell Bank Observatory to host Project Office". SKA 2011. 2 April 2011. Retrieved 14 April 2011. 
^ "Africa and Australasia to share Square Kilometre Array". BBC. 25 May 2012. 
^ a b WHO/UNICEF:Joint Monitoring Programme for Water Supply and Sanitation:Data table South Africa Archived 9 February 2014 at the Wayback Machine., 2010. Retrieved 3 November 2012
^ ""Most progressive water utility in Africa" wins 2014Stockholm Industry Water Award". Stockholm International Water Institute (SIWI). Retrieved 8 June 2014. 
^ "Anti-immigrant violence spreads in South Africa, with attacks reported in Cape Town – The New York Times". International Herald Tribune. 23 May 2008. Archived from the original on 21 February 2009. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Escape From Mugabe: Zimbabwe's Exodus". Archived from the original on 24 January 2016. 
^ "More illegals set to flood SA". Fin24. Archived from the original on 14 February 2009. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "South African mob kills migrants". BBC. 12 May 2008. Retrieved 19 May 2008. 
^ Barry Bearak (23 May 2008). "Immigrants Fleeing Fury of South African Mobs". The New York Times. Retrieved 5 August 2008. 
^ Lehohla, Pali (5 May 2005). "Debate over race and censuses not peculiar to SA". Business Report. Archived from the original on 14 August 2007. Retrieved 25 August 2013. Others pointed out that the repeal of the Population Registration Act in 1991 removed any legal basis for specifying "race". The Identification Act of 1997 makes no mention of race. On the other hand, the Employment Equity Act speaks of "designated groups" being "black people, women and people with disabilities". The Act defines "Black" as referring to "Africans, coloureds and Indians". Apartheid and the racial identification which underpinned it explicitly linked race with differential access to resources and power. If the post-apartheid order was committed to remedying this, race would have to be included in surveys and censuses, so that progress in eradicating the consequences of apartheid could be measured and monitored. This was the reasoning that led to a "self-identifying" question about "race" or "population group" in both the 1996 and 2001 censuses, and in Statistics SA's household survey programme. 
^ Study Commission on U.S. Policy toward Southern Africa (U.S.) (1981). South Africa: time running out: the report of the Study Commission on U.S. Policy Toward Southern Africa. University of California Press. p. 42. ISBN 0-520-04547-5. 
^ a b c "World Refugee Survey 2008". U.S. Committee for Refugees and Immigrants. 19 June 2008. Archived from the original on 19 October 2014. 
^ "Constitution of South Africa, Chapter 1, Section 6". Fs.gov.za. Archived from the original on 13 November 2012. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ a b Census 2011: Census in brief (PDF). Pretoria: Statistics South Africa. 2012. pp. 23–25. ISBN 9780621413885. [permanent dead link]
^ "The languages of South Africa". SouthAfrica.info. 4 February 1997. Retrieved 7 November 2010. 
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ a b "South Africa – Section I. Religious Demography". U.S. Department of State. Retrieved 15 July 2006. 
^ Wessel Bentley; Dion Angus Forster (2008). "God's mission in our context, healing and transforming responses". Methodism in Southern Africa: A Celebration of Wesleyan Mission. AcadSA. pp. 97–98. ISBN 978-1-920212-29-2. 
^ van Wyk, Ben-Erik and van Oudtshoorn, Gericke N (1999). Medicinal Plants of South Africa. Pretoria: Briza Publications. p. 10. ISBN 978-1-875093-37-3. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "South Africa". State.gov. 15 September 2006. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ a b "In South Africa, many blacks convert to Islam / The Christian Science Monitor". The Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Muslims say their faith growing fast in Africa". Religionnewsblog.com. Retrieved 7 November 2010. 
^ Rebecca Weiner, Rebecca Weiner, ed. (2010), South African Jewish History and Information (PDF), Jewish Virtual Library, retrieved 13 August 2010 
^ "Black middle class explodes". FIN24. 22 May 2007. Archived from the original on 22 August 2007. 
^ "History of Scouting in South Africa". History of Scouting in South Africa. South African Scout Association. 2006. Retrieved 30 November 2006. 
^ Radford, Tim (16 April 2004). "World's Oldest Jewellery Found in Cave". London: Buzzle.com. Retrieved 16 April 2011. 
^ "The Nobel Prize in Literature: John Maxwell Coetzee". Swedish Academy. 2 October 2003. Retrieved 2 August 2009. 
^ "South African music after Apartheid: kwaito, the "party politic," and the appropriation of gold as a sign of success". Archived from the original on 13 June 2013. 
^ "South African Wine Guide: Stellenbosch, Constantia, Walker Bay and more". Thewinedoctor.com. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Sport in South Africa". SouthAfrica.info. Retrieved 28 June 2010. 
^ Cooper, Billy (12 July 2010). "South Africa gets 9/10 for World Cup". Mail & Guardian. Archived from the original on 15 July 2010. Retrieved 9 September 2010. 
^ "National adult literacy rates (15+), youth literacy rates (15–24) and elderly literacy rates (65+)". UNESCO Institute for Statistics. 
^ a b "A parent's guide to schooling". Retrieved 31 August 2010. 
^ "Education in South Africa". SouthAfrica.info. Archived from the original on 17 June 2010. Retrieved 20 June 2010. 
^ "Bantu Education". Overcoming Apartheid. Retrieved 20 June 2010. 
^ Cele, S'thembile; Masondo, Sipho (18 January 2015). "Shocking cost of SA’s universities". fin24.com. City Press. Retrieved 19 January 2015. 
^ "Human Development Report 2009 – South Africa". Hdrstats.undp.org. Archived from the original on 15 April 2010. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ Peoples Budget Coalition Comments on the 2011/12 Budget Archived 16 May 2012 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b "‘Clinic-in-a-Box’ seeks to improve South African healthcare". SmartPlanet. Archived from the original on 30 July 2013. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ "What does the demand for healthcare look like in SA?" (PDF). Mediclinic Southern Africa. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2 October 2013. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ a b c "Motsoaledi to reform private health care". Financial Mail. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ "South Africa". ICAP at Columbia University. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ http://www.therichest.com/rich-list/nation/the-biggest-hospitals-in-the-world/
^ "HIV and AIDS estimates (2015)". 
^ "South Africa HIV & AIDS Statistics". AVERT.org. Retrieved 6 May 2013. 
^ a b "AIDS orphans". Avert. Retrieved 8 October 2006. 
^ "Sack SA Health Minister – world's AIDS experts". afrol News. Retrieved 8 October 2006. 
^ "Situation Analysis. HIV & AIDS and STI Strategic Plan 2007–2011" (PDF). info.gov.za. Archived from the original (PDF) on 30 May 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Zuma announces AIDS reforms". UNPAN. Retrieved 9 March 2010. 


Further reading


A History of South Africa, Third Edition. Leonard Thompson. Yale University Press. 1 March 2001. 384 pages. ISBN 0-300-08776-4.
Economic Analysis and Policy Formulation for Post-Apartheid South Africa: Mission Report, Aug. 1991. International Development Research Centre. IDRC Canada, 1991. vi, 46 p. Without ISBN
Emerging Johannesburg: Perspectives on the Postapartheid City. Richard Tomlinson, et al. 1 January 2003. 336 pages. ISBN 0-415-93559-8.
Making of Modern South Africa: Conquest, Segregation and Apartheid. Nigel Worden. 1 July 2000. 194 pages. ISBN 0-631-21661-8.
South Africa: A Narrative History. Frank Welsh. Kodansha America. 1 February 1999. 606 pages. ISBN 1-56836-258-7.
South Africa in Contemporary Times. Godfrey Mwakikagile. New Africa Press. February 2008. 260 pages. ISBN 978-0-9802587-3-8.
The Atlas of Changing South Africa. A. J. Christopher. 1 October 2000. 216 pages. ISBN 0-415-21178-6.
The Politics of the New South Africa. Heather Deegan. 28 December 2000. 256 pages. ISBN 0-582-38227-0.
Twentieth-Century South Africa. William Beinart Oxford University Press 2001, 414 pages, ISBN 0-19-289318-1


External links



Wikimedia Commons has media related to South Africa.





Wikivoyage has a travel guide for South Africa.



Find more aboutSouth Africaat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Travel guide from Wikivoyage
Learning resources from Wikiversity



Government of South Africa
"South Africa". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. 
South Africa from UCB Libraries GovPubs
South Africa from the BBC News
 Wikimedia Atlas of South Africa







v
t
e


South Africa articles



History





Timeline
(years)




Early history
Cape Colony
Orange Free State
Transvaal
First Boer War
Second Boer War
Great Depression
World War II
Apartheid
Border War
Since 1994





By topic



Economic
Military








Geography







Districts
Earthquakes
Estuaries
Forests
Islands
Lakes
Mountain ranges
Municipalities
National parks
Populated places
Provinces
Rivers
Wildlife








Politics











Constitution
Courts
Elections
Foreign relations
Government
Human rights
Law
Parliament
Political parties
President






State security
and intelligence




Minister
Co-ordinating committee (NICC)
Intelligence agency (NIA)
Communications centre (NCC)
Communications security (COMSEC)
Secret Service (SASS)
Intelligence academy (SANAI)





Law enforcement



Department of Police
Police Service

Criminal intelligence (SAPS)
Special Task Force
National Intervention Unit
NFDD


Municipal Police
Independent Complaints Directorate
Department of Correctional Services
Biometrics use








Military



Department of Defence
Defence Force
Air Force
Army
Navy
Military Health Service
Special Forces
Commando System
Intelligence








Economy







Agriculture
Communications
Economic history
Energy
Foreign trade
Mining industry
Rand (currency)
Stock exchange
Taxation
Tourism
Trade unions
Transportation
Water and sanitation








Society







Crime
Education
Feminism
Health
Healthcare
Immigration
Intersex
Languages
LGBT
Racism
Religion
Sexual violence
Social movements
Xenophobia





Culture



Architecture
Art
Cinema
Cuisine
Flag
HIV/AIDS
Homelessness
Literature
Media
Music
Public holidays
Sports





Demographics



Asian

Indian
Chinese


Bantu

Ndebele
Pedi
Sotho
Swazi
Tsonga
Tswana
Venda
Xhosa
Zulu


Coloured

Cape Coloured
Cape Malay
Griqua


Khoisan
White

Afrikaner
British














Outline
Index



Category
Portal












v
t
e


Countries and territories of Africa



Sovereign states




entirely
in Africa



Algeria
Angola
Benin
Botswana
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Comoros
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Republic of the Congo
Djibouti
Egypt
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Ethiopia
Gabon
The Gambia
Ghana
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Ivory Coast (Côte d'Ivoire)
Kenya
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Madagascar
Malawi
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Niger
Nigeria
Rwanda
São Tomé and Príncipe
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Somalia
South Africa
South Sudan
Sudan
Swaziland
Tanzania
Togo
Tunisia
Uganda
Zambia
Zimbabwe





partly
in Africa



France

Mayotte
Réunion


Italy

Pantelleria
Pelagie Islands


Portugal

Madeira


Spain

Canary Islands
Ceuta
Melilla
Plazas de soberanía


Yemen

Socotra














Territories and
dependencies




Îles Éparses

France


Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha

UK


Southern Provinces (Western Sahara)1






States with limited
recognition




Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic
Somaliland






1 Unclear sovereignty.








Links to related articles











v
t
e


Group of Eight (G8) and Group of Eight + Five (G8+5)



G8 members



 Canada
 France
 Germany
 Italy
 Japan
 Russia
 United Kingdom
 United States





Representative



 European Union





G8+5



 Brazil
 China
 India
 Mexico
 South Africa





See also



Group of Six
Group of Seven
G7+1












v
t
e


G20 major economies






 Argentina
 Australia
 Brazil
 Canada
 China
 European Union
 France
 Germany
 India
 Indonesia
 Italy
 Japan
 Mexico
 Russia
 Saudi Arabia
 South Africa
 Republic of Korea
 Turkey
 United Kingdom
 United States












v
t
e


BRICS



Membership



 Brazil
 Russia
 India
 China
 South Africa





Summits



Yekaterinburg 2009
Brasília 2010
Sanya 2011
New Delhi 2012
Durban 2013
Fortaleza 2014
Ufa 2015
Goa 2016
Xiamen 2017





Bilateral relations



Brazil–China
Brazil–India
Brazil–Russia
Brazil–South Africa
China–India
China–Russia
China–South Africa
India–Russia
India–South Africa
Russia–South Africa





Leaders



 Temer
 Putin
 Modi
 Xi
 Zuma





Related



New Development Bank
BRICS Contingent Reserve Arrangement
BRICS Leaders
BRICS Cable
BRICS Universities League





BRICS U-17 Football Cup



2016 Goa












v
t
e


World Trade Organization



System



Accession and membership
Appellate Body
Dispute Settlement Body
International Trade Centre
Chronology of key events





Issues



Criticism
Doha Development Round
Singapore issues
Quota Elimination
Peace Clause





Agreements



General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
Agriculture
Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures
Technical Barriers to Trade
Trade Related Investment Measures
Trade in Services
Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights
Government Procurement
Information Technology
Marrakech Agreement
Doha Declaration
Bali Package





Ministerial
Conferences



1st (1996)
2nd (1998)
3rd (1999)
4th (2001)
5th (2003)
6th (2005)
7th (2009)
8th (2011)
9th (2013)
10th (2015)





People



Roberto Azevêdo (Director-General)
Pascal Lamy (former Director-General)
Supachai Panitchpakdi (former Director-General)
Deputy Directors-General:

Yonov Frederick Agah
Karl Brauner
David Shark
Yi Xiaozhun

former: Alejandro Jara
Valentine Rugwabiza
Harsha Singh
Rufus Yerxa









Members



Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
Angola
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belize
Benin
Bolivia
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Republic of the Congo
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Cuba
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
European Union¹
Fiji
Gabon
The Gambia
Georgia
Ghana
Grenada
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong²
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Israel
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
South Korea
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Lesotho
Liberia
Liechtenstein
Macau²
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Moldova
Mongolia
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nepal
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Qatar
Russia
Rwanda
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Suriname
Swaziland
Switzerland
Tajikistan
Taiwan³
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe


1. All twenty-eight member states of the European Union are also members of the WTO in their own right:

Austria
Belgium
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malta
Netherlands
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom


2. Special administrative regions of the People's Republic of China, participates as "Hong Kong, China" and "Macao China".
3. Officially the Republic of China, participates as "Separate Customs Territory of Taiwan, Penghu, Kinmen and Matsu", and "Chinese Taipei" in short.











v
t
e


Southern African Development Community (SADC)



Member states



Angola
Botswana
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Lesotho
Madagascar
Malawi
Mauritius
Mozambique
Namibia
Seychelles
South Africa
Swaziland
Tanzania
Zambia
Zimbabwe





Leaders




Chairpersons



Levy Mwanawasa
Kgalema Motlanthe





Secretaries-General



Kaire Mbuende
Prega Ramsamy
Tomaz Salomão








See also



Southern African Development Coordination Conference (forerunner)
Southern African Customs Union (SACU)
Common Monetary Area (CMA)
Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA)












v
t
e


African Union (AU)



History







Pan-Africanism
Casablanca Group
Monrovia Group
Abuja Treaty
Sirte Declaration
Lome Summit





Organisation of African Unity



Chairperson
Secretary General











Geography



Borders
Extreme points
Member states
Regions





Organs







Executive Council
Permanent Representatives' Committee
Specialized Technical Committees





Assembly



Chairperson





Commission



Chairperson
Deputy Chairperson
AUCC





Pan-African Parliament



Bureau
Secretariat
Gallagher Estate





African Court of Justice



African Court on Human and Peoples' Rights





ECOSOCC Committees



Peace and Security
Political Affairs
Infrastructure and Energy
Social Affairs and Health
HR, Sciences and Technology
Trade and Industry
Rural Economy and Agriculture
Economic Affairs
Women and Gender
Cross-Cutting Programs





Financial Institutions



African Central Bank
African Monetary Fund
African Investment Bank





Peace and Security Council



ACIRC
African Standby Force
Panel of the Wise
UNAMID
AMIB
AMIS
AMISOM
MISCA








Politics







APRM
Foreign relations
African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights
African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights
Enlargement





Symbols



Anthem
Emblem
Flag








Economy



Currencies
Development Bank
African Economic Community
NEPAD
African Free Trade Zone
Tripartite Free Trade Area





Culture



Africa Day
Languages





Theory



Afro
United States of Africa
United States of Latin Africa








 Category












v
t
e


Countries and territories bordering the Indian Ocean



Africa



Comoros
Djibouti
Egypt
Eritrea
France

Mayotte
Réunion


Kenya
Madagascar
Mauritius
Mozambique
Rodrigues (Mauritius)
Seychelles
Somalia
South Africa
Sudan
Tanzania
Zanzibar, Tanzania








Asia



Bahrain
Bangladesh
British Indian Ocean Territory

Chagos Archipelago - United Kingdom


Christmas Island (Australia)
Cocos (Keeling) Islands (Australia)
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Israel
Jordan
Kuwait
Malaysia
Maldives
Myanmar
Oman
Pakistan
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Sri Lanka
Thailand
Timor-Leste
United Arab Emirates
Yemen





Other



Antarctica

Australian Antarctic Territory
French Southern and Antarctic Lands
Heard Island and McDonald Islands


Australia












v
t
e


Peri-Antarctic countries and overseas territories






Argentina
Australia

Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Macquarie Island


Bouvet Island
Chile
Falkland Islands
French Southern and Antarctic Lands

Kerguelen Islands


New Zealand

New Zealand Subantarctic Islands


South Africa

Prince Edward Islands


South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands









"Peri-Antarctic" (meaning "close to the Antarctic") does not include territorial claims in Antarctica itself.










v
t
e


Members of the Commonwealth of Nations



Sovereign states
(Members)



Antigua and Barbuda
Australia
Bahamas
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belize
Botswana
Brunei
Cameroon
Canada
Cyprus
Dominica
Fiji
Ghana
Grenada
Guyana
India
Jamaica
Kenya
Kiribati
Lesotho
Malawi
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mozambique
Namibia
Nauru
New Zealand
Nigeria
Pakistan
Papua New Guinea
Rwanda
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Swaziland
Tanzania
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tuvalu
Uganda
United Kingdom
Vanuatu
Zambia





Dependencies
of Members




Australia



Ashmore and Cartier Islands
Australian Antarctic Territory
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Coral Sea Islands
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Norfolk Island





New Zealand



Cook Islands
Niue
Ross Dependency
Tokelau





United Kingdom



Akrotiri and Dhekelia
Anguilla
Bermuda
British Antarctic Territory
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Cayman Islands
Falkland Islands
Gibraltar
Guernsey
Isle of Man
Jersey
Montserrat
Pitcairn Islands
St. Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Turks and Caicos Islands









Source: Commonwealth Secretariat - Member States










v
t
e


English-speaking world






Click on a coloured area to see an article about English in that country or region






































































Further links







Articles



English-speaking world
History of the English language
British Empire
English in the Commonwealth of Nations





Lists



List of countries by English-speaking population
List of countries where English is an official language









 







Countries and territories where English is the national language or the native language of the majority





Africa



Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha





Americas



Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
The Bahamas
Barbados
Belize
Bermuda
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Dominica
Falkland Islands
Grenada
Guyana
Jamaica
Montserrat
Saba
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Sint Eustatius
Sint Maarten
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Trinidad and Tobago
Turks and Caicos Islands
United States
United States Virgin Islands





Europe



Guernsey
Ireland
Isle of Man
Jersey
United Kingdom





Oceania



Australia
New Zealand
Norfolk Island
Pitcairn Islands








 







Countries and territories where English is an official language, but not the majority first language





Africa



Botswana
Cameroon
The Gambia
Ghana
Kenya
Lesotho
Liberia
Malawi
Mauritius
Namibia
Nigeria
Rwanda
Sierra Leone
Somaliland
South Africa
South Sudan
Sudan
Swaziland
Tanzania
Uganda
Zambia
Zimbabwe





Americas



Puerto Rico





Asia



Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
India
Pakistan
Philippines
Singapore





Europe



Gibraltar
Malta





Oceania



American Samoa
Cook Islands
Fiji
Guam
Kiribati
Marshall Islands
Micronesia
Nauru
Niue
Northern Mariana Islands
Palau
Papua New Guinea
Samoa
Solomon Islands
Tokelau
Tuvalu
Vanuatu












Dependencies shown in italics.















Coordinates: 30°S 25°E﻿ / ﻿30°S 25°E﻿ / -30; 25



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 159069376
LCCN: n79023005
ISNI: 0000 0001 2167 3042
GND: 4078012-0
SUDOC: 028016009
BNF: cb11993638s (data)
NLA: 35513495
NDL: 00567657










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=South_Africa&oldid=792672918"					
Categories: South AfricaSouthern African countriesEnglish-speaking countries and territoriesG20 nationsLiberal democraciesMember states of the African UnionMember states of the Commonwealth of NationsMember states of the United NationsStates and territories established in 1910Commonwealth republicsAfrikaans-speaking countries and territoriesBantu countries and territoriesBRICS nationsCountries in AfricaHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksCS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listWikipedia articles incorporating a citation from the 1911 Encyclopaedia Britannica with Wikisource referencePages using citations with accessdate and no URLArticles with dead external links from June 2017Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia pages semi-protected against vandalismWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesUse dmy dates from March 2017Use South African English from September 2013All Wikipedia articles written in South African EnglishArticles containing Afrikaans-language textArticles containing non-English-language textArticles containing Sotho-language textArticles containing Southern Ndebele-language textArticles containing Swati-language textArticles containing Tsonga-language textArticles containing Tswana-language textArticles containing Venda-language textArticles containing Xhosa-language textArticles containing Zulu-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2013All articles with failed verificationArticles with failed verification from October 2011Wikipedia articles needing clarification from October 2011Pages using columns with the default column widthArticles with unsourced statements from May 2010Use South African English from July 2013Coordinates on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikinewsWikiquoteWikivoyage 



Languages


AcèhАдыгэбзэАдыгабзэAfrikaansAkanAlemannischአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةAragonésArpetanAsturianuAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaتۆرکجهBamanankanবাংলাBahasa BanjarBân-lâm-gúБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎भोजपुरीBikol CentralБългарскиBoarischབོད་ཡིགBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàЧӑвашлаCebuanoČeštinaChi-ChewaChiShonaCymraegDanskDeitschDeutschދިވެހިބަސްDiné bizaadDolnoserbskiཇོང་ཁEestiΕλληνικάEmiliàn e rumagnòlEspañolEsperantoEstremeñuEuskaraEʋegbeفارسیFiji HindiFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGagauzGàidhligGalego贛語Gĩkũyũગુજરાતીगोंयची कोंकणी / Gõychi Konknni客家語/Hak-kâ-ngîХальмг한국어HausaՀայերենहिन्दीHornjoserbsceHrvatskiIdoIgboIlokanoবিষ্ণুপ্রিয়া মণিপুরীBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueИронIsiXhosaIsiZuluÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡKapampanganКъарачай-малкъарქართულიकॉशुर / کٲشُرҚазақшаKernowekKinyarwandaKiswahiliКомиKongoKreyòl ayisyenKurdîКыргызчаLadinoЛезгиلۊری شومالیLatgaļuLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLimburgsLingálaLivvinkarjalaLa .lojban.LugandaLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMaltiMāoriमराठीმარგალურიمصرىمازِرونیBahasa MelayuBaso MinangkabauMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄MirandésМокшеньМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNāhuatlDorerin NaoeroNederlandsNedersaksiesनेपालीनेपाल भाषा日本語НохчийнNordfriiskNorfuk / PitkernNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskNouormandNovialOccitanଓଡ଼ିଆOromooOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀपालिپنجابیPapiamentuپښتوPatoisភាសាខ្មែរPiemontèisTok PisinPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsQaraqalpaqshaQırımtatarcaReo tahitiRipoarischRomânăRumantschRuna SimiРусиньскыйРусскийСаха тылаSámegiellaसंस्कृतम्SängöSarduScotsSeelterskSesothoSesotho sa LeboaSetswanaShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishسنڌيSiSwatiSlovenčinaSlovenščinaŚlůnskiSoomaaligaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitTarandíneТатарча/tatarçaతెలుగుไทยትግርኛТоҷикӣTsetsêhestâheseTshivendaತುಳುTürkçeTürkmençeУкраїнськаاردوئۇيغۇرچە / UyghurcheVahcuenghVènetoVepsän kel’Tiếng ViệtVolapükVõroWalon文言West-VlamsWinarayWolof吴语XitsongaייִדישYorùbá粵語ZazakiZeêuwsŽemaitėška中文डोटेलीKabɩyɛ 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 27 July 2017, at 22:30.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









South Africa - Wikipedia




















 







South Africa

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the modern country. For other uses, see South Africa (disambiguation).





Republic of South Africa

10 other official names:[1]
Republiek van Suid-Afrika  (Afrikaans)
Repabliki ya Afrika-Borwa  (Northern Sotho)
Rephaboliki ya Afrika Borwa  (Sotho)
iRiphabliki yeSewula Afrika  (Southern Ndebele)
iRiphabhulikhi yeNingizimu Afrika  (Swati)
Riphabliki ra Afrika Dzonga  (Tsonga)
Rephaboliki ya Aforika Borwa  (Tswana)
Riphabuḽiki ya Afurika Tshipembe  (Venda)
iRiphabliki yomZantsi Afrika  (Xhosa)
iRiphabhuliki yaseNingizimu Afrika  (Zulu)










Flag



Coat of arms






Motto: "!ke e: ǀxarra ǁke" (ǀXam)
"Unity in Diversity"




Anthem: National anthem of South Africa

















Location of  South Africa  (dark blue)
in the African Union  (light blue)








Capital



Pretoria (executive)
Bloemfontein (judicial)
Cape Town (legislative)





Largest city
Johannesburg[2]


Official languages

[Note 1]

11 languages

Afrikaans
Northern Sotho
English
Southern Ndebele
Southern Sotho
Swazi
Tsonga
Tswana
Venda
Xhosa
Zulu





Ethnic groups (2014[3])



80.2% Black
8.8% Coloured
8.4% White
2.5% Asian





Religion
See Religion in South Africa


Demonym
South African


Government
Unitary parliamentary constitutional republic



• President

Jacob Zuma



• Deputy President

Cyril Ramaphosa


Legislature
Parliament



• Upper house

National Council



• Lower house

National Assembly


Independence from the United Kingdom



• Union

31 May 1910



• Self-governance

11 December 1931



• Republic

31 May 1961



• Current constitution

4 February 1997


Area



• Total

1,221,037 km2 (471,445 sq mi) (24th)



• Water (%)

negligible


Population



• 2015 estimate

54,956,900[4] (25th)



• 2011 census

51,770,560[5]:18



• Density

42.4/km2 (109.8/sq mi) (169th)


GDP (PPP)
2016 estimate



• Total

$742.461 billion[6] (30th)



• Per capita

$13,321[6] (90th)


GDP (nominal)
2016 estimate



• Total

$326.541 billion[6] (35th)



• Per capita

$5,859[6] (88th)


Gini (2009)
63.1[7]
very high


HDI (2014)
 0.666[8]
medium · 116th


Currency
South African rand (ZAR)


Time zone
SAST (UTC+2)


Drives on the
left


Calling code
+27


ISO 3166 code
ZA


Internet TLD
.za


South Africa, officially the Republic of South Africa (RSA), is the southernmost country in Africa. It is bounded on the south by 2,798 kilometres (1,739 mi) of coastline of Southern Africa stretching along the South Atlantic and Indian Oceans;[9][10][11] on the north by the neighbouring countries of Namibia, Botswana, and Zimbabwe; and on the east and northeast by Mozambique and Swaziland; and surrounds the kingdom of Lesotho.[12] South Africa is the 25th-largest country in the world by land area, and with close to 56,000,000 people, is the world's 24th-most populous nation. It is the southernmost country on the mainland of the Old World or the Eastern Hemisphere. About 80% of South Africans are of Sub-Saharan African ancestry,[5] divided among a variety of ethnic groups speaking different Bantu languages, nine of which have official status.[11] The remaining population consists of Africa's largest communities of European (white), Asian (Indian), and multiracial (coloured) ancestry.
South Africa is a multiethnic society encompassing a wide variety of cultures, languages, and religions. Its pluralistic makeup is reflected in the constitution's recognition of eleven official languages, which is among the highest number of any country in the world.[11] Two of these languages are of European origin: Afrikaans developed from Dutch and serves as the first language of most white and coloured South Africans; English reflects the legacy of British colonialism, and is commonly used in public and commercial life, though it is fourth-ranked as a spoken first language.[11] The country is one of the few in Africa never to have had a coup d'état, and regular elections have been held for almost a century. However, the vast majority of Black South Africans were not enfranchised until 1994. During the twentieth century, the Black majority sought to recover its rights from the dominant White minority, with this struggle playing a large role in the country's recent history and politics. The National Party imposed the apartheid system in 1948, institutionalising previous racial segregation. After a long and sometimes violent struggle by the African National Congress and other anti-apartheid activists both inside and outside the country, discriminatory laws began to be repealed or abolished from 1990 onwards.
Since 1994, all ethnic and linguistic groups have held political representation in the country's democracy, which comprises a parliamentary republic and nine provinces. South Africa is often referred to as the "Rainbow Nation" to describe the country's multicultural diversity, especially in the wake of apartheid.[13] The World Bank classifies South Africa as an upper-middle-income economy, and a newly industrialised country.[14][15] Its economy is the second-largest in Africa, and the 34th-largest in the world.[6] In terms of purchasing power parity, South Africa has the seventh-highest per capita income in Africa. However, poverty and inequality remain widespread, with about a quarter of the population unemployed and living on less than US$1.25 a day.[16][17] Nevertheless, South Africa has been identified as a middle power in international affairs, and maintains significant regional influence.[18][19]



Contents


1 Name
2 History

2.1 Prehistoric finds
2.2 Bantu expansion
2.3 Portuguese contacts
2.4 Dutch colonisation
2.5 British colonisation

2.5.1 Independence
2.5.2 Beginning of apartheid


2.6 Republic

2.6.1 End of apartheid




3 Geography

3.1 Climate
3.2 Biodiversity

3.2.1 Animals
3.2.2 Fungi
3.2.3 Plants


3.3 Conservation issues


4 Politics and government

4.1 Law
4.2 Foreign relations
4.3 Military
4.4 Administrative divisions


5 Economy

5.1 Labour market
5.2 Science and technology
5.3 Water supply and sanitation


6 Demographics

6.1 Languages
6.2 Urban centres
6.3 Religion


7 Culture

7.1 Arts
7.2 Popular culture
7.3 Cuisine
7.4 Sports


8 Education
9 Health

9.1 HIV/AIDS


10 See also
11 Notes
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Name
See also: Official names of South Africa
The name "South Africa" is derived from the country's geographic location at the southern tip of Africa. Upon formation the country was named the Union of South Africa in English, reflecting its origin from the unification of four formerly separate British colonies. Since 1961 the long form name in English has been the "Republic of South Africa". In Dutch the country was named Republiek van Zuid-Afrika, replaced in 1983 by the Afrikaans Republiek van Suid-Afrika. Since 1994 the Republic has had an official name in each of its 11 official languages.
Mzansi, derived from the Xhosa noun umzantsi meaning "south", is a colloquial name for South Africa,[20][21] while some Pan-Africanist political parties prefer the term "Azania".[22]
History
Main article: History of South Africa
Prehistoric finds
South Africa contains some of the oldest archaeological and human fossil sites in the world.[23][24][25] Extensive fossil remains have been recovered from a series of caves in Gauteng Province. The area is a UNESCO World Heritage site and has been termed the Cradle of Humankind. The sites include Sterkfontein, which is one of the richest hominin fossil sites in the world. Other sites include Swartkrans, Gondolin Cave Kromdraai, Coopers Cave and Malapa. The first hominin fossil discovered in Africa, the Taung Child was found near Taung in 1924. Further hominin remains have been recovered from the sites of Makapansgat in Limpopo, Cornelia and Florisbad in the Free State, Border Cave in KwaZulu-Natal, Klasies River Mouth in eastern Cape and Pinnacle Point, Elandsfontein and Die Kelders Cave in Western Cape. These sites suggest that various hominid species existed in South Africa from about three million years ago starting with Australopithecus africanus.[26] These were succeeded by various species, including Australopithecus sediba, Homo ergaster, Homo erectus, Homo rhodesiensis, Homo helmei, Homo naledi and modern humans, Homo sapiens. Modern humans have inhabited Southern Africa for at least 170,000 years.
Within the Vaal River valley, pebble tools have been located.[27]
Bantu expansion




Mapungubwe Hill, the site of the former capital of the Kingdom of Mapungubwe


Settlements of Bantu-speaking peoples, who were iron-using agriculturists and herdsmen, were already present south of the Limpopo River (now the northern border with Botswana and Zimbabwe) by the 4th or 5th century CE. (See Bantu expansion.) They displaced, conquered and absorbed the original Khoisan speakers, the Khoikhoi and San peoples. The Bantu slowly moved south. The earliest ironworks in modern-day KwaZulu-Natal Province are believed to date from around 1050. The southernmost group was the Xhosa people, whose language incorporates certain linguistic traits from the earlier Khoisan people. The Xhosa reached the Great Fish River, in today's Eastern Cape Province. As they migrated, these larger Iron Age populations displaced or assimilated earlier peoples. In Mpumalanga, several stone circles have been found along with the stone arrangement that has been named Adam's Calendar.
Portuguese contacts
At the time of European contact, the dominant ethnic group were Bantu-speaking peoples who had migrated from other parts of Africa about one thousand years before. The two major historic groups were the Xhosa and Zulu peoples.
In 1487, the Portuguese explorer Bartolomeu Dias led the first European voyage to land in southern Africa.[28] On 4 December, he landed at Walfisch Bay (now known as Walvis Bay in present-day Namibia). This was south of the furthest point reached in 1485 by his predecessor, the Portuguese navigator Diogo Cão (Cape Cross, north of the bay). Dias continued down the western coast of southern Africa. After 8 January 1488, prevented by storms from proceeding along the coast, he sailed out of sight of land and passed the southernmost point of Africa without seeing it. He reached as far up the eastern coast of Africa as, what he called, Rio do Infante, probably the present-day Groot River, in May 1488, but on his return he saw the Cape, which he first named Cabo das Tormentas (Cape of Storms). His King, John II, renamed the point Cabo da Boa Esperança, or Cape of Good Hope, as it led to the riches of the East Indies.[29] Dias' feat of navigation was later immortalised in Luís de Camões' Portuguese epic poem, The Lusiads (1572).
Dutch colonisation
See also: History of Cape Colony and Dutch Cape Colony




Charles Davidson Bell's 19th-century painting of Jan van Riebeeck, who founded the first European settlement in South Africa, arrives in Table Bay in 1652.


By the early 17th century, Portugal's maritime power was starting to decline, and English and Dutch merchants competed to oust Lisbon from its lucrative monopoly on the spice trade.[30] Representatives of the British East India Company did call sporadically at the Cape in search of provisions as early as 1601, but later came to favour Ascension Island and St. Helena as alternative ports of refuge.[31] Dutch interest was aroused after 1647, when two employees of the Dutch East India Company (VOC) were shipwrecked there for several months. The sailors were able to survive by obtaining fresh water and meat from the natives.[31] They also sowed vegetables in the fertile soil.[32] Upon their return to Holland they reported favourably on the Cape's potential as a "warehouse and garden" for provisions to stock passing ships for long voyages.[31]
In 1652, a century and a half after the discovery of the Cape sea route, Jan van Riebeeck established a victualing station at the Cape of Good Hope, at what would become Cape Town, on behalf of the Dutch East India Company.[33][34] In time, the Cape become home to a large population of "vrijlieden", also known as "vrijburgers" (free citizens), former Company employees who stayed in Dutch territories overseas after serving their contracts.[34] Dutch traders also imported thousands of slaves to the fledgling colony from Indonesia, Madagascar, and parts of eastern Africa.[35] Some of the earliest mixed race communities in the country were later formed through unions between vrijburgers, their slaves, and various indigenous peoples.[36] This led to the development of a new ethnic group, the Cape Coloureds, most of whom adopted the Dutch language and Christian faith.[36]
The eastward expansion of Dutch colonists ushered in a series of wars with the southwesterly migrating Xhosa tribe, as both sides competed for the pastureland necessary to graze their cattle near the Great Fish River.[37] Vrijburgers who became independent farmers on the frontier were known as Boers, with some adopting semi-nomadic lifestyles being denoted as trekboers.[37] The Boers formed loose militias, which they termed commandos, and forged alliances with Khoisan groups to repel Xhosa raids.[37] Both sides launched bloody but inconclusive offensives, and sporadic violence, often accompanied by livestock theft, remained common for several decades.[37]
British colonisation
Great Britain occupied Cape Town between 1795 and 1803 to prevent it from falling under the control of the French First Republic, which had invaded the Low Countries.[37] Despite briefly returning to Dutch rule under the Batavian Republic in 1803, the Cape was occupied again by the British in 1806.[38] Following the end of the Napoleonic Wars, it was formally ceded to Great Britain and became an integral part of the British Empire.[39] British immigration to South Africa began around 1818, subsequently culminating in the arrival of the 1820 Settlers.[39] The new colonists were induced to settle for a variety of reasons, namely to increase the size of the European workforce and to bolster frontier regions against Xhosa incursions.[39]




Depiction of a Zulu attack on a Boer camp in February 1838


In the first two decades of the 19th century, the Zulu people grew in power and expanded their territory under their leader, Shaka.[40] Shaka's warfare led indirectly to the Mfecane ("crushing") that devastated and depopulated the inland plateau in the early 1820s.[41][42] An offshoot of the Zulu, the Matabele people created a larger empire that included large parts of the highveld under their king Mzilikazi.
During the early 1800s, many Dutch settlers departed from the Cape Colony, where they had been subjected to British control. They migrated to the future Natal, Orange Free State, and Transvaal regions. The Boers founded the Boer Republics: the South African Republic (now Gauteng, Limpopo, Mpumalanga and North West provinces) and the Orange Free State (Free State).
The discovery of diamonds in 1867 and gold in 1884 in the interior started the Mineral Revolution and increased economic growth and immigration. This intensified British efforts to gain control over the indigenous peoples. The struggle to control these important economic resources was a factor in relations between Europeans and the indigenous population and also between the Boers and the British.[43]
The Anglo-Zulu War was fought in 1879 between the British Empire and the Zulu Kingdom. Following Lord Carnarvon's successful introduction of federation in Canada, it was thought that similar political effort, coupled with military campaigns, might succeed with the African kingdoms, tribal areas and Boer republics in South Africa. In 1874, Sir Henry Bartle Frere was sent to South Africa as High Commissioner for the British Empire to bring such plans into being. Among the obstacles were the presence of the independent states of the South African Republic and the Kingdom of Zululand and its army. The Zulu nation spectacularly defeated the British at the Battle of Isandlwana. Eventually though the war was lost resulting in the end of the Zulu nation's independence.




Boers in combat (1881)


The Boer Republics successfully resisted British encroachments during the First Boer War (1880–1881) using guerrilla warfare tactics, which were well suited to local conditions. The British returned with greater numbers, more experience, and new strategy in the Second Boer War (1899–1902) but suffered heavy casualties through attrition; nonetheless, they were ultimately successful.
Independence
Within the country, anti-British policies among white South Africans focused on independence. During the Dutch and British colonial years, racial segregation was mostly informal, though some legislation was enacted to control the settlement and movement of native people, including the Native Location Act of 1879 and the system of pass laws.[44][45][46][47][48]
Eight years after the end of the Second Boer War and after four years of negotiation, an act of the British Parliament (South Africa Act 1909) granted nominal independence, while creating the Union of South Africa on 31 May 1910. The Union was a dominion that included the former territories of the Cape and Natal colonies, as well as the republics of Orange Free State and Transvaal.[49]
The Natives' Land Act of 1913 severely restricted the ownership of land by blacks; at that stage natives controlled only 7% of the country. The amount of land reserved for indigenous peoples was later marginally increased.[50]
In 1931 the union was fully sovereign from the United Kingdom with the passage of the Statute of Westminster, which abolished the last powers of the British Government on the country. In 1934, the South African Party and National Party merged to form the United Party, seeking reconciliation between Afrikaners and English-speaking "Whites". In 1939 the party split over the entry of the Union into World War II as an ally of the United Kingdom, a move which the National Party followers strongly opposed.
Beginning of apartheid




"For use by white persons" – apartheid sign


In 1948, the National Party was elected to power. It strengthened the racial segregation begun under Dutch and British colonial rule. The Nationalist Government classified all peoples into three races and developed rights and limitations for each. The white minority (less than 20%[51]) controlled the vastly larger black majority. The legally institutionalised segregation became known as apartheid. While whites enjoyed the highest standard of living in all of Africa, comparable to First World Western nations, the black majority remained disadvantaged by almost every standard, including income, education, housing, and life expectancy. The Freedom Charter, adopted in 1955 by the Congress Alliance, demanded a non-racial society and an end to discrimination.
Republic
On 31 May 1961, the country became a republic following a referendum in which white voters narrowly voted in favour thereof (the British-dominated Natal province rallied against the issue).[52] Queen Elizabeth II was stripped of the title Queen of South Africa, and the last Governor-General, namely Charles Robberts Swart, became State President. As a concession to the Westminster system, the presidency remained parliamentary appointed and virtually powerless until P. W. Botha's Constitution Act of 1983, which (intact in these regards) eliminated the office of Prime Minister and instated a near-unique "strong presidency" responsible to parliament. Pressured by other Commonwealth of Nations countries, South Africa withdrew from the organisation in 1961, and rejoined it only in 1994.
Despite opposition both within and outside the country, the government legislated for a continuation of apartheid. The security forces cracked down on internal dissent, and violence became widespread, with anti-apartheid organisations such as the African National Congress, the Azanian People's Organisation, and the Pan-Africanist Congress carrying out guerrilla warfare[53] and urban sabotage.[54] The three rival resistance movements also engaged in occasional inter-factional clashes as they jockeyed for domestic influence.[55] Apartheid became increasingly controversial, and several countries began to boycott business with the South African government because of its racial policies. These measures were later extended to international sanctions and the divestment of holdings by foreign investors.[56][57]




F. W. de Klerk and Nelson Mandela shake hands in January 1992


In the late 1970s, South Africa initiated a programme of nuclear weapons development. In the following decade, it produced six deliverable nuclear weapons.[58][59]
End of apartheid
The Mahlabatini Declaration of Faith, signed by Mangosuthu Buthelezi and Harry Schwarz in 1974, enshrined the principles of peaceful transition of power and equality for all, the first of such agreements by black and white political leaders in South Africa. Ultimately, F. W. de Klerk opened bilateral discussions with Nelson Mandela in 1993 for a transition of policies and government.
In 1990 the National Party government took the first step towards dismantling discrimination when it lifted the ban on the African National Congress and other political organisations. It released Nelson Mandela from prison after twenty-seven years' serving a sentence for sabotage. A negotiation process followed. With approval from a predominantly white referendum, the government repealed apartheid legislation. South Africa also destroyed its nuclear arsenal and acceded to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty. South Africa held its first universal elections in 1994, which the ANC won by an overwhelming majority. It has been in power ever since. The country rejoined the Commonwealth of Nations and became a member of the Southern African Development Community (SADC).




Nelson Mandela, first black African President of Republic of South Africa


In post-apartheid South Africa, unemployment has been extremely high as the country has struggled with many changes. While many blacks have risen to middle or upper classes, the overall unemployment rate of blacks worsened between 1994 and 2003.[60] Poverty among whites, previously rare, increased.[61] In addition, the current government has struggled to achieve the monetary and fiscal discipline to ensure both redistribution of wealth and economic growth. Since the ANC-led government took power, the United Nations Human Development Index of South Africa has fallen, while it was steadily rising until the mid-1990s.[62] Some may be attributed to the HIV/AIDS pandemic, and the failure of the government to take steps to address it in the early years.[63]
In May 2008, riots left over sixty people dead.[64] The Centre on Housing Rights and Evictions estimates over 100,000 people were driven from their homes.[65] The targets were mainly migrants and refugees seeking asylum, but a third of the victims were South African citizens.[64] In a 2006 survey, the South African Migration Project concluded that South Africans are more opposed to immigration than anywhere else in the world.[66] The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in 2008 reported over 200,000 refugees applied for asylum in South Africa, almost four times as many as the year before.[67] These people were mainly from Zimbabwe, though many also come from Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Rwanda, Eritrea, Ethiopia and Somalia.[67] Competition over jobs, business opportunities, public services and housing has led to tension between refugees and host communities.[67] While xenophobia is still a problem, recent violence has not been as widespread as initially feared.[67]
Geography
Main article: Geography of South Africa




A map of South Africa showing the main topographic features: the Central Plateau edged by the Great Escarpment, and the Cape Fold Belt in the south-west corner of the country






Important geographical regions in South Africa. The thick line traces the course of the Great Escarpment which edges the central plateau. The eastern portion of this line, coloured red, is known as the Drakensberg. The Escarpment rises to its highest point, at over 3000 m, where the Drakensberg forms the border between KwaZulu-Natal and Lesotho. None of the regions indicated on the map has a sharp well-defined border, except where the Escarpment, or a range of mountains forms a clear dividing line between two regions. Some of the better known regions are coloured in; the others are simply indicated by their names, as they would be in an atlas.


South Africa is located at the southernmost region of Africa, with a long coastline that stretches more than 2,500 km (1,553 mi) and along two oceans (the South Atlantic and the Indian). At 1,219,912 km2 (471,011 sq mi),[68] South Africa is the 25th-largest country in the world and is comparable in size to Colombia. Mafadi in the Drakensberg at 3,450 m (11,320 ft) is the highest peak in South Africa. Excluding the Prince Edward Islands, the country lies between latitudes 22° and 35°S, and longitudes 16° and 33°E.
The interior of South Africa consists of a vast, in most places almost flat, plateau with an altitude of between 1,000 m (3,300 ft) and 2,100 m (6,900 ft), highest in the east and sloping gently downwards towards the west and north, and slightly less noticeably so to the south and south-west.[69] This plateau is surrounded by the Great Escarpment[70] whose eastern, and highest, stretch is known as the Drakensberg.[71]
The south and south-western parts of the plateau (at approximately 1100–1800 m above sea level), and the adjoining plain below (at approximately 700–800 m above sea level – see map on the right) is known as the Great Karoo, which consists of sparsely populated scrubland. To the north the Great Karoo fades into the even drier and more arid Bushmanland, which eventually becomes the Kalahari desert in the very north-west of the country. The mid-eastern, and highest part of the plateau is known as the Highveld. This relatively well-watered area is home to a great proportion of the country’s commercial farmlands, and contains its largest conurbation (Gauteng Province). To the north of Highveld, from about the 25° 30' S line of latitude, the plateau slopes downwards into the Bushveld, which ultimately gives way to the Limpopo lowlands or Lowveld.[70]




Flat topped hills (called Karoo Koppies) are highly characteristic of the southern and southwestern Karoo landscape. These hills are capped by hard, erosion resistant dolerite sills. This is solidified lava that was forced under high pressure between the horizontal strata of the sedimentary rocks that make up most of the Karoo’s geology about 180 million years ago. Since then Southern Africa has undergone a prolonged period of erosion removing the relatively soft Karoo rocks, except where they are protected by a cap of dolerite. This photograph was taken near Cradock in the Eastern Cape.


The coastal belt, below the Great Escarpment, moving clockwise from the northeast, consists of the Limpopo Lowveld, which merges into the Mpumalanga Lowveld, below the Mpumalanga Drakensberg (the eastern portion of the Great Escarpment).[72] This is hotter, drier and less intensely cultivated than the Highveld above the escarpment.[70] The Kruger National Park, located in the provinces of Limpopo and Mpumalanga in northeastern South Africa, occupies a large portion of the Lowveld covering 19,633 square kilometres (7,580 sq mi.) [73] South of the Lowveld the annual rainfall increases as one enters KwaZulu-Natal Province, which, especially near the coast, is subtropically hot and humid. The KwaZulu-Natal – Lesotho international border is formed by the highest portion of the Great Escarpment, or Drakensberg, which reaches an altitude of over 3,000 m (9,800 ft).[74] The climate at the foot of this part of the Drakensberg is temperate.




Drakensberg, the eastern and highest portion of the Great Escarpment which surrounds the east, south and western borders of the central plateau of Southern Africa


The coastal belt below the south and south-western stretches of the Great Escarpment contains several ranges of Cape Fold Mountains which run parallel to the coast, separating the Great Escarpment from the ocean.[75][76] (These parallel ranges of fold mountains are shown on the map, above left. Note the course of the Great Escarpment to the north of these mountain ranges.) The land (at approximately 400–500 m above sea level) between two of these ranges of fold mountains in the south (i.e. between the Outeniqua and Langeberg ranges to the south and the Swartberg range to the north) is known as the Little Karoo,[70] which consists of semi-desert scrubland similar to that of the Great Karoo, except that its northern strip along the foothills of the Swartberg Mountains, has a somewhat higher rainfall and is therefore more cultivated than the Great Karoo. The Little Karoo is historically, and still, famous for its ostrich farming around the town of Oudtshoorn. The lowland area (700–800 m above sea level) to the north of the Swartberg mountain range up to the Great Escarpment is the lowland part of the Great Karoo (see map at top right), which is climatically and botanically almost indistinguishable from the Karoo above the Great Escarpment. The narrow coastal strip between the most seaward Cape Fold Mountain range (i.e., the Langeberg–Outeniqua mountains) and the ocean has a moderately high year-round rainfall, especially in the George-Knysna-Plettenberg Bay region, which is known as the Garden Route. It is famous for the most extensive areas of indigenous forests in South Africa (a generally forest-poor country).
In the south-west corner of the country the Cape Peninsula forms the southernmost tip of the coastal strip which borders the Atlantic Ocean, and ultimately terminates at the country’s border with Namibia at the Orange River. The Cape Peninsula has a Mediterranean climate, making it and its immediate surrounds the only portion of Africa south of the Sahara which receives most of its rainfall in winter.[77][78] The greater Cape Town metropolitan area is situated on the Cape Peninsula and is home to 3.7 million people according to the 2011 population census. It is the country's legislative capital.




Spring flowers in Namaqualand


The coastal belt to the north of the Cape Peninsula is bounded on the west by the Atlantic Ocean and the first row of north-south running Cape Fold Mountains to the east. The Cape Fold Mountains peter out at about the 32° S line of latitude,[76] after which the coastal plain is bounded by the Great Escarpment itself. The most southerly portion of this coastal belt is known as the Swartland and Malmesbury Plain, which is an important wheat growing region, relying on winter rains. The region further north is known as Namaqualand,[79] which becomes more and more arid as one approaches the Orange River. The little rain that falls, tends to fall in winter,[78] which results in one of the world’s most spectacular displays of flowers carpeting huge stretches of veld in spring (August–September).




Cape Floral Region Protected Areas.


South Africa also has one possession, the small sub-Antarctic archipelago of the Prince Edward Islands, consisting of Marion Island (290 km2 or 110 sq mi) and Prince Edward Island (45 km2 or 17 sq mi) (not to be confused with the Canadian province of the same name).
Climate
Main article: Climate of South Africa




Köppen climate types of South Africa


South Africa has a generally temperate climate, due in part to being surrounded by the Atlantic and Indian Oceans on three sides, by its location in the climatically milder Southern Hemisphere and due to the average elevation rising steadily towards the north (towards the equator) and further inland. Due to this varied topography and oceanic influence, a great variety of climatic zones exist. The climatic zones range from the extreme desert of the southern Namib in the farthest northwest to the lush subtropical climate in the east along the Mozambique border and the Indian Ocean. Winters in South Africa occur between June and August.
The extreme southwest has a climate remarkably similar to that of the Mediterranean with wet winters and hot, dry summers, hosting the famous fynbos biome of shrubland and thicket. This area also produces much of the wine in South Africa. This region is also particularly known for its wind, which blows intermittently almost all year. The severity of this wind made passing around the Cape of Good Hope particularly treacherous for sailors, causing many shipwrecks. Further east on the south coast, rainfall is distributed more evenly throughout the year, producing a green landscape. This area is popularly known as the Garden Route.
The Free State is particularly flat because it lies centrally on the high plateau. North of the Vaal River, the Highveld becomes better watered and does not experience subtropical extremes of heat. Johannesburg, in the centre of the Highveld, is at 1,740 m (5,709 ft) and receives an annual rainfall of 760 mm (29.9 in). Winters in this region are cold, although snow is rare.
The high Drakensberg mountains, which form the south-eastern escarpment of the Highveld, offer limited skiing opportunities in winter. The coldest place on mainland South Africa is Sutherland in the western Roggeveld Mountains, where midwinter temperatures can reach as low as −15 °C (5 °F). The Prince Edward Islands have colder average annual temperatures, but Sutherland has colder extremes. The deep interior of mainland South Africa has the hottest temperatures: a temperature of 51.7 °C (125.06 °F) was recorded in 1948 in the Northern Cape Kalahari near Upington,[80] but this temperature is unofficial and was not recorded with standard equipment, the official highest temperature is 48.8 °C (119.84 °F) at Vioolsdrif in January 1993.[81]
Biodiversity
See also: Wildlife of South Africa and Protected areas of South Africa
South Africa signed the Rio Convention on Biological Diversity on 4 June 1994, and became a party to the convention on 2 November 1995.[82] It has subsequently produced a National Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plan, which was received by the convention on 7 June 2006.[83] The country is ranked sixth out of the world's seventeen megadiverse countries.[84]
Animals




South African giraffe, Kruger National Park


Numerous mammals are found in the bushveld including Transvaal lions, African leopards, South African cheetahs, southern white rhinos, blue wildebeest, kudus, impalas, hyenas, hippopotamuses and South African giraffes. A significant extent of the bushveld exists in the north-east including Kruger National Park and the Sabi Sand Game Reserve, as well as in the far north in the Waterberg Biosphere. South Africa houses many endemic species, among them the critically endangered riverine rabbit (Bunolagus monticullaris) in the Karoo.
Fungi
Up to 1945, more than 4900 species of fungi (including lichen-forming species) had been recorded.[85] In 2006, the total number of fungi which occur in South Africa was conservatively estimated at about 200,000 species, but that did not take into account fungi associated with insects.[86] If correct, then the number of South African fungi dwarfs that of its plants. In at least some major South African ecosystems, an exceptionally high percentage of fungi are highly specific in terms of the plants with which they occur.[87] The country's biodiversity strategy and action plan does not mention fungi (including lichen-forming fungi).[83]
Plants




Sub-tropical forest near Durban






Lowveld vegetation of the Kruger National Park


With more than 22,000 different higher plants, or about 9% of all the known species of plants on Earth,[88] South Africa is particularly rich in plant diversity. The most prevalent biome in South Africa is the grassland, particularly on the Highveld, where the plant cover is dominated by different grasses, low shrubs, and acacia trees, mainly camel-thorn and whitethorn. Vegetation becomes even more sparse towards the northwest due to low rainfall. There are several species of water-storing succulents like aloes and euphorbias in the very hot and dry Namaqualand area. The grass and thorn savannah turns slowly into a bush savannah towards the north-east of the country, with denser growth. There are significant numbers of baobab trees in this area, near the northern end of Kruger National Park.[89]
The fynbos biome, which makes up the majority of the area and plant life in the Cape floristic region, one of the six floral kingdoms, is located in a small region of the Western Cape and contains more than 9,000 of those species, making it among the richest regions on earth in terms of plant diversity.[citation needed] Most of the plants are evergreen hard-leaf plants with fine, needle-like leaves, such as the sclerophyllous plants. Another uniquely South African flowering plant group is the genus Protea. There are around 130 different species of Protea in South Africa.
While South Africa has a great wealth of flowering plants, only 1% of South Africa is forest, almost exclusively in the humid coastal plain of KwaZulu-Natal, where there are also areas of Southern Africa mangroves in river mouths. There are even smaller reserves of forests that are out of the reach of fire, known as montane forests. Plantations of imported tree species are predominant, particularly the non-native eucalyptus and pine.
Conservation issues
South Africa has lost a large area of natural habitat in the last four decades, primarily due to overpopulation, sprawling development patterns and deforestation during the 19th century. South Africa is one of the worst affected countries in the world when it comes to invasion by alien species with many (e.g. black wattle, Port Jackson willow, Hakea, Lantana and Jacaranda) posing a significant threat to the native biodiversity and the already scarce water resources. The original temperate forest found by the first European settlers was exploited ruthlessly until only small patches remained. Currently, South African hardwood trees like real yellowwood (Podocarpus latifolius), stinkwood (Ocotea bullata), and South African black ironwood (Olea laurifolia) are under government protection. Statistics from the South African Environmental Affairs department show a record 1215 rhinos have been killed in 2014.[90]
Climate change is expected to bring considerable warming and drying to much of this already semi-arid region, with greater frequency and intensity of extreme weather events such as heatwaves, flooding and drought. According to computer generated climate modelling produced by the South African National Biodiversity Institute[91] parts of southern Africa will see an increase in temperature by about one degree Celsius along the coast to more than four degrees Celsius in the already hot hinterland such as the Northern Cape in late spring and summertime by 2050. The Cape Floral Kingdom, been identified as one of the global biodiversity hotspots, it will be hit very hard by climate change. Drought, increased intensity and frequency of fire and climbing temperatures are expected to push many rare species towards extinction.


Biodiversity of South Africa


King protea, national flower



Fynbos, Cape Floristic Region



Blue crane, national bird



Flowers in the West Coast National Park




Politics and government
Main articles: Government of South Africa, Politics of South Africa, Law of South Africa, and Human rights in South Africa




Union Buildings in Pretoria, seat of the executive






Houses of Parliament in Cape Town, seat of the legislature


South Africa is a parliamentary republic, although unlike most such republics the President is both head of state and head of government, and depends for his tenure on the confidence of Parliament. The executive, legislature and judiciary are all subject to the supremacy of the Constitution, and the superior courts have the power to strike down executive actions and acts of Parliament if they are unconstitutional.
The National Assembly, the lower house of Parliament, consists of 400 members and is elected every five years by a system of party-list proportional representation. The National Council of Provinces, the upper house, consists of ninety members, with each of the nine provincial legislatures electing ten members.
After each parliamentary election, the National Assembly elects one of its members as President; hence the President serves a term of office the same as that of the Assembly, normally five years. No President may serve more than two terms in office.[92] The President appoints a Deputy President and Ministers, who form the Cabinet which consists of Departments and Ministries. The President and the Cabinet may be removed by the National Assembly by a motion of no confidence.




Jacob Zuma, President of South Africa since 2009


In the most recent election, held on 7 May 2014, the African National Congress (ANC) won 62.2% of the vote and 249 seats, while the main opposition, the Democratic Alliance (DA) won 22.2% of the vote and 89 seats. The Economic Freedom Fighters, founded by Julius Malema, the former President of the ANC's Youth Wing who was later expelled from the ANC, won 6.4% of the vote and 25 seats. The ANC has been the governing political party in South Africa since the end of apartheid.
South Africa has no legally defined capital city. The fourth chapter of the Constitution of South Africa, states that "The seat of Parliament is Cape Town, but an Act of Parliament enacted in accordance with section 76(1) and (5) may determine that the seat of Parliament is elsewhere."[93] The country's three branches of government are split over different cities. Cape Town, as the seat of Parliament, is the legislative capital; Pretoria, as the seat of the President and Cabinet, is the administrative capital; and Bloemfontein, as the seat of the Supreme Court of Appeal, is the judicial capital, while the Constitutional Court of South Africa sits in Johannesburg. Most foreign embassies are located in Pretoria.
Since 2004, South Africa has had many thousands of popular protests, some violent, making it, according to one academic, the "most protest-rich country in the world".[94] There have been a number of incidents of political repression as well as threats of future repression in violation of this constitution leading some analysts and civil society organisations to conclude that there is or could be a new climate of political repression,[95][96] or a decline in political tolerance.[97]
In 2008, South Africa placed 5th out of 48 sub-Saharan African countries on the Ibrahim Index of African Governance. South Africa scored well in the categories of Rule of Law, Transparency & Corruption and Participation & Human Rights, but was let down by its relatively poor performance in Safety & Security.[98] In November 2006, South Africa became the first African country to legalise same-sex marriage.[99]
Law
See also: Crime in South Africa




Constitutional Court in Johannesburg


The Constitution of South Africa is the supreme rule of law in the country. The primary sources of South African law are Roman-Dutch mercantile law and personal law with English Common law, as imports of Dutch settlements and British colonialism.[100] The first European based law in South Africa was brought by the Dutch East India Company and is called Roman-Dutch law. It was imported before the codification of European law into the Napoleonic Code and is comparable in many ways to Scots law. This was followed in the 19th century by English law, both common and statutory. Starting in 1910 with unification, South Africa had its own parliament which passed laws specific for South Africa, building on those previously passed for the individual member colonies.
The judicial system consists of the magistrates' courts, which hear lesser criminal cases and smaller civil cases; the High Courts, which are courts of general jurisdiction for specific areas; the Supreme Court of Appeal, which is the highest court in all but constitutional matters; and the Constitutional Court, which hears only constitutional matters.




Soweto Pride 2012 participants protest against violence against lesbians. Human Rights in the country are widely positivized into laws but some groups still are socially discriminated. It is the first country in Africa recognizing same sex marriage.


Nearly 50 murders are committed each day in South Africa.[101] In the year ended March 2014 there were 17,068 murders and the murder rate was 32.2 per 100,000 - about five times higher than the global average of 6 per 100,000.[102] Middle-class South Africans seek security in gated communities.[103] The private security industry in South Africa is the largest in the world,[104] with nearly 9,000 registered companies and 400,000 registered active private security guards, more than the South African police and army combined.[105] Many emigrants from South Africa also state that crime was a big motivator for them to leave.[106] Crime against the farming community has continued to be a major problem.[107]
It is estimated that 500,000 women are raped in South Africa every year[108] with the average woman more likely to be raped than complete secondary school.[109] A 2009 survey found one in four South African men admitted to raping someone[110] and another survey found one in three women out of 4000 surveyed women said they had been raped in the past year.[111] Rapes are also perpetrated by children (some as young as ten).[112] Child and baby rape incidences are some of the highest in the world, largely as a result of the virgin cleansing myth, and a number of high-profile cases (sometimes as young as eight months[112]) have outraged the nation.[113]
Foreign relations
Main article: Foreign relations of South Africa




Leaders of the BRICS nations at the G-20 summit in Hangzhou, 2016


As the Union of South Africa, the country was a founding member of the United Nations. The then Prime Minister Jan Smuts wrote the preamble to the United Nations Charter.[114][115] South Africa is one of the founding members of the African Union (AU), and has the second largest economy of all the members. It is also a founding member of the AU's New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD).
South Africa has played a key role as a mediator in African conflicts over the last decade, such as in Burundi, the Democratic Republic of Congo, the Comoros, and Zimbabwe. After apartheid ended, South Africa was readmitted to the Commonwealth of Nations. The country is a member of the Group of 77 and chaired the organisation in 2006. South Africa is also a member of the Southern African Development Community, South Atlantic Peace and Cooperation Zone, Southern African Customs Union, Antarctic Treaty System, World Trade Organization, International Monetary Fund, G20, G8+5, and the Port Management Association of Eastern and Southern Africa.
South African President Jacob Zuma and Chinese President Hu Jintao upgraded bilateral ties between the two countries on 24 August 2010, when they signed the Beijing Agreement, which elevated South Africa's earlier "strategic partnership" with China to the higher level of "comprehensive strategic partnership" in both economic and political affairs, including the strengthening of exchanges between their respective ruling parties and legislatures.[116][117] In April 2011, South Africa formally joined the Brazil-Russia-India-China (BRICS) grouping of countries, identified by President Zuma as the country's largest trading partners, and also the largest trading partners with Africa as a whole. Zuma asserted that BRICS member countries would also work with each other through the UN, the Group of Twenty (G20) and the India, Brazil South Africa (IBSA) forum.[118]
Military
Main article: South African National Defence Force




SANDF soldiers


The South African National Defence Force (SANDF) was created in 1994,[119][120] as an all volunteer force composed of the former South African Defence Force, the forces of the African nationalist groups (Umkhonto we Sizwe and Azanian People's Liberation Army), and the former Bantustan defence forces.[119] The SANDF is subdivided into four branches, the South African Army, the South African Air Force, the South African Navy, and the South African Military Health Service.[121] In recent years, the SANDF has become a major peacekeeping force in Africa,[122] and has been involved in operations in Lesotho, the Democratic Republic of the Congo,[122] and Burundi,[122] amongst others. It has also served in multi-national UN peacekeeping forces such as the United Nations Force Intervention Brigade for example.
South Africa is the only African country to have successfully developed nuclear weapons. It became the first country (followed by Ukraine) with nuclear capability to voluntarily renounce and dismantle its programme and in the process signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 1991.[123] South Africa undertook a nuclear weapons programme in the 1970s[123] According to former state president FW de Klerk, the decision to build a "nuclear deterrent" was taken "as early as 1974 against a backdrop of a Soviet expansionist threat."[124] South Africa is alleged to have conducted a nuclear test over the Atlantic in 1979,[125] although this is officially denied. Former president FW de Klerk maintained that South Africa had "never conducted a clandestine nuclear test."[124] Six nuclear devices were completed between 1980 and 1990, but all were dismantled before South Africa signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 1991.[124]
Administrative divisions
Main article: Provinces of South Africa




Provinces of South Africa


Each of the nine provinces is governed by a unicameral legislature, which is elected every five years by party-list proportional representation. The legislature elects a Premier as head of government, and the Premier appoints an Executive Council as a provincial cabinet. The powers of provincial governments are limited to topics listed in the Constitution; these topics include such fields as health, education, public housing and transport.
The provinces are in turn divided into 52 districts: 8 metropolitan and 44 district municipalities. The district municipalities are further subdivided into 226 local municipalities. The metropolitan municipalities, which govern the largest urban agglomerations, perform the functions of both district and local municipalities.


Province
Provincial capital
Largest city
Area (km2)[126]
Population (2013)[4]


Eastern Cape
Bhisho
Port Elizabeth
168,966
6,620,100


Free State
Bloemfontein
Bloemfontein
129,825
2,753,200


Gauteng
Johannesburg
Johannesburg
18,178
12,728,400


KwaZulu-Natal
Pietermaritzburg
Durban
94,361
10,456,900


Limpopo
Polokwane
Polokwane
125,754
5,518,000


Mpumalanga
Nelspruit
Mbombela
76,495
4,128,000


North West
Mahikeng
Rustenburg
104,882
3,597,600


Northern Cape
Kimberley
Kimberley
372,889
1,162,900


Western Cape
Cape Town
Cape Town
129,462
6,016,900


Economy




Annual per capita personal income by ethnic group in South Africa relative to white levels


Main article: Economy of South Africa




The JSE is the largest stock exchange on the African continent.


South Africa has a mixed economy, the second-largest in Africa after Nigeria. It also has a relatively high GDP per capita compared to other countries in Sub-Saharan Africa ($11,750 at PPP as of 2012). Despite this, South Africa is still burdened by a relatively high rate of poverty and unemployment, and is also ranked in the Top 10 countries in the world for income inequality,[127][128][129] measured by the Gini coefficient.
Unlike most of the world's poor countries, South Africa does not have a thriving informal economy. Only 15% of South African jobs are in the informal sector, compared with around half in Brazil and India and nearly three-quarters in Indonesia. The OECD attributes this difference to South Africa's widespread welfare system.[130] World Bank research shows that South Africa has one of the widest gaps between per capita GNP versus its Human Development Index ranking, with only Botswana showing a larger gap.[131]
After 1994, government policy brought down inflation, stabilised public finances, and some foreign capital was attracted, however growth was still subpar.[132] From 2004 onwards, economic growth picked up significantly; both employment and capital formation increased.[132] During the presidency of Jacob Zuma, the government has begun to increase the role of state-owned enterprises. Some of the biggest state-owned companies are Eskom, the electric power monopoly, South African Airways (SAA), and Transnet, the railway and ports monopoly. Some of these state-owned companies have not been profitable, such as SAA, which has required bailouts totaling R30,000,000,000 ($2,300,000,000) over twenty years.[133]
South Africa is a popular tourist destination, and a substantial amount of revenue comes from tourism.[134] Illegal immigrants are involved in informal trading.[135] Many emigrants to South Africa continue to live in poor conditions, and the immigration policy has become increasingly restrictive since 1994.[136]
Principal international trading partners of South Africa—outside Africa—include: Germany, the United States, China, Japan, the United Kingdom and Spain.[137]
The South African agricultural industry contributes around 10% of formal employment, relatively low compared to other parts of Africa, as well as providing work for casual labourers and contributing around 2.6% of GDP for the nation.[138] Due to the aridity of the land, only 13.5% of the land can be used for crop production, and only 3% is considered high potential land.[139]
In August 2013, South Africa was ranked as the top African Country of the Future by FDi magazine based on the country's economic potential, labour environment, cost-effectiveness, infrastructure, business friendliness, and Foreign direct investment Strategy.[140]
The FSI ranks South Africa as the 36th safest tax haven in the world, ahead of the Philippines but behind the Bahamas.
Labour market




Workers packing pears for export in the Ceres valley


During 1995–2003, the number of formal jobs decreased and informal jobs increased; overall unemployment worsened.[60]
The government's Black Economic Empowerment policies have drawn criticism from Neva Makgetla, lead economist for research and information at the Development Bank of Southern Africa, for focusing "almost exclusively on promoting individual ownership by black people (which) does little to address broader economic disparities, though the rich may become more diverse."[141] Official affirmative action policies have seen a rise in black economic wealth and an emerging black middle-class.[142] Other problems include state ownership and interference, which impose high barriers to entry in many areas.[143] Restrictive labour regulations have contributed to the unemployment malaise.[60]
Along with many other African countries, South Africa has been experiencing a "brain drain" within the past twenty years. This is believed to be potentially damaging for the regional economy,[144][not in citation given][clarification needed] and is almost certainly detrimental for the well-being of those reliant on the healthcare infrastructure.[145] The skills drain in South Africa tends to demonstrate racial contours given the skills distribution legacy of South Africa and has thus resulted in large white South African communities moving abroad.[146] However, the statistics which purport to show a brain drain are disputed and also do not account for repatriation and expiry of foreign work contracts. According to several surveys[147][148] there has been a reverse in brain drain following the global financial crisis of 2008-2009 and the expiry of foreign work contracts. In the first quarter of 2011, confidence levels for graduate professionals were recorded at a level of 84% in a PPS survey.[149]
Science and technology
Main article: Science and technology in South Africa




Mark Shuttleworth in space


Several important scientific and technological developments have originated in South Africa. The first human-to-human heart transplant was performed by cardiac surgeon Dr. Christiaan Barnard at Groote Schuur Hospital in December 1967, Max Theiler developed a vaccine against yellow fever, Allan McLeod Cormack pioneered x-ray computed tomography, and Aaron Klug developed crystallographic electron microscopy techniques. With the exception of that of Barnard, all of these advancements were recognised with Nobel Prizes. Sydney Brenner won most recently, in 2002, for his pioneering work in molecular biology.
Mark Shuttleworth founded an early Internet security company Thawte, that was subsequently bought out by world-leader VeriSign. Despite government efforts to encourage entrepreneurship in biotechnology, IT and other high technology fields, no other notable groundbreaking companies have been founded in South Africa. It is the expressed objective of the government to transition the economy to be more reliant on high technology, based on the realisation that South Africa cannot compete with Far Eastern economies in manufacturing, nor can the republic rely on its mineral wealth in perpetuity.
South Africa has cultivated a burgeoning astronomy community. It hosts the Southern African Large Telescope, the largest optical telescope in the Southern Hemisphere. South Africa is currently building the Karoo Array Telescope as a pathfinder for the €1,500,000,000 Square Kilometre Array project.[150] On 25 May 2012, it was announced that hosting of the Square Kilometer Array Telescope will be split over both the South African and the Australia/New Zealand sites.[151]
Water supply and sanitation
Main article: Water supply and sanitation in South Africa
After the end of Apartheid, South Africa's newly elected ANC government struggled with the-then growing service and backlogs with respect to access to Water supply and Sanitation developed. The government thus made a strong commitment to high service standards and to high levels of investment subsidies to achieve those standards. Since then, the country has made some progress with regard to improving access to water supply: It reached universal access to an improved water source in urban areas, and in rural areas the share of those with access increased from 66% to 79% from 1990 to 2010.[152]
South Africa also has a strong water industry with a track record in innovation. However, much less progress has been achieved on sanitation: Access increased only from 71% to 79% during the same period.[152] Significant problems remain concerning the financial sustainability of service providers, leading to a lack of attention to maintenance. The uncertainty about the government's ability to sustain funding levels in the sector is also a concern. Two distinctive features of the South African water sector are the policy of free basic water and the existence of water boards, which are bulk water supply agencies that operate pipelines and sell water from reservoirs to municipalities.
In May 2014, it was announced that Durban's Water and Sanitation Department won the Stockholm Industry Water Award "for its transformative and inclusive approach", calling it "one of the most progressive utilities in the world". The city has connected 1,300,000 additional people to piped water and provided 700,000 with access to toilets in fourteen years. It also was South Africa's first municipality to put free basic water for the poor into practice. Furthermore, it has promoted Rainwater harvesting and mini hydropower.[153]
Demographics
Main article: Demographics of South Africa




Migrations that formed the modern Rainbow Nation






Map of population density in South Africa




  <1 /km2
  1–3 /km2
  3–10 /km2
  10–30 /km2
  30–100 /km2



  100–300 /km2
  300–1000 /km2
  1000–3000 /km2
  >3000 /km2






South Africa is a nation of about 55,000,000 (2016 estimate) people of diverse origins, cultures, languages, and religions. The last census was held in 2011. South Africa is home to an estimated 5,000,000 illegal immigrants, including some 3,000,000 Zimbabweans.[154][155][156] A series of anti-immigrant riots occurred in South Africa beginning on 11 May 2008.[157][158]
Statistics South Africa asks people to describe themselves in the census in terms of five racial population groups.[159] The 2011 census figures for these groups were Black African at 79.2%, White at 8.9%, Coloured at 8.9%, Asian at 2.5%, and Other/Unspecified at 0.5%.[5]:21 The first census in South Africa in 1911 showed that whites made up 22% of the population; it declined to 16% in 1980.[160]
South Africa hosts a sizeable refugee and asylum seeker population. According to the World Refugee Survey 2008, published by the US Committee for Refugees and Immigrants, this population numbered approximately 144,700 people in 2007.[161] Groups of refugees and asylum seekers numbering over 10,000 included people from Zimbabwe (48,400), The Democratic Republic of the Congo (24,800), and Somalia (12,900).[161] These populations mainly lived in Johannesburg, Pretoria, Durban, Cape Town, and Port Elizabeth.[161] Many refugees have now also started to work and live in rural areas in provinces such as Mpumalanga, KwaZulu-Natal and the Eastern Cape.
Languages
Main article: Languages of South Africa




A map showing the dominant South African languages.



  Afrikaans
  English
  Ndebele
  Xhosa
  Zulu
  Northern Sotho



  Sotho
  Tswana
  Swazi
  Venda
  Tsonga
  None dominant






South Africa has eleven official languages:[162] Afrikaans, English, Ndebele, Northern Sotho, Sotho, Swazi, Tswana, Tsonga, Venda, Xhosa, and Zulu. In this regard it is third only to Bolivia and India in number. While all the languages are formally equal, some languages are spoken more than others. According to the 2011 census, the three most spoken first languages are Zulu (22.7%), Xhosa (16.0%), and Afrikaans (13.5%).[163] Despite the fact that English is recognised as the language of commerce and science, it ranked fourth, and was listed as the first language of only 9.6% of South Africans in 2011 but remains the de facto lingua franca of the nation.[163]
The country also recognises several unofficial languages, including Fanagalo, Khoe, Lobedu, Nama, Northern Ndebele, Phuthi, and South African Sign Language.[164] These unofficial languages may be used in certain official uses in limited areas where it has been determined that these languages are prevalent.
Many of the unofficial languages of the San and Khoikhoi people contain regional dialects stretching northwards into Namibia and Botswana, and elsewhere. These people, who are a physically distinct population from other Africans, have their own cultural identity based on their hunter-gatherer societies. They have been marginalised to a great extent, and the remainder of their languages are in danger of becoming extinct.
Many White South Africans also speak European languages, including Portuguese (also spoken by Black Angolans and Mozambicans), German, and Greek, while some Asians in South Africa speak Asian languages, such as Gujarati, Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, and Urdu. French is spoken in South Africa by immigrants from French-speaking parts of Africa.
Urban centres



 


v
t
e


Largest cities or towns in South Africa
2011 Census



Rank
Name
Province
Pop.


1
City of Johannesburg
Gauteng
4,434,827[165]


2
City of Cape Town
Western Cape
3,740,026[166]


3
EThekwini Metropolitan Municipality
KwaZulu-Natal
3,442,361[167]


4
Ekurhuleni
Gauteng
3,178,470[168]


5
City of Tshwane
Gauteng
2,921,488[169]


6
Nelson Mandela Bay
Eastern Cape
1,152,115[170]


7
Buffalo City Metropolitan Municipality
Eastern Cape
755,200[171]


8
Mangaung
Free State
747,431[172]


9
Emfuleni
Gauteng
721,663[173]


10
Polokwane Local Municipality
Limpopo
628,999 [174]


Religion
Main article: Religion in South Africa




Nederduits Gereformeerde Kerk in Wolmaransstad






Sangoma performing a traditional baptism in Alexandra, Johannesburg


According to the 2001 census, Christians accounted for 79.8% of the population, with a majority of them being members of various Protestant denominations (broadly defined to include syncretic African initiated churches) and a minority of Roman Catholics and other Christians. Christian category includes Zion Christian (11.1%), Pentecostal (Charismatic) (8.2%), Roman Catholic (7.1%), Methodist (6.8%), Dutch Reformed (Nederduits Gereformeerde Kerk; 6.7%), Anglican (3.8%). Members of remaining Christian churches accounted for another 36% of the population. Muslims accounted for 1.5% of the population, Hindus 1.2%, traditional African religion 0.3% and Judaism 0.2%. 15.1% had no religious affiliation, 0.6% were other and 1.4% were unspecified.[137][175][176]
African initiated churches formed the largest of the Christian groups. It was believed that many of the persons who claimed no affiliation with any organised religion adhered to traditional African religion. There are an estimated 200,000 indigenous traditional healers in South Africa, and up to 60% of South Africans consult these healers,[177] generally called sangomas or inyangas. These healers use a combination of ancestral spiritual beliefs and a belief in the spiritual and medicinal properties of local fauna and flora, commonly known as muti, to facilitate healing in clients. Many peoples have syncretic religious practices combining Christian and indigenous influences.[178]
South African Muslims comprise mainly those who are described as "Coloured" and those who are described as Indians. They have been joined by Black or White South African converts as well as others from other parts of Africa.[179] South African Muslims claim that their faith is the fastest-growing religion of conversion in the country, with the number of black Muslims growing sixfold, from 12,000 in 1991 to 74,700 in 2004.[179][180]
South Africa is also home to a substantial Jewish population, descended from European Jews who arrived as a minority among other European settlers. This population peaked in the 1970s at 120,000, though only around 67,000 remain today, the rest having emigrated. Even so, these numbers make the Jewish community in South Africa the twelfth largest in the world.[181]
Ethnic Indian Hindus form another significant portion of the population.[175]
Culture
Main article: Culture of South Africa




Decorated houses, Drakensberg


The South African black majority still has a substantial number of rural inhabitants who lead largely impoverished lives. It is among these people that cultural traditions survive most strongly; as Blacks have become increasingly urbanised and Westernised, aspects of traditional culture have declined. Members of the middle-class, who are predominantly White but whose ranks include growing numbers of Black, Coloured and Indian people,[182] have lifestyles similar in many respects to that of people found in Western Europe, North America and Australasia.
The South African Scout Association was one of the first youth organisations to open its doors to youth and adults of all races in South Africa. This happened on 2 July 1977 at a conference known as Quo Vadis.[183]
Arts




Eland, rock painting, Drakensberg


South African art includes the oldest art objects in the world, which were discovered in a South African cave, and dated from 75,000 years ago.[184] The scattered tribes of Khoisan peoples moving into South Africa from around 10,000 BC had their own fluent art styles seen today in a multitude of cave paintings. They were superseded by Bantu/Nguni peoples with their own vocabularies of art forms. New forms of art evolved in the mines and townships: a dynamic art using everything from plastic strips to bicycle spokes. The Dutch-influenced folk art of the Afrikaner Trekboers and the urban white artists earnestly following changing European traditions from the 1850s onwards also contributed to this eclectic mix, which continues to evolve today.




Olive Schreiner


South African literature emerged from a unique social and political history. One of the first well-known novels written by a Black author in an African language was Solomon Thekiso Plaatje's Mhudi, written in 1930. During the 1950s, Drum magazine became a hotbed of political satire, fiction, and essays, giving a voice to urban Black culture.
Notable White South African authors include Alan Paton, who published the acclaimed novel Cry, the Beloved Country in 1948. Nadine Gordimer became the first South African to be awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1991. Her most famous novel, July's People, was released in 1981. J.M. Coetzee won the Nobel Prize for Literature, in 2003. When awarding the prize, the Swedish Academy stated that Coetzee "in innumerable guises portrays the surprising involvement of the outsider".[185]
The plays of Athol Fugard have been regularly premiered in fringe theatres in South Africa, London (The Royal Court Theatre) and New York. Olive Schreiner's The Story of an African Farm (1883) was a revelation in Victorian literature: it is heralded by many as introducing feminism into the novel form.
Breyten Breytenbach was jailed for his involvement with the guerrilla movement against apartheid. Andre Brink was the first Afrikaner writer to be banned by the government after he released the novel A Dry White Season.
Popular culture
The South African media sector is large, and South Africa is one of Africa's major media centres. While South Africa's many broadcasters and publications reflect the diversity of the population as a whole, the most commonly used language is English. However, all ten other official languages are represented to some extent or another.
There is great diversity in South African music. Black musicians have developed a unique style called Kwaito. Kwaito is said to have taken over radio, television, and magazines.[186] Of note is Brenda Fassie, who launched to fame with her song "Weekend Special", which was sung in English. More famous traditional musicians include Ladysmith Black Mambazo, while the Soweto String Quartet performs classic music with an African flavour. South Africa has produced world-famous jazz musicians, notably Hugh Masekela, Jonas Gwangwa, Abdullah Ibrahim, Miriam Makeba, Jonathan Butler, Chris McGregor, and Sathima Bea Benjamin. Afrikaans music covers multiple genres, such as the contemporary Steve Hofmeyr, the punk rock band Fokofpolisiekar and the singer-songwriter Jeremy Loops.
Although few South African film productions are known outside South Africa itself, many foreign films have been produced about South Africa. Arguably, the most high-profile film portraying South Africa in recent years was District 9. Other notable exceptions are the film Tsotsi, which won the Academy Award for Foreign Language Film at the 78th Academy Awards in 2006 as well as U-Carmen e-Khayelitsha, which won the Golden Bear at the 2005 Berlin International Film Festival. In 2015, Oliver Hermanus' film, The Endless River, became the first South African film selected for the Venice Film Festival.
Cuisine
Main article: South African cuisine




Meat on a traditional South African braai


South African culture is diverse; foods from many cultures are enjoyed by all and especially marketed to tourists who wish to sample the large variety of South African cuisine. In addition to food, music and dance feature prominently.[citation needed]
South African cuisine is heavily meat-based and has spawned the distinctively South African social gathering known as a braai, or barbecue. South Africa has also developed into a major wine producer, with some of the best vineyards lying in valleys around Stellenbosch, Franschhoek, Paarl and Barrydale.[187]
Sports
Main article: Sport in South Africa
South Africa's most popular sports are soccer, rugby and cricket.[188] Other sports with significant support are swimming, athletics, golf, boxing, tennis, ringball, and netball. Although soccer commands the greatest following among the youth, other sports like basketball, surfing and skateboarding are increasingly popular.
Soccer players who have played for major foreign clubs include Steven Pienaar, Lucas Radebe and Philemon Masinga, Benni McCarthy, Aaron Mokoena, and Delron Buckley. South Africa, hosted the 2010 FIFA World Cup, and FIFA president Sepp Blatter awarded South Africa a grade 9 out of 10 for successfully hosting the event. The 2010 FIFA World Cup also marked the first time the competition had been hosted on the African continent.[189]




The Springboks in a bus parade after winning the 2007 Rugby World Cup


Famous boxing personalities include Baby Jake Jacob Matlala, Vuyani Bungu, Welcome Ncita, Dingaan Thobela, Gerrie Coetzee and Brian Mitchell. Durban Surfer Jordy Smith won the 2010 Billabong J-Bay competition making him the #1 ranked surfer in the world. South Africa produced Formula One motor racing's 1979 world champion Jody Scheckter. Famous current cricket players include AB de Villiers, Hashim Amla, Dale Steyn, Vernon Philander, Faf du Plessis etc. Most of them also participate in the Indian Premier League.
South Africa has also produced numerous world class rugby players, including Francois Pienaar, Joost van der Westhuizen, Danie Craven, Frik du Preez, Naas Botha and Bryan Habana. South Africa hosted and won the 1995 Rugby World Cup and won the 2007 Rugby World Cup in France. It followed the 1995 Rugby World Cup by hosting the 1996 African Cup of Nations, with the national team going on to win the tournament. It also hosted the 2003 Cricket World Cup, the 2007 World Twenty20 Championship. South Africa has also won the inaugural edition of the 1998 ICC KnockOut Trophy by defeating West Indies in the final.South Africa team also went onto win the inaugural edition of the Blind Cricket World Cup in 1998.
In 2004, the swimming team of Roland Schoeman, Lyndon Ferns, Darian Townsend and Ryk Neethling won the gold medal at the Olympic Games in Athens, simultaneously breaking the world record in the 4x100 freestyle relay. Penny Heyns won Olympic Gold in the 1996 Atlanta Olympic Games. In 2012, Oscar Pistorius became the first double amputee sprinter to compete at the Olympic Games in London. In golf, Gary Player is generally regarded as one of the greatest golfers of all time, having won the Career Grand Slam, one of five golfers to have done so. Other South African golfers to have won major tournaments include Bobby Locke, Ernie Els, Retief Goosen, Tim Clark, Trevor Immelman, Louis Oosthuizen and Charl Schwartzel.
Education
Main article: Education in South Africa




Schoolchildren in Mitchell's Plain


The adult literacy rate in 2007 was 88.7%.[190] South Africa has a 3-tier system of education starting with primary school, followed by high school and tertiary education in the form of (academic) universities and universities of technology. Learners have twelve years of formal schooling, from Grades 1-12. Grade R is a pre-primary foundation year. [191] Primary schools span the first seven years of schooling.[192] High School education spans a further five years. The Senior Certificate examination takes place at the end of Grade 12 and is necessary for tertiary studies at a South African university.[191]
Public universities in South Africa are divided into three types: traditional universities, which offer theoretically-oriented university degrees; universities of technology ("Technikons"), which offer vocational oriented diplomas and degrees; and comprehensive universities, which offer both types of qualifications. There are 23 public universities in South Africa: 11 traditional universities, 6 universities of technology and 6 comprehensive universities.
Under apartheid, schools for Blacks were subject to discrimination through inadequate funding and a separate syllabus called Bantu Education which was only designed to give them sufficient skills to work as labourers.[193] In 2004, South Africa started reforming its higher education system, merging and incorporating smaller universities into larger institutions, and renaming all higher education institutions "university" to redress these imbalances. By 2015, 1,400,000 students in higher education have benefited from a financial aid scheme which was promulgated in 1999.[194]
Public expenditure on education was at 5.4% of the 2002–05 GDP.[195]
Health
Main article: Health in South Africa




AIDS has caused a fall in life expectancy.


According to the South African Institute of Race Relations, the life expectancy in 2009 was 71 years for a White South African and 48 years for a Black South African.[196] The healthcare spending in the country is about 9% of GDP.[197]
Only 16% of the population is covered by medical schemes.[198] About 20% use private healthcare.[199] The rest pay "out of pocket" or through hospital cash plans.[199] The three dominant hospital groups, Mediclinic, Life Healthcare and Netcare, together control 75% of the market.[199] About 84% of the population depend on the public healthcare system,[197] which is beset with chronic human resource shortages and limited resources.[200]
South Africa is home to the third-largest hospital in the world, the Chris Hani Baragwanath Hospital.[201]
HIV/AIDS
Main article: HIV/AIDS in South Africa
According to the 2015 UNAIDS Report, South Africa has an estimated 7,000,000 people living with HIV– more than any other country in the world.[202] A 2008 study revealed that HIV/AIDS infection in South Africa is distinctly divided along racial lines: 13.6% of Blacks are HIV-positive, whereas only 0.3% of Whites have the disease.[203] Most deaths are experienced by economically active individuals, resulting in many AIDS orphans who in many cases depend on the state for care and financial support.[204] It is estimated that there are 1,200,000 orphaned children in South Africa.[204]
The link between HIV, a virus spread primarily by sexual contact, and AIDS was long denied by prior president Thabo Mbeki and then health minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang, who insisted that the many deaths in the country are due to malnutrition, and hence poverty, and not HIV.[205] In 2007, in response to international pressure, the government made efforts to fight AIDS.[206] After the 2009 general election, President Jacob Zuma appointed Dr Aaron Motsoaledi as the new minister and committed his government to increasing funding for and widening the scope of AIDS treatment.[207]
See also


South Africa portal







Book: South Africa





Index of South Africa-related articles
Outline of South Africa


Notes



^ The Khoi, Nama and San languages, South African Sign Language, German, Greek, Gujarati, Hindi, Portuguese, Telugu, Tamil, Urdu, Arabic, Hebrew, Sanskrit and "other languages used for religious purposes in South Africa" have a special status (Chapter 1, Article 6 of the South African Constitution).



References


^ "The Constitution". Constitutional Court of South Africa. Retrieved 3 September 2009. 
^ "Principal Agglomerations of the World". Citypopulation.de. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ Mid-year population estimates 2014. Statistics South Africa
^ a b "Mid-year population estimates 2015" (PDF). Statistics South Africa. Retrieved 11 August 2015. 
^ a b c Census 2011: Census in brief (PDF). Pretoria: Statistics South Africa. 2012. ISBN 9780621413885. Retrieved 12 January 2013. [permanent dead link]
^ a b c d e "South Africa". International Monetary Fund. Retrieved 26 April 2015. 
^ "Gini Index". World Bank. Retrieved 2 March 2011. 
^ "2015 Human Development Report" (PDF). United Nations Development Programme. 2015. Retrieved 15 December 2015. 
^ "South African Maritime Safety Authority". South African Maritime Safety Authority. Retrieved 16 June 2008. 
^ "Coastline". The World Factbook. CIA. Retrieved 16 June 2008. 
^ a b c d "South Africa Fast Facts". SouthAfrica.info. April 2007. Retrieved 14 June 2008. 
^ Guy Arnold. "Lesotho: Year In Review 1996 – Britannica Online Encyclopedia". Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Rainbow Nation – dream or reality?". BBC News. 18 July 2008. Retrieved 10 August 2013. 
^ "South Africa". World Bank. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ David Waugh (2000). "Manufacturing industries (chapter 19), World development (chapter 22)". Geography: An Integrated Approach. Nelson Thornes. pp. 563, 576–579, 633, 640. ISBN 978-0-17-444706-1. Retrieved 24 August 2013. 
^ "South Africa's Unemployment Rate Increases to 23.5%". Bloomberg. 5 May 2009. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ "HDI" (PDF). UNDP. Archived from the original (PDF) on 19 December 2008. 
^ Cooper, Andrew F; Antkiewicz, Agata; Shaw, Timothy M (10 December 2007). "Lessons from/for BRICSAM about South-North Relations at the Start of the 21st Century: Economic Size Trumps All Else?". International Studies Review. 9 (4): 675, 687. doi:10.1111/j.1468-2486.2007.00730.x. 
^ David A. Lynch (2010). Trade and Globalization: An Introduction to Regional Trade Agreements. Rowman & Littlefield. p. 51. ISBN 978-0-7425-6689-7. Retrieved 25 August 2013. Southern Africa is home to the other of sub-Saharan Africa's regional powers: South Africa. South Africa is more than just a regional power; it is currently the most developed and economically powerful country in Africa, and now it is able to use that influence in Africa more than during the days of apartheid, when it was ostracised. 
^ Livermon, Xavier (2008). "Sounds in the City". In Nuttall, Sarah; Mbembé, Achille. Johannesburg: The Elusive Metropolis. Durham: Duke University Press. p. 283. ISBN 9780822381211. Mzansi is another black urban vernacular term popular with the youth and standing for South Africa. 
^ "Mzansi DiToloki". Deaf Federation of South Africa. Archived from the original on 16 January 2014. Retrieved 15 January 2014. uMzantsi in Xhosa means 'south', Mzansi means this country, South Africa 
^ Taylor, Darren. "South African Party Says Call Their Country ‘Azania’". VOA. Retrieved 18 February 2017. 
^ Wymer, John; Singer, R (1982). The Middle Stone Age at Klasies River Mouth in South Africa. Chicago: University of Chicago Press. ISBN 0-226-76103-7. 
^ Deacon, HJ (2001). "Guide to Klasies River" (PDF). Stellenbosch University. p. 11. Retrieved 5 September 2009. 
^ "Fossil Hominid Sites of Sterkfontein, Swartkrans, Kromdraai, and Environs". 
^ Stephen P. Broker. "Hominid Evolution". Yale-New Haven Teachers Institute. Retrieved 19 June 2008. 
^ Langer, William L., ed. (1972). An Encyclopedia of World History (5th ed.). Boston, MA: Houghton Mifflin Company. p. 9. ISBN 0-395-13592-3. 
^ Domville-Fife, C.W. (1900). The encyclopedia of the British Empire the first encyclopedic record of the greatest empire in the history of the world ed. London: Rankin. p. 25. 
^ Mackenzie, W. Douglas; Stead, Alfred (1899). South Africa: Its History, Heroes, and Wars. Chicago: The Co-Operative Publishing Company. 
^ Pakeman, SA. Nations of the Modern World: Ceylon (1964 ed.). Frederick A Praeger, Publishers. pp. 18–19. ASIN B0000CM2VW. 
^ a b c Alexander Wilmot & John Centlivres Chase. History of the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope: From Its Discovery to the Year 1819 (2010 ed.). Claremont: David Philip (Pty) Ltd. pp. 1–548. ISBN 978-1144830159. 
^ Kaplan, Irving. Area Handbook for the Republic of South Africa (PDF). pp. 46–771. 
^ "African History Timeline". West Chester University of Pennsylvania. 
^ a b Hunt, John (2005). Campbell, Heather-Ann, ed. Dutch South Africa: Early Settlers at the Cape, 1652-1708. Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press. pp. 13–35. ISBN 978-1904744955. 
^ Worden, Nigel. Slavery in Dutch South Africa (2010 ed.). Cambridge University Press. pp. 40–43. ISBN 978-0521152662. 
^ a b Nelson, Harold. Zimbabwe: A Country Study. pp. 237–317. 
^ a b c d e Stapleton, Timothy (2010). A Military History of South Africa: From the Dutch-Khoi Wars to the End of Apartheid. Santa Barbara: Praeger Security International. pp. 4–6. ISBN 978-0313365898. 
^ Keegan, Timothy. Colonial South Africa and the Origins of the Racial Order (1996 ed.). David Philip Publishers (Pty) Ltd. pp. 85–86. ISBN 978-0813917351. 
^ a b c Lloyd, Trevor Owen (1997). The British Empire, 1558-1995. Oxford: Oxford University Press. pp. 201–203. ISBN 978-0198731337. 
^ "Shaka: Zulu Chieftain". Historynet.com. Archived from the original on 9 February 2008. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Shaka (Zulu chief)". Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ W. D. Rubinstein (2004). Genocide: A History. Pearson Longman. p. 22. ISBN 978-0-582-50601-5. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Williams, Garner F (1905). The Diamond Mines of South Africa, Vol II. New York: B. F Buck & Co. pp. Chapter XX. 
^ Bond, Patrick (1999). Cities of gold, townships of coal: essays on South Africa's new urban crisis. Africa World Press. p. 140. ISBN 978-0-86543-611-4. 
^ Cape of Good Hope (South Africa). Parliament House. (1906). "Report of the Select Committee on Location Act". Cape Times Limited. Retrieved 30 July 2009. 
^ Godley, Godfrey Archibald, Welsh, William Thomson, Hemsworth, H. D (1920). "Report of the Inter-departmental committee on the native pass laws". Cape Times Limited, government printers: 2. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Great Britain Colonial Office; Transvaal (Colony). Governor (1901–1905: Milner) (January 1902). "Papers relating to legislation affecting natives in the Transvaal". His Majesty's Stationery Office. 
^ De Villiers, John Abraham Jacob (1896). The Transvaal. London: Chatto & Windus. pp. 30 (n46). Retrieved 30 July 2009. 
^  Cana, Frank Richardson (1911). "South Africa". In Chisholm, Hugh. Encyclopædia Britannica. 25 (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press. p. 467. 
^ "Native Land Act". South African Institute of Race Relations. 19 June 1913. Archived from the original on 14 October 2010. 
^ Beinart, William (2001). Twentieth-century South Africa. Oxford University Press. p. 202. ISBN 978-0-19-289318-5.
^ "Hendrik Frensch Verwoerd". South African History Online. Retrieved 9 March 2013. On 5 October 1960 a referendum was held in which White voters were asked "Do you support a republic for the Union?" — 52 percent voted 'Yes'. 
^ Gibson, Nigel; Alexander, Amanda; Mngxitama, Andile (2008). Biko Lives! Contesting the Legacies of Steve Biko. Hampshire: Palgrave Macmillan. p. 138. ISBN 978-0230606494. 
^ Switzer, Les (2000). South Africa's Resistance Press: Alternative Voices in the Last Generation Under Apartheid. Issue 74 of Research in international studies: Africa series. Ohio University Press. p. 2. ISBN 9780896802131. 
^ Mitchell, Thomas (2008). Native vs Settler: Ethnic Conflict in Israel/Palestine, Northern Ireland and South Africa. Westport: Greenwood Publishing Group. pp. 194–196. ISBN 978-0313313578. 
^ Bridgland, Fred (1990). The War for Africa: Twelve months that transformed a continent. Gibraltar: Ashanti Publishing. p. 32. ISBN 978-1-874800-12-5. 
^ Landgren, Signe. Embargo Disimplemented: South Africa's Military Industry (1989 ed.). Oxford University Press. pp. 6–10. ISBN 978-0-19-829127-5. 
^ "South Africa Profile". Nti.org. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ John Pike. "Nuclear Weapons Program (South Africa)". Globalsecurity.org. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ a b c "Post-Apartheid South Africa: the First Ten Years – Unemployment and the Labor Market" (PDF). IMF. 
^ "Zuma surprised at level of white poverty — Mail & Guardian Online: The smart news source". Mail & Guardian. 18 April 2008. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ "South Africa". Human Development Report. United Nations Development Programme. 2006. Archived from the original on 29 November 2007. Retrieved 28 November 2007. 
^ "Ridicule succeeds where leadership failed on AIDS". South African Institute of Race Relations. 10 November 2006. Archived from the original on 24 May 2016. 
^ a b "Broke-on-Broke Violence". Retrieved 6 July 2011. 
^ "COHRE statement on Xenophobic Attacks". Retrieved 6 July 2011. 
^ Southern African Migration Project; Institute for Democracy in South Africa; Queen's University (2008). Jonathan Crush, ed. The perfect storm: the realities of xenophobia in contemporary South Africa (PDF). Idasa. p. 1. ISBN 978-1-920118-71-6. Archived from the original (PDF) on 30 July 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ a b c d United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. "UNHCR Global Appeal 2011 – South Africa". UNHCR. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Country Comparison". World Factbook. CIA. 
^ McCarthy, T. & Rubidge, B. (2005). The story of earth and life. p. 263, 267-268. Struik Publishers, Cape Town.
^ a b c d Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 13. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ Encyclopædia Britannica (1975); Micropaedia Vol. III, p. 655. Helen Hemingway Benton Publishers, Chicago.
^ Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 186. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ "Kruger National Park". Africa.com. Archived from the original on 18 December 2014. Retrieved 16 December 2014. 
^ Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 151. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ McCarthy, T. & Rubidge, B. (2005). The story of earth and life. p. 194. Struik Publishers, Cape Town.
^ a b Geological map of South Africa, Lesotho and Swaziland (1970). Council for Geoscience, Geological Survey of South Africa.
^ Encyclopædia Britannica (1975); Micropaedia Vol. VI, p. 750. Helen Hemingway Benton Publishers, Chicago.
^ a b Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 19. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 113. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ "South Africa's geography — SouthAfrica.info". Safrica.info. Archived from the original on 8 June 2010. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ South Africa yearbook. South African Communication Service. 1997. p. 3. 
^ "List of Parties". Retrieved 8 December 2012. 
^ a b "South Africa's National Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plan" (PDF). Retrieved 10 December 2012. 
^ "Biodiversity of the world by countries". Institutoaqualung.com.br. Archived from the original on 1 November 2010. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ Rong, I. H.; Baxter, A. P. (2006). "The South African National Collection of Fungi: Celebrating a centenary 1905-2005". Studies in Mycology. 55: 1–12. PMC 2104721 . PMID 18490968. doi:10.3114/sim.55.1.1. 
^ Crous, P. W.; Rong, I. H.; Wood, A.; Lee, S.; Glen, H.; Botha, W. l; Slippers, B.; De Beer, W. Z.; Wingfield, M. J.; Hawksworth, D. L. (2006). "How many species of fungi are there at the tip of Africa?". Studies in Mycology. 55: 13–33. PMC 2104731 . PMID 18490969. doi:10.3114/sim.55.1.13. 
^ Marincowitz, S.; Crous, P.W.; Groenewald J.Z. & Wingfield, M.J. (2008). "Microfungi occurring on Proteaceae in the fynbos. CBS Biodiversity Series 7." (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 29 July 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Marco Lambertini. "The Flora / The Richest Botany in the World". A Anturalist's Guide to the Tropics (Revised edition (May 15, 2000) ed.). University Of Chicago Press. p. 46. ISBN 978-0226468280.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Plants and Vegetation in South Africa". Southafrica-travel.net. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ Environmental Affairs (22 January 2015). "Progress in the war against poaching". Environmental Affairs. South Africa. Retrieved 22 January 2015. 
^ "South African National Biodiversity Institute". Sanbi.org. 30 September 2011. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Term Limits in Africa". The Economist. 6 April 2006. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Chapter 4 – Parliament". 19 August 2009. Archived from the original on 30 May 2013. Retrieved 3 August 2013. 
^ Abahlali baseMjondolo. "Mercury: Rethinking the crisis of local democracy". Abahlali.org. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ J. Duncan (31 May 2010). "The Return of State Repression". South African Civil Society Information Services. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Increasing police repression highlighted by recent case". Freedom of Expression Institute. 2006. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Imraan Buccus (2011). "Political tolerance on the wane in South Africa". SA Reconciliation Barometer. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "South Africa's recent performance in the Ibrahim Index of African Governance". Mo Ibrahim Foundation. Archived from the original on 18 February 2013. Retrieved 16 February 2013. 
^ "SA marriage law signed". BBC News. 30 November 2006. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Pamela Snyman & Amanda Barratt (2 October 2002). "Researching South African Law". w/ Library Resource Xchange. Archived from the original on 17 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ "How dangerous is South Africa?". BBC News. 17 May 2010. 
^ http://mg.co.za/article/2014-09-22-factsheet-south-africas-official-crime-stats-unpacked/
^ K Landman. "Gated communities in South Africa: Comparison of four case studies in Gauteng" (PDF). Wits University. Retrieved 5 March 2013. [permanent dead link]
^ "South Africa has world's largest private security industry; needs regulation – Mthethwa". DefenceWeb. Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ "Bigger than the army: South Africa's private security forces". CNN. 8 February 2013. Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ "Afrikaner Farmers Migrating to Georgia". VOA. 14 September 2011. Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ Adriana Stuijt (17 February 2009). "Two more S. African farmers killed: death toll now at 3,037". Digital Journal. Archived from the original on 20 May 2011. Retrieved 24 May 2011. 
^ "SOUTH AFRICA: One in four men rape". IRIN. 18 June 2009. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "South Africa's corrective rape". Time. 8 March 2011. Retrieved 12 July 2011. 
^ "South African rape survey shock". BBC News. 18 June 2009. Retrieved 23 May 2010. 
^ "South Africa's rape shock". BBC News. 19 January 1999. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ a b "Child rape in South Africa". Medscape. Retrieved 31 December 2010. 
^ Perry, Alex (5 November 2007). "Oprah scandal rocks South Africa". Time. Retrieved 15 May 2011. 
^ Rosalind Rosenberg (Summer 2001). "Virginia Gildersleeve: Opening the Gates (Living Legacies)". Columbia Magazine. 
^ Schlesinger, Stephen E. (2004). Act of Creation: The Founding of the United Nations: A Story of Superpowers, Secret Agents, Wartime Allies and Enemies, and Their Quest for a Peaceful World. Cambridge, Massachusetts: Westview, Perseus Books Group. pp. 236–7. ISBN 0-8133-3275-3. 
^ "China, South Africa upgrade relations to "comprehensive strategic partnership"". Capetown.china-consulate.org. 25 August 2010. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "New era as South Africa joins BRICS". Southafrica.info. 11 April 2011. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "SA brings 'unique attributes' to BRICS". Southafrica.info. 14 April 2011. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ a b "Constitution of the Republic of South Africa Act 200 of 1993 (Section 224)". South African Government. 1993. Archived from the original on 12 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ Col L B van Stade, Senior Staff Officer Rationalisation, SANDF (1997). "Rationalisation in the SANDF: The Next Challenge". Institute for Security Studies. Archived from the original on 16 March 2016. Retrieved 23 June 2008. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "Defence Act 42 of 2002" (PDF). South African Government. 12 February 2003. p. 18. Archived from the original (PDF) on 24 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ a b c Mosiuoa Lekota (5 September 2005). "Address by the Minister of Defence at a media breakfast at Defence Headquarters, Pretoria". Department of Defence. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ a b Lieutenant Colonel Roy E. Horton III (BS, Electrical Engineering; MS, Strategic Intelligence) (October 1999). "Out of (South) Africa: Pretoria's Nuclear Weapons Experience". USAF Institute for National Security Studies. Retrieved 23 June 2008. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ a b c Educational Foundation for Nuclear Science, Inc. (May 1993). "South Africa comes clean". Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists. Educational Foundation for Nuclear Science, Inc. pp. 3–4. ISSN 0096-3402. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Christine Dodson (22 October 1979). "South Atlantic Nuclear Event (National Security Council, Memorandum)" (PDF). George Washington University under Freedom of Information Act Request. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ Stats in Brief, 2010 (PDF). Pretoria: Statistics South Africa. 2010. p. 3. ISBN 978-0-621-39563-1. 
^ "Inequality in income or expenditure / Gini index, Human Development Report 2007/08". Hdrstats.undp.org. 4 November 2010. Archived from the original on 16 January 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Distribution of family income – Gini index". Cia.gov. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "South Africa has highest gap between rich and poor". Business Report. 28 September 2009. Archived from the original on 23 October 2011. Retrieved 7 November 2010. 
^ "South Africa's economy: How it could do even better.". The Economist. 22 July 2010. Retrieved 17 October 2011. 
^ "DEPWeb: Beyond Economic Growth". The World Bank Group. Retrieved 17 October 2011. 
^ a b "Economic Assessment of South Africa 2008: Achieving Accelerated and Shared Growth for South Africa". OECD. Archived from the original on 9 August 2009. 
^ "Commanding Plights." The Economist 29 August 2015: 37-38. Print.
^ "SA Economic Research – Tourism Update" (PDF). m/ Investec. October 2005. Archived from the original (PDF) on 24 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ Solomon, Hussein (1996). "Strategic Perspectives on Illegal Immigration into South Africa". African Security Review. 5 (4): 3. doi:10.1080/10246029.1996.9627681. Archived from the original on 19 October 2005. 
^ Mattes, Robert; Crush, Jonathan & Richmond, Wayne. "The Brain Gain: Skilled Migrants and Immigration Policy in Post-Apartheid South Africa". Southern African Migration Project, Queens College, Canada. Archived from the original on 25 November 2005. 
^ a b "South Africa". The World Factbook. CIA. 
^ Unequal protection the state response to violent crime on South African farms. Human Rights Watch. 2001. ISBN 1-56432-263-7. 
^ Mohamed, Najma (2000). "Greening Land and Agrarian Reform: A Case for Sustainable Agriculture". In Ben Cousins. At the Crossroads: Land and Agrarian Reform in South Africa Into the 21st Century. Programme for Land and Agrarian Studies (PLAAS). ISBN 978-1-86808-467-8. 
^ "African Countries of the Future 2013/14". fDiIntelligence.com. Retrieved 4 December 2013. 
^ Neva Makgetla (31 March 2010). "Inequality on scale found in SA bites like acid". Business Day. South Africa. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Black middle class boosts car sales in South Africa – Business – Mail & Guardian Online". Mail & Guardian. 15 January 2006. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Economic Assessment of South Africa 2008". OECD. Archived from the original on 23 April 2009. 
^ Collier, P. (3 December 2004). "World Bank, IMF study 2004". Journal of African Economies. Jae.oxfordjournals.org. 13: ii15. doi:10.1093/jae/ejh042. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ "Health Personnel in Southern Africa: Confronting maldistribution and brain drain" (PDF). Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ Haroon Bhorat; et al. (2002). "Skilled Labour Migration from Developing Countries: Study on South and Southern Africa" (PDF). International Labour Office. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "South Africa's brain-drain generation returning home". CNN World. 22 April 2009. Archived from the original on 16 December 2010. Retrieved 4 June 2011. 
^ "South Africa's brain drain reversing". Times Live. Retrieved 4 June 2011. 
^ "Graduates confident about SA". Times Live. Retrieved 4 June 2011. 
^ "SKA announces Founding Board and selects Jodrell Bank Observatory to host Project Office". SKA 2011. 2 April 2011. Retrieved 14 April 2011. 
^ "Africa and Australasia to share Square Kilometre Array". BBC. 25 May 2012. 
^ a b WHO/UNICEF:Joint Monitoring Programme for Water Supply and Sanitation:Data table South Africa Archived 9 February 2014 at the Wayback Machine., 2010. Retrieved 3 November 2012
^ ""Most progressive water utility in Africa" wins 2014Stockholm Industry Water Award". Stockholm International Water Institute (SIWI). Retrieved 8 June 2014. 
^ "Anti-immigrant violence spreads in South Africa, with attacks reported in Cape Town – The New York Times". International Herald Tribune. 23 May 2008. Archived from the original on 21 February 2009. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Escape From Mugabe: Zimbabwe's Exodus". Archived from the original on 24 January 2016. 
^ "More illegals set to flood SA". Fin24. Archived from the original on 14 February 2009. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "South African mob kills migrants". BBC. 12 May 2008. Retrieved 19 May 2008. 
^ Barry Bearak (23 May 2008). "Immigrants Fleeing Fury of South African Mobs". The New York Times. Retrieved 5 August 2008. 
^ Lehohla, Pali (5 May 2005). "Debate over race and censuses not peculiar to SA". Business Report. Archived from the original on 14 August 2007. Retrieved 25 August 2013. Others pointed out that the repeal of the Population Registration Act in 1991 removed any legal basis for specifying "race". The Identification Act of 1997 makes no mention of race. On the other hand, the Employment Equity Act speaks of "designated groups" being "black people, women and people with disabilities". The Act defines "Black" as referring to "Africans, coloureds and Indians". Apartheid and the racial identification which underpinned it explicitly linked race with differential access to resources and power. If the post-apartheid order was committed to remedying this, race would have to be included in surveys and censuses, so that progress in eradicating the consequences of apartheid could be measured and monitored. This was the reasoning that led to a "self-identifying" question about "race" or "population group" in both the 1996 and 2001 censuses, and in Statistics SA's household survey programme. 
^ Study Commission on U.S. Policy toward Southern Africa (U.S.) (1981). South Africa: time running out: the report of the Study Commission on U.S. Policy Toward Southern Africa. University of California Press. p. 42. ISBN 0-520-04547-5. 
^ a b c "World Refugee Survey 2008". U.S. Committee for Refugees and Immigrants. 19 June 2008. Archived from the original on 19 October 2014. 
^ "Constitution of South Africa, Chapter 1, Section 6". Fs.gov.za. Archived from the original on 13 November 2012. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ a b Census 2011: Census in brief (PDF). Pretoria: Statistics South Africa. 2012. pp. 23–25. ISBN 9780621413885. [permanent dead link]
^ "The languages of South Africa". SouthAfrica.info. 4 February 1997. Retrieved 7 November 2010. 
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ a b "South Africa – Section I. Religious Demography". U.S. Department of State. Retrieved 15 July 2006. 
^ Wessel Bentley; Dion Angus Forster (2008). "God's mission in our context, healing and transforming responses". Methodism in Southern Africa: A Celebration of Wesleyan Mission. AcadSA. pp. 97–98. ISBN 978-1-920212-29-2. 
^ van Wyk, Ben-Erik and van Oudtshoorn, Gericke N (1999). Medicinal Plants of South Africa. Pretoria: Briza Publications. p. 10. ISBN 978-1-875093-37-3. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "South Africa". State.gov. 15 September 2006. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ a b "In South Africa, many blacks convert to Islam / The Christian Science Monitor". The Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Muslims say their faith growing fast in Africa". Religionnewsblog.com. Retrieved 7 November 2010. 
^ Rebecca Weiner, Rebecca Weiner, ed. (2010), South African Jewish History and Information (PDF), Jewish Virtual Library, retrieved 13 August 2010 
^ "Black middle class explodes". FIN24. 22 May 2007. Archived from the original on 22 August 2007. 
^ "History of Scouting in South Africa". History of Scouting in South Africa. South African Scout Association. 2006. Retrieved 30 November 2006. 
^ Radford, Tim (16 April 2004). "World's Oldest Jewellery Found in Cave". London: Buzzle.com. Retrieved 16 April 2011. 
^ "The Nobel Prize in Literature: John Maxwell Coetzee". Swedish Academy. 2 October 2003. Retrieved 2 August 2009. 
^ "South African music after Apartheid: kwaito, the "party politic," and the appropriation of gold as a sign of success". Archived from the original on 13 June 2013. 
^ "South African Wine Guide: Stellenbosch, Constantia, Walker Bay and more". Thewinedoctor.com. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Sport in South Africa". SouthAfrica.info. Retrieved 28 June 2010. 
^ Cooper, Billy (12 July 2010). "South Africa gets 9/10 for World Cup". Mail & Guardian. Archived from the original on 15 July 2010. Retrieved 9 September 2010. 
^ "National adult literacy rates (15+), youth literacy rates (15–24) and elderly literacy rates (65+)". UNESCO Institute for Statistics. 
^ a b "A parent's guide to schooling". Retrieved 31 August 2010. 
^ "Education in South Africa". SouthAfrica.info. Archived from the original on 17 June 2010. Retrieved 20 June 2010. 
^ "Bantu Education". Overcoming Apartheid. Retrieved 20 June 2010. 
^ Cele, S'thembile; Masondo, Sipho (18 January 2015). "Shocking cost of SA’s universities". fin24.com. City Press. Retrieved 19 January 2015. 
^ "Human Development Report 2009 – South Africa". Hdrstats.undp.org. Archived from the original on 15 April 2010. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ Peoples Budget Coalition Comments on the 2011/12 Budget Archived 16 May 2012 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b "‘Clinic-in-a-Box’ seeks to improve South African healthcare". SmartPlanet. Archived from the original on 30 July 2013. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ "What does the demand for healthcare look like in SA?" (PDF). Mediclinic Southern Africa. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2 October 2013. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ a b c "Motsoaledi to reform private health care". Financial Mail. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ "South Africa". ICAP at Columbia University. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ http://www.therichest.com/rich-list/nation/the-biggest-hospitals-in-the-world/
^ "HIV and AIDS estimates (2015)". 
^ "South Africa HIV & AIDS Statistics". AVERT.org. Retrieved 6 May 2013. 
^ a b "AIDS orphans". Avert. Retrieved 8 October 2006. 
^ "Sack SA Health Minister – world's AIDS experts". afrol News. Retrieved 8 October 2006. 
^ "Situation Analysis. HIV & AIDS and STI Strategic Plan 2007–2011" (PDF). info.gov.za. Archived from the original (PDF) on 30 May 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Zuma announces AIDS reforms". UNPAN. Retrieved 9 March 2010. 


Further reading


A History of South Africa, Third Edition. Leonard Thompson. Yale University Press. 1 March 2001. 384 pages. ISBN 0-300-08776-4.
Economic Analysis and Policy Formulation for Post-Apartheid South Africa: Mission Report, Aug. 1991. International Development Research Centre. IDRC Canada, 1991. vi, 46 p. Without ISBN
Emerging Johannesburg: Perspectives on the Postapartheid City. Richard Tomlinson, et al. 1 January 2003. 336 pages. ISBN 0-415-93559-8.
Making of Modern South Africa: Conquest, Segregation and Apartheid. Nigel Worden. 1 July 2000. 194 pages. ISBN 0-631-21661-8.
South Africa: A Narrative History. Frank Welsh. Kodansha America. 1 February 1999. 606 pages. ISBN 1-56836-258-7.
South Africa in Contemporary Times. Godfrey Mwakikagile. New Africa Press. February 2008. 260 pages. ISBN 978-0-9802587-3-8.
The Atlas of Changing South Africa. A. J. Christopher. 1 October 2000. 216 pages. ISBN 0-415-21178-6.
The Politics of the New South Africa. Heather Deegan. 28 December 2000. 256 pages. ISBN 0-582-38227-0.
Twentieth-Century South Africa. William Beinart Oxford University Press 2001, 414 pages, ISBN 0-19-289318-1


External links



Wikimedia Commons has media related to South Africa.





Wikivoyage has a travel guide for South Africa.



Find more aboutSouth Africaat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Travel guide from Wikivoyage
Learning resources from Wikiversity



Government of South Africa
"South Africa". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. 
South Africa from UCB Libraries GovPubs
South Africa from the BBC News
 Wikimedia Atlas of South Africa







v
t
e


South Africa articles



History





Timeline
(years)




Early history
Cape Colony
Orange Free State
Transvaal
First Boer War
Second Boer War
Great Depression
World War II
Apartheid
Border War
Since 1994





By topic



Economic
Military








Geography







Districts
Earthquakes
Estuaries
Forests
Islands
Lakes
Mountain ranges
Municipalities
National parks
Populated places
Provinces
Rivers
Wildlife








Politics











Constitution
Courts
Elections
Foreign relations
Government
Human rights
Law
Parliament
Political parties
President






State security
and intelligence




Minister
Co-ordinating committee (NICC)
Intelligence agency (NIA)
Communications centre (NCC)
Communications security (COMSEC)
Secret Service (SASS)
Intelligence academy (SANAI)





Law enforcement



Department of Police
Police Service

Criminal intelligence (SAPS)
Special Task Force
National Intervention Unit
NFDD


Municipal Police
Independent Complaints Directorate
Department of Correctional Services
Biometrics use








Military



Department of Defence
Defence Force
Air Force
Army
Navy
Military Health Service
Special Forces
Commando System
Intelligence








Economy







Agriculture
Communications
Economic history
Energy
Foreign trade
Mining industry
Rand (currency)
Stock exchange
Taxation
Tourism
Trade unions
Transportation
Water and sanitation








Society







Crime
Education
Feminism
Health
Healthcare
Immigration
Intersex
Languages
LGBT
Racism
Religion
Sexual violence
Social movements
Xenophobia





Culture



Architecture
Art
Cinema
Cuisine
Flag
HIV/AIDS
Homelessness
Literature
Media
Music
Public holidays
Sports





Demographics



Asian

Indian
Chinese


Bantu

Ndebele
Pedi
Sotho
Swazi
Tsonga
Tswana
Venda
Xhosa
Zulu


Coloured

Cape Coloured
Cape Malay
Griqua


Khoisan
White

Afrikaner
British














Outline
Index



Category
Portal












v
t
e


Countries and territories of Africa



Sovereign states




entirely
in Africa



Algeria
Angola
Benin
Botswana
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Comoros
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Republic of the Congo
Djibouti
Egypt
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Ethiopia
Gabon
The Gambia
Ghana
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Ivory Coast (Côte d'Ivoire)
Kenya
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Madagascar
Malawi
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Niger
Nigeria
Rwanda
São Tomé and Príncipe
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Somalia
South Africa
South Sudan
Sudan
Swaziland
Tanzania
Togo
Tunisia
Uganda
Zambia
Zimbabwe





partly
in Africa



France

Mayotte
Réunion


Italy

Pantelleria
Pelagie Islands


Portugal

Madeira


Spain

Canary Islands
Ceuta
Melilla
Plazas de soberanía


Yemen

Socotra














Territories and
dependencies




Îles Éparses

France


Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha

UK


Southern Provinces (Western Sahara)1






States with limited
recognition




Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic
Somaliland






1 Unclear sovereignty.








Links to related articles











v
t
e


Group of Eight (G8) and Group of Eight + Five (G8+5)



G8 members



 Canada
 France
 Germany
 Italy
 Japan
 Russia
 United Kingdom
 United States





Representative



 European Union





G8+5



 Brazil
 China
 India
 Mexico
 South Africa





See also



Group of Six
Group of Seven
G7+1












v
t
e


G20 major economies






 Argentina
 Australia
 Brazil
 Canada
 China
 European Union
 France
 Germany
 India
 Indonesia
 Italy
 Japan
 Mexico
 Russia
 Saudi Arabia
 South Africa
 Republic of Korea
 Turkey
 United Kingdom
 United States












v
t
e


BRICS



Membership



 Brazil
 Russia
 India
 China
 South Africa





Summits



Yekaterinburg 2009
Brasília 2010
Sanya 2011
New Delhi 2012
Durban 2013
Fortaleza 2014
Ufa 2015
Goa 2016
Xiamen 2017





Bilateral relations



Brazil–China
Brazil–India
Brazil–Russia
Brazil–South Africa
China–India
China–Russia
China–South Africa
India–Russia
India–South Africa
Russia–South Africa





Leaders



 Temer
 Putin
 Modi
 Xi
 Zuma





Related



New Development Bank
BRICS Contingent Reserve Arrangement
BRICS Leaders
BRICS Cable
BRICS Universities League





BRICS U-17 Football Cup



2016 Goa












v
t
e


World Trade Organization



System



Accession and membership
Appellate Body
Dispute Settlement Body
International Trade Centre
Chronology of key events





Issues



Criticism
Doha Development Round
Singapore issues
Quota Elimination
Peace Clause





Agreements



General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
Agriculture
Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures
Technical Barriers to Trade
Trade Related Investment Measures
Trade in Services
Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights
Government Procurement
Information Technology
Marrakech Agreement
Doha Declaration
Bali Package





Ministerial
Conferences



1st (1996)
2nd (1998)
3rd (1999)
4th (2001)
5th (2003)
6th (2005)
7th (2009)
8th (2011)
9th (2013)
10th (2015)





People



Roberto Azevêdo (Director-General)
Pascal Lamy (former Director-General)
Supachai Panitchpakdi (former Director-General)
Deputy Directors-General:

Yonov Frederick Agah
Karl Brauner
David Shark
Yi Xiaozhun

former: Alejandro Jara
Valentine Rugwabiza
Harsha Singh
Rufus Yerxa









Members



Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
Angola
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belize
Benin
Bolivia
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Republic of the Congo
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Cuba
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
European Union¹
Fiji
Gabon
The Gambia
Georgia
Ghana
Grenada
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong²
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Israel
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
South Korea
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Lesotho
Liberia
Liechtenstein
Macau²
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Moldova
Mongolia
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nepal
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Qatar
Russia
Rwanda
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Suriname
Swaziland
Switzerland
Tajikistan
Taiwan³
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe


1. All twenty-eight member states of the European Union are also members of the WTO in their own right:

Austria
Belgium
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malta
Netherlands
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom


2. Special administrative regions of the People's Republic of China, participates as "Hong Kong, China" and "Macao China".
3. Officially the Republic of China, participates as "Separate Customs Territory of Taiwan, Penghu, Kinmen and Matsu", and "Chinese Taipei" in short.











v
t
e


Southern African Development Community (SADC)



Member states



Angola
Botswana
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Lesotho
Madagascar
Malawi
Mauritius
Mozambique
Namibia
Seychelles
South Africa
Swaziland
Tanzania
Zambia
Zimbabwe





Leaders




Chairpersons



Levy Mwanawasa
Kgalema Motlanthe





Secretaries-General



Kaire Mbuende
Prega Ramsamy
Tomaz Salomão








See also



Southern African Development Coordination Conference (forerunner)
Southern African Customs Union (SACU)
Common Monetary Area (CMA)
Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA)












v
t
e


African Union (AU)



History







Pan-Africanism
Casablanca Group
Monrovia Group
Abuja Treaty
Sirte Declaration
Lome Summit





Organisation of African Unity



Chairperson
Secretary General











Geography



Borders
Extreme points
Member states
Regions





Organs







Executive Council
Permanent Representatives' Committee
Specialized Technical Committees





Assembly



Chairperson





Commission



Chairperson
Deputy Chairperson
AUCC





Pan-African Parliament



Bureau
Secretariat
Gallagher Estate





African Court of Justice



African Court on Human and Peoples' Rights





ECOSOCC Committees



Peace and Security
Political Affairs
Infrastructure and Energy
Social Affairs and Health
HR, Sciences and Technology
Trade and Industry
Rural Economy and Agriculture
Economic Affairs
Women and Gender
Cross-Cutting Programs





Financial Institutions



African Central Bank
African Monetary Fund
African Investment Bank





Peace and Security Council



ACIRC
African Standby Force
Panel of the Wise
UNAMID
AMIB
AMIS
AMISOM
MISCA








Politics







APRM
Foreign relations
African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights
African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights
Enlargement





Symbols



Anthem
Emblem
Flag








Economy



Currencies
Development Bank
African Economic Community
NEPAD
African Free Trade Zone
Tripartite Free Trade Area





Culture



Africa Day
Languages





Theory



Afro
United States of Africa
United States of Latin Africa








 Category












v
t
e


Countries and territories bordering the Indian Ocean



Africa



Comoros
Djibouti
Egypt
Eritrea
France

Mayotte
Réunion


Kenya
Madagascar
Mauritius
Mozambique
Rodrigues (Mauritius)
Seychelles
Somalia
South Africa
Sudan
Tanzania
Zanzibar, Tanzania








Asia



Bahrain
Bangladesh
British Indian Ocean Territory

Chagos Archipelago - United Kingdom


Christmas Island (Australia)
Cocos (Keeling) Islands (Australia)
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Israel
Jordan
Kuwait
Malaysia
Maldives
Myanmar
Oman
Pakistan
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Sri Lanka
Thailand
Timor-Leste
United Arab Emirates
Yemen





Other



Antarctica

Australian Antarctic Territory
French Southern and Antarctic Lands
Heard Island and McDonald Islands


Australia












v
t
e


Peri-Antarctic countries and overseas territories






Argentina
Australia

Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Macquarie Island


Bouvet Island
Chile
Falkland Islands
French Southern and Antarctic Lands

Kerguelen Islands


New Zealand

New Zealand Subantarctic Islands


South Africa

Prince Edward Islands


South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands









"Peri-Antarctic" (meaning "close to the Antarctic") does not include territorial claims in Antarctica itself.










v
t
e


Members of the Commonwealth of Nations



Sovereign states
(Members)



Antigua and Barbuda
Australia
Bahamas
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belize
Botswana
Brunei
Cameroon
Canada
Cyprus
Dominica
Fiji
Ghana
Grenada
Guyana
India
Jamaica
Kenya
Kiribati
Lesotho
Malawi
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mozambique
Namibia
Nauru
New Zealand
Nigeria
Pakistan
Papua New Guinea
Rwanda
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Swaziland
Tanzania
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tuvalu
Uganda
United Kingdom
Vanuatu
Zambia





Dependencies
of Members




Australia



Ashmore and Cartier Islands
Australian Antarctic Territory
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Coral Sea Islands
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Norfolk Island





New Zealand



Cook Islands
Niue
Ross Dependency
Tokelau





United Kingdom



Akrotiri and Dhekelia
Anguilla
Bermuda
British Antarctic Territory
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Cayman Islands
Falkland Islands
Gibraltar
Guernsey
Isle of Man
Jersey
Montserrat
Pitcairn Islands
St. Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Turks and Caicos Islands









Source: Commonwealth Secretariat - Member States










v
t
e


English-speaking world






Click on a coloured area to see an article about English in that country or region






































































Further links







Articles



English-speaking world
History of the English language
British Empire
English in the Commonwealth of Nations





Lists



List of countries by English-speaking population
List of countries where English is an official language









 







Countries and territories where English is the national language or the native language of the majority





Africa



Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha





Americas



Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
The Bahamas
Barbados
Belize
Bermuda
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Dominica
Falkland Islands
Grenada
Guyana
Jamaica
Montserrat
Saba
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Sint Eustatius
Sint Maarten
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Trinidad and Tobago
Turks and Caicos Islands
United States
United States Virgin Islands





Europe



Guernsey
Ireland
Isle of Man
Jersey
United Kingdom





Oceania



Australia
New Zealand
Norfolk Island
Pitcairn Islands








 







Countries and territories where English is an official language, but not the majority first language





Africa



Botswana
Cameroon
The Gambia
Ghana
Kenya
Lesotho
Liberia
Malawi
Mauritius
Namibia
Nigeria
Rwanda
Sierra Leone
Somaliland
South Africa
South Sudan
Sudan
Swaziland
Tanzania
Uganda
Zambia
Zimbabwe





Americas



Puerto Rico





Asia



Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
India
Pakistan
Philippines
Singapore





Europe



Gibraltar
Malta





Oceania



American Samoa
Cook Islands
Fiji
Guam
Kiribati
Marshall Islands
Micronesia
Nauru
Niue
Northern Mariana Islands
Palau
Papua New Guinea
Samoa
Solomon Islands
Tokelau
Tuvalu
Vanuatu












Dependencies shown in italics.















Coordinates: 30°S 25°E﻿ / ﻿30°S 25°E﻿ / -30; 25



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 159069376
LCCN: n79023005
ISNI: 0000 0001 2167 3042
GND: 4078012-0
SUDOC: 028016009
BNF: cb11993638s (data)
NLA: 35513495
NDL: 00567657










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=South_Africa&oldid=792672918"					
Categories: South AfricaSouthern African countriesEnglish-speaking countries and territoriesG20 nationsLiberal democraciesMember states of the African UnionMember states of the Commonwealth of NationsMember states of the United NationsStates and territories established in 1910Commonwealth republicsAfrikaans-speaking countries and territoriesBantu countries and territoriesBRICS nationsCountries in AfricaHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksCS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listWikipedia articles incorporating a citation from the 1911 Encyclopaedia Britannica with Wikisource referencePages using citations with accessdate and no URLArticles with dead external links from June 2017Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia pages semi-protected against vandalismWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesUse dmy dates from March 2017Use South African English from September 2013All Wikipedia articles written in South African EnglishArticles containing Afrikaans-language textArticles containing non-English-language textArticles containing Sotho-language textArticles containing Southern Ndebele-language textArticles containing Swati-language textArticles containing Tsonga-language textArticles containing Tswana-language textArticles containing Venda-language textArticles containing Xhosa-language textArticles containing Zulu-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2013All articles with failed verificationArticles with failed verification from October 2011Wikipedia articles needing clarification from October 2011Pages using columns with the default column widthArticles with unsourced statements from May 2010Use South African English from July 2013Coordinates on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikinewsWikiquoteWikivoyage 



Languages


AcèhАдыгэбзэАдыгабзэAfrikaansAkanAlemannischአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةAragonésArpetanAsturianuAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaتۆرکجهBamanankanবাংলাBahasa BanjarBân-lâm-gúБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎भोजपुरीBikol CentralБългарскиBoarischབོད་ཡིགBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàЧӑвашлаCebuanoČeštinaChi-ChewaChiShonaCymraegDanskDeitschDeutschދިވެހިބަސްDiné bizaadDolnoserbskiཇོང་ཁEestiΕλληνικάEmiliàn e rumagnòlEspañolEsperantoEstremeñuEuskaraEʋegbeفارسیFiji HindiFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGagauzGàidhligGalego贛語Gĩkũyũગુજરાતીगोंयची कोंकणी / Gõychi Konknni客家語/Hak-kâ-ngîХальмг한국어HausaՀայերենहिन्दीHornjoserbsceHrvatskiIdoIgboIlokanoবিষ্ণুপ্রিয়া মণিপুরীBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueИронIsiXhosaIsiZuluÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡKapampanganКъарачай-малкъарქართულიकॉशुर / کٲشُرҚазақшаKernowekKinyarwandaKiswahiliКомиKongoKreyòl ayisyenKurdîКыргызчаLadinoЛезгиلۊری شومالیLatgaļuLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLimburgsLingálaLivvinkarjalaLa .lojban.LugandaLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMaltiMāoriमराठीმარგალურიمصرىمازِرونیBahasa MelayuBaso MinangkabauMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄MirandésМокшеньМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNāhuatlDorerin NaoeroNederlandsNedersaksiesनेपालीनेपाल भाषा日本語НохчийнNordfriiskNorfuk / PitkernNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskNouormandNovialOccitanଓଡ଼ିଆOromooOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀपालिپنجابیPapiamentuپښتوPatoisភាសាខ្មែរPiemontèisTok PisinPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsQaraqalpaqshaQırımtatarcaReo tahitiRipoarischRomânăRumantschRuna SimiРусиньскыйРусскийСаха тылаSámegiellaसंस्कृतम्SängöSarduScotsSeelterskSesothoSesotho sa LeboaSetswanaShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishسنڌيSiSwatiSlovenčinaSlovenščinaŚlůnskiSoomaaligaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitTarandíneТатарча/tatarçaతెలుగుไทยትግርኛТоҷикӣTsetsêhestâheseTshivendaತುಳುTürkçeTürkmençeУкраїнськаاردوئۇيغۇرچە / UyghurcheVahcuenghVènetoVepsän kel’Tiếng ViệtVolapükVõroWalon文言West-VlamsWinarayWolof吴语XitsongaייִדישYorùbá粵語ZazakiZeêuwsŽemaitėška中文डोटेलीKabɩyɛ 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 27 July 2017, at 22:30.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









South Africa - Wikipedia




















 







South Africa

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the modern country. For other uses, see South Africa (disambiguation).





Republic of South Africa

10 other official names:[1]
Republiek van Suid-Afrika  (Afrikaans)
Repabliki ya Afrika-Borwa  (Northern Sotho)
Rephaboliki ya Afrika Borwa  (Sotho)
iRiphabliki yeSewula Afrika  (Southern Ndebele)
iRiphabhulikhi yeNingizimu Afrika  (Swati)
Riphabliki ra Afrika Dzonga  (Tsonga)
Rephaboliki ya Aforika Borwa  (Tswana)
Riphabuḽiki ya Afurika Tshipembe  (Venda)
iRiphabliki yomZantsi Afrika  (Xhosa)
iRiphabhuliki yaseNingizimu Afrika  (Zulu)










Flag



Coat of arms






Motto: "!ke e: ǀxarra ǁke" (ǀXam)
"Unity in Diversity"




Anthem: National anthem of South Africa

















Location of  South Africa  (dark blue)
in the African Union  (light blue)








Capital



Pretoria (executive)
Bloemfontein (judicial)
Cape Town (legislative)





Largest city
Johannesburg[2]


Official languages

[Note 1]

11 languages

Afrikaans
Northern Sotho
English
Southern Ndebele
Southern Sotho
Swazi
Tsonga
Tswana
Venda
Xhosa
Zulu





Ethnic groups (2014[3])



80.2% Black
8.8% Coloured
8.4% White
2.5% Asian





Religion
See Religion in South Africa


Demonym
South African


Government
Unitary parliamentary constitutional republic



• President

Jacob Zuma



• Deputy President

Cyril Ramaphosa


Legislature
Parliament



• Upper house

National Council



• Lower house

National Assembly


Independence from the United Kingdom



• Union

31 May 1910



• Self-governance

11 December 1931



• Republic

31 May 1961



• Current constitution

4 February 1997


Area



• Total

1,221,037 km2 (471,445 sq mi) (24th)



• Water (%)

negligible


Population



• 2015 estimate

54,956,900[4] (25th)



• 2011 census

51,770,560[5]:18



• Density

42.4/km2 (109.8/sq mi) (169th)


GDP (PPP)
2016 estimate



• Total

$742.461 billion[6] (30th)



• Per capita

$13,321[6] (90th)


GDP (nominal)
2016 estimate



• Total

$326.541 billion[6] (35th)



• Per capita

$5,859[6] (88th)


Gini (2009)
63.1[7]
very high


HDI (2014)
 0.666[8]
medium · 116th


Currency
South African rand (ZAR)


Time zone
SAST (UTC+2)


Drives on the
left


Calling code
+27


ISO 3166 code
ZA


Internet TLD
.za


South Africa, officially the Republic of South Africa (RSA), is the southernmost country in Africa. It is bounded on the south by 2,798 kilometres (1,739 mi) of coastline of Southern Africa stretching along the South Atlantic and Indian Oceans;[9][10][11] on the north by the neighbouring countries of Namibia, Botswana, and Zimbabwe; and on the east and northeast by Mozambique and Swaziland; and surrounds the kingdom of Lesotho.[12] South Africa is the 25th-largest country in the world by land area, and with close to 56,000,000 people, is the world's 24th-most populous nation. It is the southernmost country on the mainland of the Old World or the Eastern Hemisphere. About 80% of South Africans are of Sub-Saharan African ancestry,[5] divided among a variety of ethnic groups speaking different Bantu languages, nine of which have official status.[11] The remaining population consists of Africa's largest communities of European (white), Asian (Indian), and multiracial (coloured) ancestry.
South Africa is a multiethnic society encompassing a wide variety of cultures, languages, and religions. Its pluralistic makeup is reflected in the constitution's recognition of eleven official languages, which is among the highest number of any country in the world.[11] Two of these languages are of European origin: Afrikaans developed from Dutch and serves as the first language of most white and coloured South Africans; English reflects the legacy of British colonialism, and is commonly used in public and commercial life, though it is fourth-ranked as a spoken first language.[11] The country is one of the few in Africa never to have had a coup d'état, and regular elections have been held for almost a century. However, the vast majority of Black South Africans were not enfranchised until 1994. During the twentieth century, the Black majority sought to recover its rights from the dominant White minority, with this struggle playing a large role in the country's recent history and politics. The National Party imposed the apartheid system in 1948, institutionalising previous racial segregation. After a long and sometimes violent struggle by the African National Congress and other anti-apartheid activists both inside and outside the country, discriminatory laws began to be repealed or abolished from 1990 onwards.
Since 1994, all ethnic and linguistic groups have held political representation in the country's democracy, which comprises a parliamentary republic and nine provinces. South Africa is often referred to as the "Rainbow Nation" to describe the country's multicultural diversity, especially in the wake of apartheid.[13] The World Bank classifies South Africa as an upper-middle-income economy, and a newly industrialised country.[14][15] Its economy is the second-largest in Africa, and the 34th-largest in the world.[6] In terms of purchasing power parity, South Africa has the seventh-highest per capita income in Africa. However, poverty and inequality remain widespread, with about a quarter of the population unemployed and living on less than US$1.25 a day.[16][17] Nevertheless, South Africa has been identified as a middle power in international affairs, and maintains significant regional influence.[18][19]



Contents


1 Name
2 History

2.1 Prehistoric finds
2.2 Bantu expansion
2.3 Portuguese contacts
2.4 Dutch colonisation
2.5 British colonisation

2.5.1 Independence
2.5.2 Beginning of apartheid


2.6 Republic

2.6.1 End of apartheid




3 Geography

3.1 Climate
3.2 Biodiversity

3.2.1 Animals
3.2.2 Fungi
3.2.3 Plants


3.3 Conservation issues


4 Politics and government

4.1 Law
4.2 Foreign relations
4.3 Military
4.4 Administrative divisions


5 Economy

5.1 Labour market
5.2 Science and technology
5.3 Water supply and sanitation


6 Demographics

6.1 Languages
6.2 Urban centres
6.3 Religion


7 Culture

7.1 Arts
7.2 Popular culture
7.3 Cuisine
7.4 Sports


8 Education
9 Health

9.1 HIV/AIDS


10 See also
11 Notes
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Name
See also: Official names of South Africa
The name "South Africa" is derived from the country's geographic location at the southern tip of Africa. Upon formation the country was named the Union of South Africa in English, reflecting its origin from the unification of four formerly separate British colonies. Since 1961 the long form name in English has been the "Republic of South Africa". In Dutch the country was named Republiek van Zuid-Afrika, replaced in 1983 by the Afrikaans Republiek van Suid-Afrika. Since 1994 the Republic has had an official name in each of its 11 official languages.
Mzansi, derived from the Xhosa noun umzantsi meaning "south", is a colloquial name for South Africa,[20][21] while some Pan-Africanist political parties prefer the term "Azania".[22]
History
Main article: History of South Africa
Prehistoric finds
South Africa contains some of the oldest archaeological and human fossil sites in the world.[23][24][25] Extensive fossil remains have been recovered from a series of caves in Gauteng Province. The area is a UNESCO World Heritage site and has been termed the Cradle of Humankind. The sites include Sterkfontein, which is one of the richest hominin fossil sites in the world. Other sites include Swartkrans, Gondolin Cave Kromdraai, Coopers Cave and Malapa. The first hominin fossil discovered in Africa, the Taung Child was found near Taung in 1924. Further hominin remains have been recovered from the sites of Makapansgat in Limpopo, Cornelia and Florisbad in the Free State, Border Cave in KwaZulu-Natal, Klasies River Mouth in eastern Cape and Pinnacle Point, Elandsfontein and Die Kelders Cave in Western Cape. These sites suggest that various hominid species existed in South Africa from about three million years ago starting with Australopithecus africanus.[26] These were succeeded by various species, including Australopithecus sediba, Homo ergaster, Homo erectus, Homo rhodesiensis, Homo helmei, Homo naledi and modern humans, Homo sapiens. Modern humans have inhabited Southern Africa for at least 170,000 years.
Within the Vaal River valley, pebble tools have been located.[27]
Bantu expansion




Mapungubwe Hill, the site of the former capital of the Kingdom of Mapungubwe


Settlements of Bantu-speaking peoples, who were iron-using agriculturists and herdsmen, were already present south of the Limpopo River (now the northern border with Botswana and Zimbabwe) by the 4th or 5th century CE. (See Bantu expansion.) They displaced, conquered and absorbed the original Khoisan speakers, the Khoikhoi and San peoples. The Bantu slowly moved south. The earliest ironworks in modern-day KwaZulu-Natal Province are believed to date from around 1050. The southernmost group was the Xhosa people, whose language incorporates certain linguistic traits from the earlier Khoisan people. The Xhosa reached the Great Fish River, in today's Eastern Cape Province. As they migrated, these larger Iron Age populations displaced or assimilated earlier peoples. In Mpumalanga, several stone circles have been found along with the stone arrangement that has been named Adam's Calendar.
Portuguese contacts
At the time of European contact, the dominant ethnic group were Bantu-speaking peoples who had migrated from other parts of Africa about one thousand years before. The two major historic groups were the Xhosa and Zulu peoples.
In 1487, the Portuguese explorer Bartolomeu Dias led the first European voyage to land in southern Africa.[28] On 4 December, he landed at Walfisch Bay (now known as Walvis Bay in present-day Namibia). This was south of the furthest point reached in 1485 by his predecessor, the Portuguese navigator Diogo Cão (Cape Cross, north of the bay). Dias continued down the western coast of southern Africa. After 8 January 1488, prevented by storms from proceeding along the coast, he sailed out of sight of land and passed the southernmost point of Africa without seeing it. He reached as far up the eastern coast of Africa as, what he called, Rio do Infante, probably the present-day Groot River, in May 1488, but on his return he saw the Cape, which he first named Cabo das Tormentas (Cape of Storms). His King, John II, renamed the point Cabo da Boa Esperança, or Cape of Good Hope, as it led to the riches of the East Indies.[29] Dias' feat of navigation was later immortalised in Luís de Camões' Portuguese epic poem, The Lusiads (1572).
Dutch colonisation
See also: History of Cape Colony and Dutch Cape Colony




Charles Davidson Bell's 19th-century painting of Jan van Riebeeck, who founded the first European settlement in South Africa, arrives in Table Bay in 1652.


By the early 17th century, Portugal's maritime power was starting to decline, and English and Dutch merchants competed to oust Lisbon from its lucrative monopoly on the spice trade.[30] Representatives of the British East India Company did call sporadically at the Cape in search of provisions as early as 1601, but later came to favour Ascension Island and St. Helena as alternative ports of refuge.[31] Dutch interest was aroused after 1647, when two employees of the Dutch East India Company (VOC) were shipwrecked there for several months. The sailors were able to survive by obtaining fresh water and meat from the natives.[31] They also sowed vegetables in the fertile soil.[32] Upon their return to Holland they reported favourably on the Cape's potential as a "warehouse and garden" for provisions to stock passing ships for long voyages.[31]
In 1652, a century and a half after the discovery of the Cape sea route, Jan van Riebeeck established a victualing station at the Cape of Good Hope, at what would become Cape Town, on behalf of the Dutch East India Company.[33][34] In time, the Cape become home to a large population of "vrijlieden", also known as "vrijburgers" (free citizens), former Company employees who stayed in Dutch territories overseas after serving their contracts.[34] Dutch traders also imported thousands of slaves to the fledgling colony from Indonesia, Madagascar, and parts of eastern Africa.[35] Some of the earliest mixed race communities in the country were later formed through unions between vrijburgers, their slaves, and various indigenous peoples.[36] This led to the development of a new ethnic group, the Cape Coloureds, most of whom adopted the Dutch language and Christian faith.[36]
The eastward expansion of Dutch colonists ushered in a series of wars with the southwesterly migrating Xhosa tribe, as both sides competed for the pastureland necessary to graze their cattle near the Great Fish River.[37] Vrijburgers who became independent farmers on the frontier were known as Boers, with some adopting semi-nomadic lifestyles being denoted as trekboers.[37] The Boers formed loose militias, which they termed commandos, and forged alliances with Khoisan groups to repel Xhosa raids.[37] Both sides launched bloody but inconclusive offensives, and sporadic violence, often accompanied by livestock theft, remained common for several decades.[37]
British colonisation
Great Britain occupied Cape Town between 1795 and 1803 to prevent it from falling under the control of the French First Republic, which had invaded the Low Countries.[37] Despite briefly returning to Dutch rule under the Batavian Republic in 1803, the Cape was occupied again by the British in 1806.[38] Following the end of the Napoleonic Wars, it was formally ceded to Great Britain and became an integral part of the British Empire.[39] British immigration to South Africa began around 1818, subsequently culminating in the arrival of the 1820 Settlers.[39] The new colonists were induced to settle for a variety of reasons, namely to increase the size of the European workforce and to bolster frontier regions against Xhosa incursions.[39]




Depiction of a Zulu attack on a Boer camp in February 1838


In the first two decades of the 19th century, the Zulu people grew in power and expanded their territory under their leader, Shaka.[40] Shaka's warfare led indirectly to the Mfecane ("crushing") that devastated and depopulated the inland plateau in the early 1820s.[41][42] An offshoot of the Zulu, the Matabele people created a larger empire that included large parts of the highveld under their king Mzilikazi.
During the early 1800s, many Dutch settlers departed from the Cape Colony, where they had been subjected to British control. They migrated to the future Natal, Orange Free State, and Transvaal regions. The Boers founded the Boer Republics: the South African Republic (now Gauteng, Limpopo, Mpumalanga and North West provinces) and the Orange Free State (Free State).
The discovery of diamonds in 1867 and gold in 1884 in the interior started the Mineral Revolution and increased economic growth and immigration. This intensified British efforts to gain control over the indigenous peoples. The struggle to control these important economic resources was a factor in relations between Europeans and the indigenous population and also between the Boers and the British.[43]
The Anglo-Zulu War was fought in 1879 between the British Empire and the Zulu Kingdom. Following Lord Carnarvon's successful introduction of federation in Canada, it was thought that similar political effort, coupled with military campaigns, might succeed with the African kingdoms, tribal areas and Boer republics in South Africa. In 1874, Sir Henry Bartle Frere was sent to South Africa as High Commissioner for the British Empire to bring such plans into being. Among the obstacles were the presence of the independent states of the South African Republic and the Kingdom of Zululand and its army. The Zulu nation spectacularly defeated the British at the Battle of Isandlwana. Eventually though the war was lost resulting in the end of the Zulu nation's independence.




Boers in combat (1881)


The Boer Republics successfully resisted British encroachments during the First Boer War (1880–1881) using guerrilla warfare tactics, which were well suited to local conditions. The British returned with greater numbers, more experience, and new strategy in the Second Boer War (1899–1902) but suffered heavy casualties through attrition; nonetheless, they were ultimately successful.
Independence
Within the country, anti-British policies among white South Africans focused on independence. During the Dutch and British colonial years, racial segregation was mostly informal, though some legislation was enacted to control the settlement and movement of native people, including the Native Location Act of 1879 and the system of pass laws.[44][45][46][47][48]
Eight years after the end of the Second Boer War and after four years of negotiation, an act of the British Parliament (South Africa Act 1909) granted nominal independence, while creating the Union of South Africa on 31 May 1910. The Union was a dominion that included the former territories of the Cape and Natal colonies, as well as the republics of Orange Free State and Transvaal.[49]
The Natives' Land Act of 1913 severely restricted the ownership of land by blacks; at that stage natives controlled only 7% of the country. The amount of land reserved for indigenous peoples was later marginally increased.[50]
In 1931 the union was fully sovereign from the United Kingdom with the passage of the Statute of Westminster, which abolished the last powers of the British Government on the country. In 1934, the South African Party and National Party merged to form the United Party, seeking reconciliation between Afrikaners and English-speaking "Whites". In 1939 the party split over the entry of the Union into World War II as an ally of the United Kingdom, a move which the National Party followers strongly opposed.
Beginning of apartheid




"For use by white persons" – apartheid sign


In 1948, the National Party was elected to power. It strengthened the racial segregation begun under Dutch and British colonial rule. The Nationalist Government classified all peoples into three races and developed rights and limitations for each. The white minority (less than 20%[51]) controlled the vastly larger black majority. The legally institutionalised segregation became known as apartheid. While whites enjoyed the highest standard of living in all of Africa, comparable to First World Western nations, the black majority remained disadvantaged by almost every standard, including income, education, housing, and life expectancy. The Freedom Charter, adopted in 1955 by the Congress Alliance, demanded a non-racial society and an end to discrimination.
Republic
On 31 May 1961, the country became a republic following a referendum in which white voters narrowly voted in favour thereof (the British-dominated Natal province rallied against the issue).[52] Queen Elizabeth II was stripped of the title Queen of South Africa, and the last Governor-General, namely Charles Robberts Swart, became State President. As a concession to the Westminster system, the presidency remained parliamentary appointed and virtually powerless until P. W. Botha's Constitution Act of 1983, which (intact in these regards) eliminated the office of Prime Minister and instated a near-unique "strong presidency" responsible to parliament. Pressured by other Commonwealth of Nations countries, South Africa withdrew from the organisation in 1961, and rejoined it only in 1994.
Despite opposition both within and outside the country, the government legislated for a continuation of apartheid. The security forces cracked down on internal dissent, and violence became widespread, with anti-apartheid organisations such as the African National Congress, the Azanian People's Organisation, and the Pan-Africanist Congress carrying out guerrilla warfare[53] and urban sabotage.[54] The three rival resistance movements also engaged in occasional inter-factional clashes as they jockeyed for domestic influence.[55] Apartheid became increasingly controversial, and several countries began to boycott business with the South African government because of its racial policies. These measures were later extended to international sanctions and the divestment of holdings by foreign investors.[56][57]




F. W. de Klerk and Nelson Mandela shake hands in January 1992


In the late 1970s, South Africa initiated a programme of nuclear weapons development. In the following decade, it produced six deliverable nuclear weapons.[58][59]
End of apartheid
The Mahlabatini Declaration of Faith, signed by Mangosuthu Buthelezi and Harry Schwarz in 1974, enshrined the principles of peaceful transition of power and equality for all, the first of such agreements by black and white political leaders in South Africa. Ultimately, F. W. de Klerk opened bilateral discussions with Nelson Mandela in 1993 for a transition of policies and government.
In 1990 the National Party government took the first step towards dismantling discrimination when it lifted the ban on the African National Congress and other political organisations. It released Nelson Mandela from prison after twenty-seven years' serving a sentence for sabotage. A negotiation process followed. With approval from a predominantly white referendum, the government repealed apartheid legislation. South Africa also destroyed its nuclear arsenal and acceded to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty. South Africa held its first universal elections in 1994, which the ANC won by an overwhelming majority. It has been in power ever since. The country rejoined the Commonwealth of Nations and became a member of the Southern African Development Community (SADC).




Nelson Mandela, first black African President of Republic of South Africa


In post-apartheid South Africa, unemployment has been extremely high as the country has struggled with many changes. While many blacks have risen to middle or upper classes, the overall unemployment rate of blacks worsened between 1994 and 2003.[60] Poverty among whites, previously rare, increased.[61] In addition, the current government has struggled to achieve the monetary and fiscal discipline to ensure both redistribution of wealth and economic growth. Since the ANC-led government took power, the United Nations Human Development Index of South Africa has fallen, while it was steadily rising until the mid-1990s.[62] Some may be attributed to the HIV/AIDS pandemic, and the failure of the government to take steps to address it in the early years.[63]
In May 2008, riots left over sixty people dead.[64] The Centre on Housing Rights and Evictions estimates over 100,000 people were driven from their homes.[65] The targets were mainly migrants and refugees seeking asylum, but a third of the victims were South African citizens.[64] In a 2006 survey, the South African Migration Project concluded that South Africans are more opposed to immigration than anywhere else in the world.[66] The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in 2008 reported over 200,000 refugees applied for asylum in South Africa, almost four times as many as the year before.[67] These people were mainly from Zimbabwe, though many also come from Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Rwanda, Eritrea, Ethiopia and Somalia.[67] Competition over jobs, business opportunities, public services and housing has led to tension between refugees and host communities.[67] While xenophobia is still a problem, recent violence has not been as widespread as initially feared.[67]
Geography
Main article: Geography of South Africa




A map of South Africa showing the main topographic features: the Central Plateau edged by the Great Escarpment, and the Cape Fold Belt in the south-west corner of the country






Important geographical regions in South Africa. The thick line traces the course of the Great Escarpment which edges the central plateau. The eastern portion of this line, coloured red, is known as the Drakensberg. The Escarpment rises to its highest point, at over 3000 m, where the Drakensberg forms the border between KwaZulu-Natal and Lesotho. None of the regions indicated on the map has a sharp well-defined border, except where the Escarpment, or a range of mountains forms a clear dividing line between two regions. Some of the better known regions are coloured in; the others are simply indicated by their names, as they would be in an atlas.


South Africa is located at the southernmost region of Africa, with a long coastline that stretches more than 2,500 km (1,553 mi) and along two oceans (the South Atlantic and the Indian). At 1,219,912 km2 (471,011 sq mi),[68] South Africa is the 25th-largest country in the world and is comparable in size to Colombia. Mafadi in the Drakensberg at 3,450 m (11,320 ft) is the highest peak in South Africa. Excluding the Prince Edward Islands, the country lies between latitudes 22° and 35°S, and longitudes 16° and 33°E.
The interior of South Africa consists of a vast, in most places almost flat, plateau with an altitude of between 1,000 m (3,300 ft) and 2,100 m (6,900 ft), highest in the east and sloping gently downwards towards the west and north, and slightly less noticeably so to the south and south-west.[69] This plateau is surrounded by the Great Escarpment[70] whose eastern, and highest, stretch is known as the Drakensberg.[71]
The south and south-western parts of the plateau (at approximately 1100–1800 m above sea level), and the adjoining plain below (at approximately 700–800 m above sea level – see map on the right) is known as the Great Karoo, which consists of sparsely populated scrubland. To the north the Great Karoo fades into the even drier and more arid Bushmanland, which eventually becomes the Kalahari desert in the very north-west of the country. The mid-eastern, and highest part of the plateau is known as the Highveld. This relatively well-watered area is home to a great proportion of the country’s commercial farmlands, and contains its largest conurbation (Gauteng Province). To the north of Highveld, from about the 25° 30' S line of latitude, the plateau slopes downwards into the Bushveld, which ultimately gives way to the Limpopo lowlands or Lowveld.[70]




Flat topped hills (called Karoo Koppies) are highly characteristic of the southern and southwestern Karoo landscape. These hills are capped by hard, erosion resistant dolerite sills. This is solidified lava that was forced under high pressure between the horizontal strata of the sedimentary rocks that make up most of the Karoo’s geology about 180 million years ago. Since then Southern Africa has undergone a prolonged period of erosion removing the relatively soft Karoo rocks, except where they are protected by a cap of dolerite. This photograph was taken near Cradock in the Eastern Cape.


The coastal belt, below the Great Escarpment, moving clockwise from the northeast, consists of the Limpopo Lowveld, which merges into the Mpumalanga Lowveld, below the Mpumalanga Drakensberg (the eastern portion of the Great Escarpment).[72] This is hotter, drier and less intensely cultivated than the Highveld above the escarpment.[70] The Kruger National Park, located in the provinces of Limpopo and Mpumalanga in northeastern South Africa, occupies a large portion of the Lowveld covering 19,633 square kilometres (7,580 sq mi.) [73] South of the Lowveld the annual rainfall increases as one enters KwaZulu-Natal Province, which, especially near the coast, is subtropically hot and humid. The KwaZulu-Natal – Lesotho international border is formed by the highest portion of the Great Escarpment, or Drakensberg, which reaches an altitude of over 3,000 m (9,800 ft).[74] The climate at the foot of this part of the Drakensberg is temperate.




Drakensberg, the eastern and highest portion of the Great Escarpment which surrounds the east, south and western borders of the central plateau of Southern Africa


The coastal belt below the south and south-western stretches of the Great Escarpment contains several ranges of Cape Fold Mountains which run parallel to the coast, separating the Great Escarpment from the ocean.[75][76] (These parallel ranges of fold mountains are shown on the map, above left. Note the course of the Great Escarpment to the north of these mountain ranges.) The land (at approximately 400–500 m above sea level) between two of these ranges of fold mountains in the south (i.e. between the Outeniqua and Langeberg ranges to the south and the Swartberg range to the north) is known as the Little Karoo,[70] which consists of semi-desert scrubland similar to that of the Great Karoo, except that its northern strip along the foothills of the Swartberg Mountains, has a somewhat higher rainfall and is therefore more cultivated than the Great Karoo. The Little Karoo is historically, and still, famous for its ostrich farming around the town of Oudtshoorn. The lowland area (700–800 m above sea level) to the north of the Swartberg mountain range up to the Great Escarpment is the lowland part of the Great Karoo (see map at top right), which is climatically and botanically almost indistinguishable from the Karoo above the Great Escarpment. The narrow coastal strip between the most seaward Cape Fold Mountain range (i.e., the Langeberg–Outeniqua mountains) and the ocean has a moderately high year-round rainfall, especially in the George-Knysna-Plettenberg Bay region, which is known as the Garden Route. It is famous for the most extensive areas of indigenous forests in South Africa (a generally forest-poor country).
In the south-west corner of the country the Cape Peninsula forms the southernmost tip of the coastal strip which borders the Atlantic Ocean, and ultimately terminates at the country’s border with Namibia at the Orange River. The Cape Peninsula has a Mediterranean climate, making it and its immediate surrounds the only portion of Africa south of the Sahara which receives most of its rainfall in winter.[77][78] The greater Cape Town metropolitan area is situated on the Cape Peninsula and is home to 3.7 million people according to the 2011 population census. It is the country's legislative capital.




Spring flowers in Namaqualand


The coastal belt to the north of the Cape Peninsula is bounded on the west by the Atlantic Ocean and the first row of north-south running Cape Fold Mountains to the east. The Cape Fold Mountains peter out at about the 32° S line of latitude,[76] after which the coastal plain is bounded by the Great Escarpment itself. The most southerly portion of this coastal belt is known as the Swartland and Malmesbury Plain, which is an important wheat growing region, relying on winter rains. The region further north is known as Namaqualand,[79] which becomes more and more arid as one approaches the Orange River. The little rain that falls, tends to fall in winter,[78] which results in one of the world’s most spectacular displays of flowers carpeting huge stretches of veld in spring (August–September).




Cape Floral Region Protected Areas.


South Africa also has one possession, the small sub-Antarctic archipelago of the Prince Edward Islands, consisting of Marion Island (290 km2 or 110 sq mi) and Prince Edward Island (45 km2 or 17 sq mi) (not to be confused with the Canadian province of the same name).
Climate
Main article: Climate of South Africa




Köppen climate types of South Africa


South Africa has a generally temperate climate, due in part to being surrounded by the Atlantic and Indian Oceans on three sides, by its location in the climatically milder Southern Hemisphere and due to the average elevation rising steadily towards the north (towards the equator) and further inland. Due to this varied topography and oceanic influence, a great variety of climatic zones exist. The climatic zones range from the extreme desert of the southern Namib in the farthest northwest to the lush subtropical climate in the east along the Mozambique border and the Indian Ocean. Winters in South Africa occur between June and August.
The extreme southwest has a climate remarkably similar to that of the Mediterranean with wet winters and hot, dry summers, hosting the famous fynbos biome of shrubland and thicket. This area also produces much of the wine in South Africa. This region is also particularly known for its wind, which blows intermittently almost all year. The severity of this wind made passing around the Cape of Good Hope particularly treacherous for sailors, causing many shipwrecks. Further east on the south coast, rainfall is distributed more evenly throughout the year, producing a green landscape. This area is popularly known as the Garden Route.
The Free State is particularly flat because it lies centrally on the high plateau. North of the Vaal River, the Highveld becomes better watered and does not experience subtropical extremes of heat. Johannesburg, in the centre of the Highveld, is at 1,740 m (5,709 ft) and receives an annual rainfall of 760 mm (29.9 in). Winters in this region are cold, although snow is rare.
The high Drakensberg mountains, which form the south-eastern escarpment of the Highveld, offer limited skiing opportunities in winter. The coldest place on mainland South Africa is Sutherland in the western Roggeveld Mountains, where midwinter temperatures can reach as low as −15 °C (5 °F). The Prince Edward Islands have colder average annual temperatures, but Sutherland has colder extremes. The deep interior of mainland South Africa has the hottest temperatures: a temperature of 51.7 °C (125.06 °F) was recorded in 1948 in the Northern Cape Kalahari near Upington,[80] but this temperature is unofficial and was not recorded with standard equipment, the official highest temperature is 48.8 °C (119.84 °F) at Vioolsdrif in January 1993.[81]
Biodiversity
See also: Wildlife of South Africa and Protected areas of South Africa
South Africa signed the Rio Convention on Biological Diversity on 4 June 1994, and became a party to the convention on 2 November 1995.[82] It has subsequently produced a National Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plan, which was received by the convention on 7 June 2006.[83] The country is ranked sixth out of the world's seventeen megadiverse countries.[84]
Animals




South African giraffe, Kruger National Park


Numerous mammals are found in the bushveld including Transvaal lions, African leopards, South African cheetahs, southern white rhinos, blue wildebeest, kudus, impalas, hyenas, hippopotamuses and South African giraffes. A significant extent of the bushveld exists in the north-east including Kruger National Park and the Sabi Sand Game Reserve, as well as in the far north in the Waterberg Biosphere. South Africa houses many endemic species, among them the critically endangered riverine rabbit (Bunolagus monticullaris) in the Karoo.
Fungi
Up to 1945, more than 4900 species of fungi (including lichen-forming species) had been recorded.[85] In 2006, the total number of fungi which occur in South Africa was conservatively estimated at about 200,000 species, but that did not take into account fungi associated with insects.[86] If correct, then the number of South African fungi dwarfs that of its plants. In at least some major South African ecosystems, an exceptionally high percentage of fungi are highly specific in terms of the plants with which they occur.[87] The country's biodiversity strategy and action plan does not mention fungi (including lichen-forming fungi).[83]
Plants




Sub-tropical forest near Durban






Lowveld vegetation of the Kruger National Park


With more than 22,000 different higher plants, or about 9% of all the known species of plants on Earth,[88] South Africa is particularly rich in plant diversity. The most prevalent biome in South Africa is the grassland, particularly on the Highveld, where the plant cover is dominated by different grasses, low shrubs, and acacia trees, mainly camel-thorn and whitethorn. Vegetation becomes even more sparse towards the northwest due to low rainfall. There are several species of water-storing succulents like aloes and euphorbias in the very hot and dry Namaqualand area. The grass and thorn savannah turns slowly into a bush savannah towards the north-east of the country, with denser growth. There are significant numbers of baobab trees in this area, near the northern end of Kruger National Park.[89]
The fynbos biome, which makes up the majority of the area and plant life in the Cape floristic region, one of the six floral kingdoms, is located in a small region of the Western Cape and contains more than 9,000 of those species, making it among the richest regions on earth in terms of plant diversity.[citation needed] Most of the plants are evergreen hard-leaf plants with fine, needle-like leaves, such as the sclerophyllous plants. Another uniquely South African flowering plant group is the genus Protea. There are around 130 different species of Protea in South Africa.
While South Africa has a great wealth of flowering plants, only 1% of South Africa is forest, almost exclusively in the humid coastal plain of KwaZulu-Natal, where there are also areas of Southern Africa mangroves in river mouths. There are even smaller reserves of forests that are out of the reach of fire, known as montane forests. Plantations of imported tree species are predominant, particularly the non-native eucalyptus and pine.
Conservation issues
South Africa has lost a large area of natural habitat in the last four decades, primarily due to overpopulation, sprawling development patterns and deforestation during the 19th century. South Africa is one of the worst affected countries in the world when it comes to invasion by alien species with many (e.g. black wattle, Port Jackson willow, Hakea, Lantana and Jacaranda) posing a significant threat to the native biodiversity and the already scarce water resources. The original temperate forest found by the first European settlers was exploited ruthlessly until only small patches remained. Currently, South African hardwood trees like real yellowwood (Podocarpus latifolius), stinkwood (Ocotea bullata), and South African black ironwood (Olea laurifolia) are under government protection. Statistics from the South African Environmental Affairs department show a record 1215 rhinos have been killed in 2014.[90]
Climate change is expected to bring considerable warming and drying to much of this already semi-arid region, with greater frequency and intensity of extreme weather events such as heatwaves, flooding and drought. According to computer generated climate modelling produced by the South African National Biodiversity Institute[91] parts of southern Africa will see an increase in temperature by about one degree Celsius along the coast to more than four degrees Celsius in the already hot hinterland such as the Northern Cape in late spring and summertime by 2050. The Cape Floral Kingdom, been identified as one of the global biodiversity hotspots, it will be hit very hard by climate change. Drought, increased intensity and frequency of fire and climbing temperatures are expected to push many rare species towards extinction.


Biodiversity of South Africa


King protea, national flower



Fynbos, Cape Floristic Region



Blue crane, national bird



Flowers in the West Coast National Park




Politics and government
Main articles: Government of South Africa, Politics of South Africa, Law of South Africa, and Human rights in South Africa




Union Buildings in Pretoria, seat of the executive






Houses of Parliament in Cape Town, seat of the legislature


South Africa is a parliamentary republic, although unlike most such republics the President is both head of state and head of government, and depends for his tenure on the confidence of Parliament. The executive, legislature and judiciary are all subject to the supremacy of the Constitution, and the superior courts have the power to strike down executive actions and acts of Parliament if they are unconstitutional.
The National Assembly, the lower house of Parliament, consists of 400 members and is elected every five years by a system of party-list proportional representation. The National Council of Provinces, the upper house, consists of ninety members, with each of the nine provincial legislatures electing ten members.
After each parliamentary election, the National Assembly elects one of its members as President; hence the President serves a term of office the same as that of the Assembly, normally five years. No President may serve more than two terms in office.[92] The President appoints a Deputy President and Ministers, who form the Cabinet which consists of Departments and Ministries. The President and the Cabinet may be removed by the National Assembly by a motion of no confidence.




Jacob Zuma, President of South Africa since 2009


In the most recent election, held on 7 May 2014, the African National Congress (ANC) won 62.2% of the vote and 249 seats, while the main opposition, the Democratic Alliance (DA) won 22.2% of the vote and 89 seats. The Economic Freedom Fighters, founded by Julius Malema, the former President of the ANC's Youth Wing who was later expelled from the ANC, won 6.4% of the vote and 25 seats. The ANC has been the governing political party in South Africa since the end of apartheid.
South Africa has no legally defined capital city. The fourth chapter of the Constitution of South Africa, states that "The seat of Parliament is Cape Town, but an Act of Parliament enacted in accordance with section 76(1) and (5) may determine that the seat of Parliament is elsewhere."[93] The country's three branches of government are split over different cities. Cape Town, as the seat of Parliament, is the legislative capital; Pretoria, as the seat of the President and Cabinet, is the administrative capital; and Bloemfontein, as the seat of the Supreme Court of Appeal, is the judicial capital, while the Constitutional Court of South Africa sits in Johannesburg. Most foreign embassies are located in Pretoria.
Since 2004, South Africa has had many thousands of popular protests, some violent, making it, according to one academic, the "most protest-rich country in the world".[94] There have been a number of incidents of political repression as well as threats of future repression in violation of this constitution leading some analysts and civil society organisations to conclude that there is or could be a new climate of political repression,[95][96] or a decline in political tolerance.[97]
In 2008, South Africa placed 5th out of 48 sub-Saharan African countries on the Ibrahim Index of African Governance. South Africa scored well in the categories of Rule of Law, Transparency & Corruption and Participation & Human Rights, but was let down by its relatively poor performance in Safety & Security.[98] In November 2006, South Africa became the first African country to legalise same-sex marriage.[99]
Law
See also: Crime in South Africa




Constitutional Court in Johannesburg


The Constitution of South Africa is the supreme rule of law in the country. The primary sources of South African law are Roman-Dutch mercantile law and personal law with English Common law, as imports of Dutch settlements and British colonialism.[100] The first European based law in South Africa was brought by the Dutch East India Company and is called Roman-Dutch law. It was imported before the codification of European law into the Napoleonic Code and is comparable in many ways to Scots law. This was followed in the 19th century by English law, both common and statutory. Starting in 1910 with unification, South Africa had its own parliament which passed laws specific for South Africa, building on those previously passed for the individual member colonies.
The judicial system consists of the magistrates' courts, which hear lesser criminal cases and smaller civil cases; the High Courts, which are courts of general jurisdiction for specific areas; the Supreme Court of Appeal, which is the highest court in all but constitutional matters; and the Constitutional Court, which hears only constitutional matters.




Soweto Pride 2012 participants protest against violence against lesbians. Human Rights in the country are widely positivized into laws but some groups still are socially discriminated. It is the first country in Africa recognizing same sex marriage.


Nearly 50 murders are committed each day in South Africa.[101] In the year ended March 2014 there were 17,068 murders and the murder rate was 32.2 per 100,000 - about five times higher than the global average of 6 per 100,000.[102] Middle-class South Africans seek security in gated communities.[103] The private security industry in South Africa is the largest in the world,[104] with nearly 9,000 registered companies and 400,000 registered active private security guards, more than the South African police and army combined.[105] Many emigrants from South Africa also state that crime was a big motivator for them to leave.[106] Crime against the farming community has continued to be a major problem.[107]
It is estimated that 500,000 women are raped in South Africa every year[108] with the average woman more likely to be raped than complete secondary school.[109] A 2009 survey found one in four South African men admitted to raping someone[110] and another survey found one in three women out of 4000 surveyed women said they had been raped in the past year.[111] Rapes are also perpetrated by children (some as young as ten).[112] Child and baby rape incidences are some of the highest in the world, largely as a result of the virgin cleansing myth, and a number of high-profile cases (sometimes as young as eight months[112]) have outraged the nation.[113]
Foreign relations
Main article: Foreign relations of South Africa




Leaders of the BRICS nations at the G-20 summit in Hangzhou, 2016


As the Union of South Africa, the country was a founding member of the United Nations. The then Prime Minister Jan Smuts wrote the preamble to the United Nations Charter.[114][115] South Africa is one of the founding members of the African Union (AU), and has the second largest economy of all the members. It is also a founding member of the AU's New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD).
South Africa has played a key role as a mediator in African conflicts over the last decade, such as in Burundi, the Democratic Republic of Congo, the Comoros, and Zimbabwe. After apartheid ended, South Africa was readmitted to the Commonwealth of Nations. The country is a member of the Group of 77 and chaired the organisation in 2006. South Africa is also a member of the Southern African Development Community, South Atlantic Peace and Cooperation Zone, Southern African Customs Union, Antarctic Treaty System, World Trade Organization, International Monetary Fund, G20, G8+5, and the Port Management Association of Eastern and Southern Africa.
South African President Jacob Zuma and Chinese President Hu Jintao upgraded bilateral ties between the two countries on 24 August 2010, when they signed the Beijing Agreement, which elevated South Africa's earlier "strategic partnership" with China to the higher level of "comprehensive strategic partnership" in both economic and political affairs, including the strengthening of exchanges between their respective ruling parties and legislatures.[116][117] In April 2011, South Africa formally joined the Brazil-Russia-India-China (BRICS) grouping of countries, identified by President Zuma as the country's largest trading partners, and also the largest trading partners with Africa as a whole. Zuma asserted that BRICS member countries would also work with each other through the UN, the Group of Twenty (G20) and the India, Brazil South Africa (IBSA) forum.[118]
Military
Main article: South African National Defence Force




SANDF soldiers


The South African National Defence Force (SANDF) was created in 1994,[119][120] as an all volunteer force composed of the former South African Defence Force, the forces of the African nationalist groups (Umkhonto we Sizwe and Azanian People's Liberation Army), and the former Bantustan defence forces.[119] The SANDF is subdivided into four branches, the South African Army, the South African Air Force, the South African Navy, and the South African Military Health Service.[121] In recent years, the SANDF has become a major peacekeeping force in Africa,[122] and has been involved in operations in Lesotho, the Democratic Republic of the Congo,[122] and Burundi,[122] amongst others. It has also served in multi-national UN peacekeeping forces such as the United Nations Force Intervention Brigade for example.
South Africa is the only African country to have successfully developed nuclear weapons. It became the first country (followed by Ukraine) with nuclear capability to voluntarily renounce and dismantle its programme and in the process signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 1991.[123] South Africa undertook a nuclear weapons programme in the 1970s[123] According to former state president FW de Klerk, the decision to build a "nuclear deterrent" was taken "as early as 1974 against a backdrop of a Soviet expansionist threat."[124] South Africa is alleged to have conducted a nuclear test over the Atlantic in 1979,[125] although this is officially denied. Former president FW de Klerk maintained that South Africa had "never conducted a clandestine nuclear test."[124] Six nuclear devices were completed between 1980 and 1990, but all were dismantled before South Africa signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 1991.[124]
Administrative divisions
Main article: Provinces of South Africa




Provinces of South Africa


Each of the nine provinces is governed by a unicameral legislature, which is elected every five years by party-list proportional representation. The legislature elects a Premier as head of government, and the Premier appoints an Executive Council as a provincial cabinet. The powers of provincial governments are limited to topics listed in the Constitution; these topics include such fields as health, education, public housing and transport.
The provinces are in turn divided into 52 districts: 8 metropolitan and 44 district municipalities. The district municipalities are further subdivided into 226 local municipalities. The metropolitan municipalities, which govern the largest urban agglomerations, perform the functions of both district and local municipalities.


Province
Provincial capital
Largest city
Area (km2)[126]
Population (2013)[4]


Eastern Cape
Bhisho
Port Elizabeth
168,966
6,620,100


Free State
Bloemfontein
Bloemfontein
129,825
2,753,200


Gauteng
Johannesburg
Johannesburg
18,178
12,728,400


KwaZulu-Natal
Pietermaritzburg
Durban
94,361
10,456,900


Limpopo
Polokwane
Polokwane
125,754
5,518,000


Mpumalanga
Nelspruit
Mbombela
76,495
4,128,000


North West
Mahikeng
Rustenburg
104,882
3,597,600


Northern Cape
Kimberley
Kimberley
372,889
1,162,900


Western Cape
Cape Town
Cape Town
129,462
6,016,900


Economy




Annual per capita personal income by ethnic group in South Africa relative to white levels


Main article: Economy of South Africa




The JSE is the largest stock exchange on the African continent.


South Africa has a mixed economy, the second-largest in Africa after Nigeria. It also has a relatively high GDP per capita compared to other countries in Sub-Saharan Africa ($11,750 at PPP as of 2012). Despite this, South Africa is still burdened by a relatively high rate of poverty and unemployment, and is also ranked in the Top 10 countries in the world for income inequality,[127][128][129] measured by the Gini coefficient.
Unlike most of the world's poor countries, South Africa does not have a thriving informal economy. Only 15% of South African jobs are in the informal sector, compared with around half in Brazil and India and nearly three-quarters in Indonesia. The OECD attributes this difference to South Africa's widespread welfare system.[130] World Bank research shows that South Africa has one of the widest gaps between per capita GNP versus its Human Development Index ranking, with only Botswana showing a larger gap.[131]
After 1994, government policy brought down inflation, stabilised public finances, and some foreign capital was attracted, however growth was still subpar.[132] From 2004 onwards, economic growth picked up significantly; both employment and capital formation increased.[132] During the presidency of Jacob Zuma, the government has begun to increase the role of state-owned enterprises. Some of the biggest state-owned companies are Eskom, the electric power monopoly, South African Airways (SAA), and Transnet, the railway and ports monopoly. Some of these state-owned companies have not been profitable, such as SAA, which has required bailouts totaling R30,000,000,000 ($2,300,000,000) over twenty years.[133]
South Africa is a popular tourist destination, and a substantial amount of revenue comes from tourism.[134] Illegal immigrants are involved in informal trading.[135] Many emigrants to South Africa continue to live in poor conditions, and the immigration policy has become increasingly restrictive since 1994.[136]
Principal international trading partners of South Africa—outside Africa—include: Germany, the United States, China, Japan, the United Kingdom and Spain.[137]
The South African agricultural industry contributes around 10% of formal employment, relatively low compared to other parts of Africa, as well as providing work for casual labourers and contributing around 2.6% of GDP for the nation.[138] Due to the aridity of the land, only 13.5% of the land can be used for crop production, and only 3% is considered high potential land.[139]
In August 2013, South Africa was ranked as the top African Country of the Future by FDi magazine based on the country's economic potential, labour environment, cost-effectiveness, infrastructure, business friendliness, and Foreign direct investment Strategy.[140]
The FSI ranks South Africa as the 36th safest tax haven in the world, ahead of the Philippines but behind the Bahamas.
Labour market




Workers packing pears for export in the Ceres valley


During 1995–2003, the number of formal jobs decreased and informal jobs increased; overall unemployment worsened.[60]
The government's Black Economic Empowerment policies have drawn criticism from Neva Makgetla, lead economist for research and information at the Development Bank of Southern Africa, for focusing "almost exclusively on promoting individual ownership by black people (which) does little to address broader economic disparities, though the rich may become more diverse."[141] Official affirmative action policies have seen a rise in black economic wealth and an emerging black middle-class.[142] Other problems include state ownership and interference, which impose high barriers to entry in many areas.[143] Restrictive labour regulations have contributed to the unemployment malaise.[60]
Along with many other African countries, South Africa has been experiencing a "brain drain" within the past twenty years. This is believed to be potentially damaging for the regional economy,[144][not in citation given][clarification needed] and is almost certainly detrimental for the well-being of those reliant on the healthcare infrastructure.[145] The skills drain in South Africa tends to demonstrate racial contours given the skills distribution legacy of South Africa and has thus resulted in large white South African communities moving abroad.[146] However, the statistics which purport to show a brain drain are disputed and also do not account for repatriation and expiry of foreign work contracts. According to several surveys[147][148] there has been a reverse in brain drain following the global financial crisis of 2008-2009 and the expiry of foreign work contracts. In the first quarter of 2011, confidence levels for graduate professionals were recorded at a level of 84% in a PPS survey.[149]
Science and technology
Main article: Science and technology in South Africa




Mark Shuttleworth in space


Several important scientific and technological developments have originated in South Africa. The first human-to-human heart transplant was performed by cardiac surgeon Dr. Christiaan Barnard at Groote Schuur Hospital in December 1967, Max Theiler developed a vaccine against yellow fever, Allan McLeod Cormack pioneered x-ray computed tomography, and Aaron Klug developed crystallographic electron microscopy techniques. With the exception of that of Barnard, all of these advancements were recognised with Nobel Prizes. Sydney Brenner won most recently, in 2002, for his pioneering work in molecular biology.
Mark Shuttleworth founded an early Internet security company Thawte, that was subsequently bought out by world-leader VeriSign. Despite government efforts to encourage entrepreneurship in biotechnology, IT and other high technology fields, no other notable groundbreaking companies have been founded in South Africa. It is the expressed objective of the government to transition the economy to be more reliant on high technology, based on the realisation that South Africa cannot compete with Far Eastern economies in manufacturing, nor can the republic rely on its mineral wealth in perpetuity.
South Africa has cultivated a burgeoning astronomy community. It hosts the Southern African Large Telescope, the largest optical telescope in the Southern Hemisphere. South Africa is currently building the Karoo Array Telescope as a pathfinder for the €1,500,000,000 Square Kilometre Array project.[150] On 25 May 2012, it was announced that hosting of the Square Kilometer Array Telescope will be split over both the South African and the Australia/New Zealand sites.[151]
Water supply and sanitation
Main article: Water supply and sanitation in South Africa
After the end of Apartheid, South Africa's newly elected ANC government struggled with the-then growing service and backlogs with respect to access to Water supply and Sanitation developed. The government thus made a strong commitment to high service standards and to high levels of investment subsidies to achieve those standards. Since then, the country has made some progress with regard to improving access to water supply: It reached universal access to an improved water source in urban areas, and in rural areas the share of those with access increased from 66% to 79% from 1990 to 2010.[152]
South Africa also has a strong water industry with a track record in innovation. However, much less progress has been achieved on sanitation: Access increased only from 71% to 79% during the same period.[152] Significant problems remain concerning the financial sustainability of service providers, leading to a lack of attention to maintenance. The uncertainty about the government's ability to sustain funding levels in the sector is also a concern. Two distinctive features of the South African water sector are the policy of free basic water and the existence of water boards, which are bulk water supply agencies that operate pipelines and sell water from reservoirs to municipalities.
In May 2014, it was announced that Durban's Water and Sanitation Department won the Stockholm Industry Water Award "for its transformative and inclusive approach", calling it "one of the most progressive utilities in the world". The city has connected 1,300,000 additional people to piped water and provided 700,000 with access to toilets in fourteen years. It also was South Africa's first municipality to put free basic water for the poor into practice. Furthermore, it has promoted Rainwater harvesting and mini hydropower.[153]
Demographics
Main article: Demographics of South Africa




Migrations that formed the modern Rainbow Nation






Map of population density in South Africa




  <1 /km2
  1–3 /km2
  3–10 /km2
  10–30 /km2
  30–100 /km2



  100–300 /km2
  300–1000 /km2
  1000–3000 /km2
  >3000 /km2






South Africa is a nation of about 55,000,000 (2016 estimate) people of diverse origins, cultures, languages, and religions. The last census was held in 2011. South Africa is home to an estimated 5,000,000 illegal immigrants, including some 3,000,000 Zimbabweans.[154][155][156] A series of anti-immigrant riots occurred in South Africa beginning on 11 May 2008.[157][158]
Statistics South Africa asks people to describe themselves in the census in terms of five racial population groups.[159] The 2011 census figures for these groups were Black African at 79.2%, White at 8.9%, Coloured at 8.9%, Asian at 2.5%, and Other/Unspecified at 0.5%.[5]:21 The first census in South Africa in 1911 showed that whites made up 22% of the population; it declined to 16% in 1980.[160]
South Africa hosts a sizeable refugee and asylum seeker population. According to the World Refugee Survey 2008, published by the US Committee for Refugees and Immigrants, this population numbered approximately 144,700 people in 2007.[161] Groups of refugees and asylum seekers numbering over 10,000 included people from Zimbabwe (48,400), The Democratic Republic of the Congo (24,800), and Somalia (12,900).[161] These populations mainly lived in Johannesburg, Pretoria, Durban, Cape Town, and Port Elizabeth.[161] Many refugees have now also started to work and live in rural areas in provinces such as Mpumalanga, KwaZulu-Natal and the Eastern Cape.
Languages
Main article: Languages of South Africa




A map showing the dominant South African languages.



  Afrikaans
  English
  Ndebele
  Xhosa
  Zulu
  Northern Sotho



  Sotho
  Tswana
  Swazi
  Venda
  Tsonga
  None dominant






South Africa has eleven official languages:[162] Afrikaans, English, Ndebele, Northern Sotho, Sotho, Swazi, Tswana, Tsonga, Venda, Xhosa, and Zulu. In this regard it is third only to Bolivia and India in number. While all the languages are formally equal, some languages are spoken more than others. According to the 2011 census, the three most spoken first languages are Zulu (22.7%), Xhosa (16.0%), and Afrikaans (13.5%).[163] Despite the fact that English is recognised as the language of commerce and science, it ranked fourth, and was listed as the first language of only 9.6% of South Africans in 2011 but remains the de facto lingua franca of the nation.[163]
The country also recognises several unofficial languages, including Fanagalo, Khoe, Lobedu, Nama, Northern Ndebele, Phuthi, and South African Sign Language.[164] These unofficial languages may be used in certain official uses in limited areas where it has been determined that these languages are prevalent.
Many of the unofficial languages of the San and Khoikhoi people contain regional dialects stretching northwards into Namibia and Botswana, and elsewhere. These people, who are a physically distinct population from other Africans, have their own cultural identity based on their hunter-gatherer societies. They have been marginalised to a great extent, and the remainder of their languages are in danger of becoming extinct.
Many White South Africans also speak European languages, including Portuguese (also spoken by Black Angolans and Mozambicans), German, and Greek, while some Asians in South Africa speak Asian languages, such as Gujarati, Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, and Urdu. French is spoken in South Africa by immigrants from French-speaking parts of Africa.
Urban centres



 


v
t
e


Largest cities or towns in South Africa
2011 Census



Rank
Name
Province
Pop.


1
City of Johannesburg
Gauteng
4,434,827[165]


2
City of Cape Town
Western Cape
3,740,026[166]


3
EThekwini Metropolitan Municipality
KwaZulu-Natal
3,442,361[167]


4
Ekurhuleni
Gauteng
3,178,470[168]


5
City of Tshwane
Gauteng
2,921,488[169]


6
Nelson Mandela Bay
Eastern Cape
1,152,115[170]


7
Buffalo City Metropolitan Municipality
Eastern Cape
755,200[171]


8
Mangaung
Free State
747,431[172]


9
Emfuleni
Gauteng
721,663[173]


10
Polokwane Local Municipality
Limpopo
628,999 [174]


Religion
Main article: Religion in South Africa




Nederduits Gereformeerde Kerk in Wolmaransstad






Sangoma performing a traditional baptism in Alexandra, Johannesburg


According to the 2001 census, Christians accounted for 79.8% of the population, with a majority of them being members of various Protestant denominations (broadly defined to include syncretic African initiated churches) and a minority of Roman Catholics and other Christians. Christian category includes Zion Christian (11.1%), Pentecostal (Charismatic) (8.2%), Roman Catholic (7.1%), Methodist (6.8%), Dutch Reformed (Nederduits Gereformeerde Kerk; 6.7%), Anglican (3.8%). Members of remaining Christian churches accounted for another 36% of the population. Muslims accounted for 1.5% of the population, Hindus 1.2%, traditional African religion 0.3% and Judaism 0.2%. 15.1% had no religious affiliation, 0.6% were other and 1.4% were unspecified.[137][175][176]
African initiated churches formed the largest of the Christian groups. It was believed that many of the persons who claimed no affiliation with any organised religion adhered to traditional African religion. There are an estimated 200,000 indigenous traditional healers in South Africa, and up to 60% of South Africans consult these healers,[177] generally called sangomas or inyangas. These healers use a combination of ancestral spiritual beliefs and a belief in the spiritual and medicinal properties of local fauna and flora, commonly known as muti, to facilitate healing in clients. Many peoples have syncretic religious practices combining Christian and indigenous influences.[178]
South African Muslims comprise mainly those who are described as "Coloured" and those who are described as Indians. They have been joined by Black or White South African converts as well as others from other parts of Africa.[179] South African Muslims claim that their faith is the fastest-growing religion of conversion in the country, with the number of black Muslims growing sixfold, from 12,000 in 1991 to 74,700 in 2004.[179][180]
South Africa is also home to a substantial Jewish population, descended from European Jews who arrived as a minority among other European settlers. This population peaked in the 1970s at 120,000, though only around 67,000 remain today, the rest having emigrated. Even so, these numbers make the Jewish community in South Africa the twelfth largest in the world.[181]
Ethnic Indian Hindus form another significant portion of the population.[175]
Culture
Main article: Culture of South Africa




Decorated houses, Drakensberg


The South African black majority still has a substantial number of rural inhabitants who lead largely impoverished lives. It is among these people that cultural traditions survive most strongly; as Blacks have become increasingly urbanised and Westernised, aspects of traditional culture have declined. Members of the middle-class, who are predominantly White but whose ranks include growing numbers of Black, Coloured and Indian people,[182] have lifestyles similar in many respects to that of people found in Western Europe, North America and Australasia.
The South African Scout Association was one of the first youth organisations to open its doors to youth and adults of all races in South Africa. This happened on 2 July 1977 at a conference known as Quo Vadis.[183]
Arts




Eland, rock painting, Drakensberg


South African art includes the oldest art objects in the world, which were discovered in a South African cave, and dated from 75,000 years ago.[184] The scattered tribes of Khoisan peoples moving into South Africa from around 10,000 BC had their own fluent art styles seen today in a multitude of cave paintings. They were superseded by Bantu/Nguni peoples with their own vocabularies of art forms. New forms of art evolved in the mines and townships: a dynamic art using everything from plastic strips to bicycle spokes. The Dutch-influenced folk art of the Afrikaner Trekboers and the urban white artists earnestly following changing European traditions from the 1850s onwards also contributed to this eclectic mix, which continues to evolve today.




Olive Schreiner


South African literature emerged from a unique social and political history. One of the first well-known novels written by a Black author in an African language was Solomon Thekiso Plaatje's Mhudi, written in 1930. During the 1950s, Drum magazine became a hotbed of political satire, fiction, and essays, giving a voice to urban Black culture.
Notable White South African authors include Alan Paton, who published the acclaimed novel Cry, the Beloved Country in 1948. Nadine Gordimer became the first South African to be awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1991. Her most famous novel, July's People, was released in 1981. J.M. Coetzee won the Nobel Prize for Literature, in 2003. When awarding the prize, the Swedish Academy stated that Coetzee "in innumerable guises portrays the surprising involvement of the outsider".[185]
The plays of Athol Fugard have been regularly premiered in fringe theatres in South Africa, London (The Royal Court Theatre) and New York. Olive Schreiner's The Story of an African Farm (1883) was a revelation in Victorian literature: it is heralded by many as introducing feminism into the novel form.
Breyten Breytenbach was jailed for his involvement with the guerrilla movement against apartheid. Andre Brink was the first Afrikaner writer to be banned by the government after he released the novel A Dry White Season.
Popular culture
The South African media sector is large, and South Africa is one of Africa's major media centres. While South Africa's many broadcasters and publications reflect the diversity of the population as a whole, the most commonly used language is English. However, all ten other official languages are represented to some extent or another.
There is great diversity in South African music. Black musicians have developed a unique style called Kwaito. Kwaito is said to have taken over radio, television, and magazines.[186] Of note is Brenda Fassie, who launched to fame with her song "Weekend Special", which was sung in English. More famous traditional musicians include Ladysmith Black Mambazo, while the Soweto String Quartet performs classic music with an African flavour. South Africa has produced world-famous jazz musicians, notably Hugh Masekela, Jonas Gwangwa, Abdullah Ibrahim, Miriam Makeba, Jonathan Butler, Chris McGregor, and Sathima Bea Benjamin. Afrikaans music covers multiple genres, such as the contemporary Steve Hofmeyr, the punk rock band Fokofpolisiekar and the singer-songwriter Jeremy Loops.
Although few South African film productions are known outside South Africa itself, many foreign films have been produced about South Africa. Arguably, the most high-profile film portraying South Africa in recent years was District 9. Other notable exceptions are the film Tsotsi, which won the Academy Award for Foreign Language Film at the 78th Academy Awards in 2006 as well as U-Carmen e-Khayelitsha, which won the Golden Bear at the 2005 Berlin International Film Festival. In 2015, Oliver Hermanus' film, The Endless River, became the first South African film selected for the Venice Film Festival.
Cuisine
Main article: South African cuisine




Meat on a traditional South African braai


South African culture is diverse; foods from many cultures are enjoyed by all and especially marketed to tourists who wish to sample the large variety of South African cuisine. In addition to food, music and dance feature prominently.[citation needed]
South African cuisine is heavily meat-based and has spawned the distinctively South African social gathering known as a braai, or barbecue. South Africa has also developed into a major wine producer, with some of the best vineyards lying in valleys around Stellenbosch, Franschhoek, Paarl and Barrydale.[187]
Sports
Main article: Sport in South Africa
South Africa's most popular sports are soccer, rugby and cricket.[188] Other sports with significant support are swimming, athletics, golf, boxing, tennis, ringball, and netball. Although soccer commands the greatest following among the youth, other sports like basketball, surfing and skateboarding are increasingly popular.
Soccer players who have played for major foreign clubs include Steven Pienaar, Lucas Radebe and Philemon Masinga, Benni McCarthy, Aaron Mokoena, and Delron Buckley. South Africa, hosted the 2010 FIFA World Cup, and FIFA president Sepp Blatter awarded South Africa a grade 9 out of 10 for successfully hosting the event. The 2010 FIFA World Cup also marked the first time the competition had been hosted on the African continent.[189]




The Springboks in a bus parade after winning the 2007 Rugby World Cup


Famous boxing personalities include Baby Jake Jacob Matlala, Vuyani Bungu, Welcome Ncita, Dingaan Thobela, Gerrie Coetzee and Brian Mitchell. Durban Surfer Jordy Smith won the 2010 Billabong J-Bay competition making him the #1 ranked surfer in the world. South Africa produced Formula One motor racing's 1979 world champion Jody Scheckter. Famous current cricket players include AB de Villiers, Hashim Amla, Dale Steyn, Vernon Philander, Faf du Plessis etc. Most of them also participate in the Indian Premier League.
South Africa has also produced numerous world class rugby players, including Francois Pienaar, Joost van der Westhuizen, Danie Craven, Frik du Preez, Naas Botha and Bryan Habana. South Africa hosted and won the 1995 Rugby World Cup and won the 2007 Rugby World Cup in France. It followed the 1995 Rugby World Cup by hosting the 1996 African Cup of Nations, with the national team going on to win the tournament. It also hosted the 2003 Cricket World Cup, the 2007 World Twenty20 Championship. South Africa has also won the inaugural edition of the 1998 ICC KnockOut Trophy by defeating West Indies in the final.South Africa team also went onto win the inaugural edition of the Blind Cricket World Cup in 1998.
In 2004, the swimming team of Roland Schoeman, Lyndon Ferns, Darian Townsend and Ryk Neethling won the gold medal at the Olympic Games in Athens, simultaneously breaking the world record in the 4x100 freestyle relay. Penny Heyns won Olympic Gold in the 1996 Atlanta Olympic Games. In 2012, Oscar Pistorius became the first double amputee sprinter to compete at the Olympic Games in London. In golf, Gary Player is generally regarded as one of the greatest golfers of all time, having won the Career Grand Slam, one of five golfers to have done so. Other South African golfers to have won major tournaments include Bobby Locke, Ernie Els, Retief Goosen, Tim Clark, Trevor Immelman, Louis Oosthuizen and Charl Schwartzel.
Education
Main article: Education in South Africa




Schoolchildren in Mitchell's Plain


The adult literacy rate in 2007 was 88.7%.[190] South Africa has a 3-tier system of education starting with primary school, followed by high school and tertiary education in the form of (academic) universities and universities of technology. Learners have twelve years of formal schooling, from Grades 1-12. Grade R is a pre-primary foundation year. [191] Primary schools span the first seven years of schooling.[192] High School education spans a further five years. The Senior Certificate examination takes place at the end of Grade 12 and is necessary for tertiary studies at a South African university.[191]
Public universities in South Africa are divided into three types: traditional universities, which offer theoretically-oriented university degrees; universities of technology ("Technikons"), which offer vocational oriented diplomas and degrees; and comprehensive universities, which offer both types of qualifications. There are 23 public universities in South Africa: 11 traditional universities, 6 universities of technology and 6 comprehensive universities.
Under apartheid, schools for Blacks were subject to discrimination through inadequate funding and a separate syllabus called Bantu Education which was only designed to give them sufficient skills to work as labourers.[193] In 2004, South Africa started reforming its higher education system, merging and incorporating smaller universities into larger institutions, and renaming all higher education institutions "university" to redress these imbalances. By 2015, 1,400,000 students in higher education have benefited from a financial aid scheme which was promulgated in 1999.[194]
Public expenditure on education was at 5.4% of the 2002–05 GDP.[195]
Health
Main article: Health in South Africa




AIDS has caused a fall in life expectancy.


According to the South African Institute of Race Relations, the life expectancy in 2009 was 71 years for a White South African and 48 years for a Black South African.[196] The healthcare spending in the country is about 9% of GDP.[197]
Only 16% of the population is covered by medical schemes.[198] About 20% use private healthcare.[199] The rest pay "out of pocket" or through hospital cash plans.[199] The three dominant hospital groups, Mediclinic, Life Healthcare and Netcare, together control 75% of the market.[199] About 84% of the population depend on the public healthcare system,[197] which is beset with chronic human resource shortages and limited resources.[200]
South Africa is home to the third-largest hospital in the world, the Chris Hani Baragwanath Hospital.[201]
HIV/AIDS
Main article: HIV/AIDS in South Africa
According to the 2015 UNAIDS Report, South Africa has an estimated 7,000,000 people living with HIV– more than any other country in the world.[202] A 2008 study revealed that HIV/AIDS infection in South Africa is distinctly divided along racial lines: 13.6% of Blacks are HIV-positive, whereas only 0.3% of Whites have the disease.[203] Most deaths are experienced by economically active individuals, resulting in many AIDS orphans who in many cases depend on the state for care and financial support.[204] It is estimated that there are 1,200,000 orphaned children in South Africa.[204]
The link between HIV, a virus spread primarily by sexual contact, and AIDS was long denied by prior president Thabo Mbeki and then health minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang, who insisted that the many deaths in the country are due to malnutrition, and hence poverty, and not HIV.[205] In 2007, in response to international pressure, the government made efforts to fight AIDS.[206] After the 2009 general election, President Jacob Zuma appointed Dr Aaron Motsoaledi as the new minister and committed his government to increasing funding for and widening the scope of AIDS treatment.[207]
See also


South Africa portal







Book: South Africa





Index of South Africa-related articles
Outline of South Africa


Notes



^ The Khoi, Nama and San languages, South African Sign Language, German, Greek, Gujarati, Hindi, Portuguese, Telugu, Tamil, Urdu, Arabic, Hebrew, Sanskrit and "other languages used for religious purposes in South Africa" have a special status (Chapter 1, Article 6 of the South African Constitution).



References


^ "The Constitution". Constitutional Court of South Africa. Retrieved 3 September 2009. 
^ "Principal Agglomerations of the World". Citypopulation.de. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ Mid-year population estimates 2014. Statistics South Africa
^ a b "Mid-year population estimates 2015" (PDF). Statistics South Africa. Retrieved 11 August 2015. 
^ a b c Census 2011: Census in brief (PDF). Pretoria: Statistics South Africa. 2012. ISBN 9780621413885. Retrieved 12 January 2013. [permanent dead link]
^ a b c d e "South Africa". International Monetary Fund. Retrieved 26 April 2015. 
^ "Gini Index". World Bank. Retrieved 2 March 2011. 
^ "2015 Human Development Report" (PDF). United Nations Development Programme. 2015. Retrieved 15 December 2015. 
^ "South African Maritime Safety Authority". South African Maritime Safety Authority. Retrieved 16 June 2008. 
^ "Coastline". The World Factbook. CIA. Retrieved 16 June 2008. 
^ a b c d "South Africa Fast Facts". SouthAfrica.info. April 2007. Retrieved 14 June 2008. 
^ Guy Arnold. "Lesotho: Year In Review 1996 – Britannica Online Encyclopedia". Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Rainbow Nation – dream or reality?". BBC News. 18 July 2008. Retrieved 10 August 2013. 
^ "South Africa". World Bank. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ David Waugh (2000). "Manufacturing industries (chapter 19), World development (chapter 22)". Geography: An Integrated Approach. Nelson Thornes. pp. 563, 576–579, 633, 640. ISBN 978-0-17-444706-1. Retrieved 24 August 2013. 
^ "South Africa's Unemployment Rate Increases to 23.5%". Bloomberg. 5 May 2009. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ "HDI" (PDF). UNDP. Archived from the original (PDF) on 19 December 2008. 
^ Cooper, Andrew F; Antkiewicz, Agata; Shaw, Timothy M (10 December 2007). "Lessons from/for BRICSAM about South-North Relations at the Start of the 21st Century: Economic Size Trumps All Else?". International Studies Review. 9 (4): 675, 687. doi:10.1111/j.1468-2486.2007.00730.x. 
^ David A. Lynch (2010). Trade and Globalization: An Introduction to Regional Trade Agreements. Rowman & Littlefield. p. 51. ISBN 978-0-7425-6689-7. Retrieved 25 August 2013. Southern Africa is home to the other of sub-Saharan Africa's regional powers: South Africa. South Africa is more than just a regional power; it is currently the most developed and economically powerful country in Africa, and now it is able to use that influence in Africa more than during the days of apartheid, when it was ostracised. 
^ Livermon, Xavier (2008). "Sounds in the City". In Nuttall, Sarah; Mbembé, Achille. Johannesburg: The Elusive Metropolis. Durham: Duke University Press. p. 283. ISBN 9780822381211. Mzansi is another black urban vernacular term popular with the youth and standing for South Africa. 
^ "Mzansi DiToloki". Deaf Federation of South Africa. Archived from the original on 16 January 2014. Retrieved 15 January 2014. uMzantsi in Xhosa means 'south', Mzansi means this country, South Africa 
^ Taylor, Darren. "South African Party Says Call Their Country ‘Azania’". VOA. Retrieved 18 February 2017. 
^ Wymer, John; Singer, R (1982). The Middle Stone Age at Klasies River Mouth in South Africa. Chicago: University of Chicago Press. ISBN 0-226-76103-7. 
^ Deacon, HJ (2001). "Guide to Klasies River" (PDF). Stellenbosch University. p. 11. Retrieved 5 September 2009. 
^ "Fossil Hominid Sites of Sterkfontein, Swartkrans, Kromdraai, and Environs". 
^ Stephen P. Broker. "Hominid Evolution". Yale-New Haven Teachers Institute. Retrieved 19 June 2008. 
^ Langer, William L., ed. (1972). An Encyclopedia of World History (5th ed.). Boston, MA: Houghton Mifflin Company. p. 9. ISBN 0-395-13592-3. 
^ Domville-Fife, C.W. (1900). The encyclopedia of the British Empire the first encyclopedic record of the greatest empire in the history of the world ed. London: Rankin. p. 25. 
^ Mackenzie, W. Douglas; Stead, Alfred (1899). South Africa: Its History, Heroes, and Wars. Chicago: The Co-Operative Publishing Company. 
^ Pakeman, SA. Nations of the Modern World: Ceylon (1964 ed.). Frederick A Praeger, Publishers. pp. 18–19. ASIN B0000CM2VW. 
^ a b c Alexander Wilmot & John Centlivres Chase. History of the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope: From Its Discovery to the Year 1819 (2010 ed.). Claremont: David Philip (Pty) Ltd. pp. 1–548. ISBN 978-1144830159. 
^ Kaplan, Irving. Area Handbook for the Republic of South Africa (PDF). pp. 46–771. 
^ "African History Timeline". West Chester University of Pennsylvania. 
^ a b Hunt, John (2005). Campbell, Heather-Ann, ed. Dutch South Africa: Early Settlers at the Cape, 1652-1708. Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press. pp. 13–35. ISBN 978-1904744955. 
^ Worden, Nigel. Slavery in Dutch South Africa (2010 ed.). Cambridge University Press. pp. 40–43. ISBN 978-0521152662. 
^ a b Nelson, Harold. Zimbabwe: A Country Study. pp. 237–317. 
^ a b c d e Stapleton, Timothy (2010). A Military History of South Africa: From the Dutch-Khoi Wars to the End of Apartheid. Santa Barbara: Praeger Security International. pp. 4–6. ISBN 978-0313365898. 
^ Keegan, Timothy. Colonial South Africa and the Origins of the Racial Order (1996 ed.). David Philip Publishers (Pty) Ltd. pp. 85–86. ISBN 978-0813917351. 
^ a b c Lloyd, Trevor Owen (1997). The British Empire, 1558-1995. Oxford: Oxford University Press. pp. 201–203. ISBN 978-0198731337. 
^ "Shaka: Zulu Chieftain". Historynet.com. Archived from the original on 9 February 2008. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Shaka (Zulu chief)". Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ W. D. Rubinstein (2004). Genocide: A History. Pearson Longman. p. 22. ISBN 978-0-582-50601-5. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Williams, Garner F (1905). The Diamond Mines of South Africa, Vol II. New York: B. F Buck & Co. pp. Chapter XX. 
^ Bond, Patrick (1999). Cities of gold, townships of coal: essays on South Africa's new urban crisis. Africa World Press. p. 140. ISBN 978-0-86543-611-4. 
^ Cape of Good Hope (South Africa). Parliament House. (1906). "Report of the Select Committee on Location Act". Cape Times Limited. Retrieved 30 July 2009. 
^ Godley, Godfrey Archibald, Welsh, William Thomson, Hemsworth, H. D (1920). "Report of the Inter-departmental committee on the native pass laws". Cape Times Limited, government printers: 2. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Great Britain Colonial Office; Transvaal (Colony). Governor (1901–1905: Milner) (January 1902). "Papers relating to legislation affecting natives in the Transvaal". His Majesty's Stationery Office. 
^ De Villiers, John Abraham Jacob (1896). The Transvaal. London: Chatto & Windus. pp. 30 (n46). Retrieved 30 July 2009. 
^  Cana, Frank Richardson (1911). "South Africa". In Chisholm, Hugh. Encyclopædia Britannica. 25 (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press. p. 467. 
^ "Native Land Act". South African Institute of Race Relations. 19 June 1913. Archived from the original on 14 October 2010. 
^ Beinart, William (2001). Twentieth-century South Africa. Oxford University Press. p. 202. ISBN 978-0-19-289318-5.
^ "Hendrik Frensch Verwoerd". South African History Online. Retrieved 9 March 2013. On 5 October 1960 a referendum was held in which White voters were asked "Do you support a republic for the Union?" — 52 percent voted 'Yes'. 
^ Gibson, Nigel; Alexander, Amanda; Mngxitama, Andile (2008). Biko Lives! Contesting the Legacies of Steve Biko. Hampshire: Palgrave Macmillan. p. 138. ISBN 978-0230606494. 
^ Switzer, Les (2000). South Africa's Resistance Press: Alternative Voices in the Last Generation Under Apartheid. Issue 74 of Research in international studies: Africa series. Ohio University Press. p. 2. ISBN 9780896802131. 
^ Mitchell, Thomas (2008). Native vs Settler: Ethnic Conflict in Israel/Palestine, Northern Ireland and South Africa. Westport: Greenwood Publishing Group. pp. 194–196. ISBN 978-0313313578. 
^ Bridgland, Fred (1990). The War for Africa: Twelve months that transformed a continent. Gibraltar: Ashanti Publishing. p. 32. ISBN 978-1-874800-12-5. 
^ Landgren, Signe. Embargo Disimplemented: South Africa's Military Industry (1989 ed.). Oxford University Press. pp. 6–10. ISBN 978-0-19-829127-5. 
^ "South Africa Profile". Nti.org. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ John Pike. "Nuclear Weapons Program (South Africa)". Globalsecurity.org. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ a b c "Post-Apartheid South Africa: the First Ten Years – Unemployment and the Labor Market" (PDF). IMF. 
^ "Zuma surprised at level of white poverty — Mail & Guardian Online: The smart news source". Mail & Guardian. 18 April 2008. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ "South Africa". Human Development Report. United Nations Development Programme. 2006. Archived from the original on 29 November 2007. Retrieved 28 November 2007. 
^ "Ridicule succeeds where leadership failed on AIDS". South African Institute of Race Relations. 10 November 2006. Archived from the original on 24 May 2016. 
^ a b "Broke-on-Broke Violence". Retrieved 6 July 2011. 
^ "COHRE statement on Xenophobic Attacks". Retrieved 6 July 2011. 
^ Southern African Migration Project; Institute for Democracy in South Africa; Queen's University (2008). Jonathan Crush, ed. The perfect storm: the realities of xenophobia in contemporary South Africa (PDF). Idasa. p. 1. ISBN 978-1-920118-71-6. Archived from the original (PDF) on 30 July 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ a b c d United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. "UNHCR Global Appeal 2011 – South Africa". UNHCR. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Country Comparison". World Factbook. CIA. 
^ McCarthy, T. & Rubidge, B. (2005). The story of earth and life. p. 263, 267-268. Struik Publishers, Cape Town.
^ a b c d Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 13. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ Encyclopædia Britannica (1975); Micropaedia Vol. III, p. 655. Helen Hemingway Benton Publishers, Chicago.
^ Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 186. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ "Kruger National Park". Africa.com. Archived from the original on 18 December 2014. Retrieved 16 December 2014. 
^ Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 151. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ McCarthy, T. & Rubidge, B. (2005). The story of earth and life. p. 194. Struik Publishers, Cape Town.
^ a b Geological map of South Africa, Lesotho and Swaziland (1970). Council for Geoscience, Geological Survey of South Africa.
^ Encyclopædia Britannica (1975); Micropaedia Vol. VI, p. 750. Helen Hemingway Benton Publishers, Chicago.
^ a b Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 19. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 113. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ "South Africa's geography — SouthAfrica.info". Safrica.info. Archived from the original on 8 June 2010. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ South Africa yearbook. South African Communication Service. 1997. p. 3. 
^ "List of Parties". Retrieved 8 December 2012. 
^ a b "South Africa's National Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plan" (PDF). Retrieved 10 December 2012. 
^ "Biodiversity of the world by countries". Institutoaqualung.com.br. Archived from the original on 1 November 2010. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ Rong, I. H.; Baxter, A. P. (2006). "The South African National Collection of Fungi: Celebrating a centenary 1905-2005". Studies in Mycology. 55: 1–12. PMC 2104721 . PMID 18490968. doi:10.3114/sim.55.1.1. 
^ Crous, P. W.; Rong, I. H.; Wood, A.; Lee, S.; Glen, H.; Botha, W. l; Slippers, B.; De Beer, W. Z.; Wingfield, M. J.; Hawksworth, D. L. (2006). "How many species of fungi are there at the tip of Africa?". Studies in Mycology. 55: 13–33. PMC 2104731 . PMID 18490969. doi:10.3114/sim.55.1.13. 
^ Marincowitz, S.; Crous, P.W.; Groenewald J.Z. & Wingfield, M.J. (2008). "Microfungi occurring on Proteaceae in the fynbos. CBS Biodiversity Series 7." (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 29 July 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Marco Lambertini. "The Flora / The Richest Botany in the World". A Anturalist's Guide to the Tropics (Revised edition (May 15, 2000) ed.). University Of Chicago Press. p. 46. ISBN 978-0226468280.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Plants and Vegetation in South Africa". Southafrica-travel.net. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ Environmental Affairs (22 January 2015). "Progress in the war against poaching". Environmental Affairs. South Africa. Retrieved 22 January 2015. 
^ "South African National Biodiversity Institute". Sanbi.org. 30 September 2011. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Term Limits in Africa". The Economist. 6 April 2006. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Chapter 4 – Parliament". 19 August 2009. Archived from the original on 30 May 2013. Retrieved 3 August 2013. 
^ Abahlali baseMjondolo. "Mercury: Rethinking the crisis of local democracy". Abahlali.org. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ J. Duncan (31 May 2010). "The Return of State Repression". South African Civil Society Information Services. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Increasing police repression highlighted by recent case". Freedom of Expression Institute. 2006. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Imraan Buccus (2011). "Political tolerance on the wane in South Africa". SA Reconciliation Barometer. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "South Africa's recent performance in the Ibrahim Index of African Governance". Mo Ibrahim Foundation. Archived from the original on 18 February 2013. Retrieved 16 February 2013. 
^ "SA marriage law signed". BBC News. 30 November 2006. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Pamela Snyman & Amanda Barratt (2 October 2002). "Researching South African Law". w/ Library Resource Xchange. Archived from the original on 17 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ "How dangerous is South Africa?". BBC News. 17 May 2010. 
^ http://mg.co.za/article/2014-09-22-factsheet-south-africas-official-crime-stats-unpacked/
^ K Landman. "Gated communities in South Africa: Comparison of four case studies in Gauteng" (PDF). Wits University. Retrieved 5 March 2013. [permanent dead link]
^ "South Africa has world's largest private security industry; needs regulation – Mthethwa". DefenceWeb. Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ "Bigger than the army: South Africa's private security forces". CNN. 8 February 2013. Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ "Afrikaner Farmers Migrating to Georgia". VOA. 14 September 2011. Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ Adriana Stuijt (17 February 2009). "Two more S. African farmers killed: death toll now at 3,037". Digital Journal. Archived from the original on 20 May 2011. Retrieved 24 May 2011. 
^ "SOUTH AFRICA: One in four men rape". IRIN. 18 June 2009. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "South Africa's corrective rape". Time. 8 March 2011. Retrieved 12 July 2011. 
^ "South African rape survey shock". BBC News. 18 June 2009. Retrieved 23 May 2010. 
^ "South Africa's rape shock". BBC News. 19 January 1999. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ a b "Child rape in South Africa". Medscape. Retrieved 31 December 2010. 
^ Perry, Alex (5 November 2007). "Oprah scandal rocks South Africa". Time. Retrieved 15 May 2011. 
^ Rosalind Rosenberg (Summer 2001). "Virginia Gildersleeve: Opening the Gates (Living Legacies)". Columbia Magazine. 
^ Schlesinger, Stephen E. (2004). Act of Creation: The Founding of the United Nations: A Story of Superpowers, Secret Agents, Wartime Allies and Enemies, and Their Quest for a Peaceful World. Cambridge, Massachusetts: Westview, Perseus Books Group. pp. 236–7. ISBN 0-8133-3275-3. 
^ "China, South Africa upgrade relations to "comprehensive strategic partnership"". Capetown.china-consulate.org. 25 August 2010. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "New era as South Africa joins BRICS". Southafrica.info. 11 April 2011. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "SA brings 'unique attributes' to BRICS". Southafrica.info. 14 April 2011. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ a b "Constitution of the Republic of South Africa Act 200 of 1993 (Section 224)". South African Government. 1993. Archived from the original on 12 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ Col L B van Stade, Senior Staff Officer Rationalisation, SANDF (1997). "Rationalisation in the SANDF: The Next Challenge". Institute for Security Studies. Archived from the original on 16 March 2016. Retrieved 23 June 2008. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "Defence Act 42 of 2002" (PDF). South African Government. 12 February 2003. p. 18. Archived from the original (PDF) on 24 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ a b c Mosiuoa Lekota (5 September 2005). "Address by the Minister of Defence at a media breakfast at Defence Headquarters, Pretoria". Department of Defence. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ a b Lieutenant Colonel Roy E. Horton III (BS, Electrical Engineering; MS, Strategic Intelligence) (October 1999). "Out of (South) Africa: Pretoria's Nuclear Weapons Experience". USAF Institute for National Security Studies. Retrieved 23 June 2008. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ a b c Educational Foundation for Nuclear Science, Inc. (May 1993). "South Africa comes clean". Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists. Educational Foundation for Nuclear Science, Inc. pp. 3–4. ISSN 0096-3402. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Christine Dodson (22 October 1979). "South Atlantic Nuclear Event (National Security Council, Memorandum)" (PDF). George Washington University under Freedom of Information Act Request. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ Stats in Brief, 2010 (PDF). Pretoria: Statistics South Africa. 2010. p. 3. ISBN 978-0-621-39563-1. 
^ "Inequality in income or expenditure / Gini index, Human Development Report 2007/08". Hdrstats.undp.org. 4 November 2010. Archived from the original on 16 January 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Distribution of family income – Gini index". Cia.gov. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "South Africa has highest gap between rich and poor". Business Report. 28 September 2009. Archived from the original on 23 October 2011. Retrieved 7 November 2010. 
^ "South Africa's economy: How it could do even better.". The Economist. 22 July 2010. Retrieved 17 October 2011. 
^ "DEPWeb: Beyond Economic Growth". The World Bank Group. Retrieved 17 October 2011. 
^ a b "Economic Assessment of South Africa 2008: Achieving Accelerated and Shared Growth for South Africa". OECD. Archived from the original on 9 August 2009. 
^ "Commanding Plights." The Economist 29 August 2015: 37-38. Print.
^ "SA Economic Research – Tourism Update" (PDF). m/ Investec. October 2005. Archived from the original (PDF) on 24 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ Solomon, Hussein (1996). "Strategic Perspectives on Illegal Immigration into South Africa". African Security Review. 5 (4): 3. doi:10.1080/10246029.1996.9627681. Archived from the original on 19 October 2005. 
^ Mattes, Robert; Crush, Jonathan & Richmond, Wayne. "The Brain Gain: Skilled Migrants and Immigration Policy in Post-Apartheid South Africa". Southern African Migration Project, Queens College, Canada. Archived from the original on 25 November 2005. 
^ a b "South Africa". The World Factbook. CIA. 
^ Unequal protection the state response to violent crime on South African farms. Human Rights Watch. 2001. ISBN 1-56432-263-7. 
^ Mohamed, Najma (2000). "Greening Land and Agrarian Reform: A Case for Sustainable Agriculture". In Ben Cousins. At the Crossroads: Land and Agrarian Reform in South Africa Into the 21st Century. Programme for Land and Agrarian Studies (PLAAS). ISBN 978-1-86808-467-8. 
^ "African Countries of the Future 2013/14". fDiIntelligence.com. Retrieved 4 December 2013. 
^ Neva Makgetla (31 March 2010). "Inequality on scale found in SA bites like acid". Business Day. South Africa. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Black middle class boosts car sales in South Africa – Business – Mail & Guardian Online". Mail & Guardian. 15 January 2006. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Economic Assessment of South Africa 2008". OECD. Archived from the original on 23 April 2009. 
^ Collier, P. (3 December 2004). "World Bank, IMF study 2004". Journal of African Economies. Jae.oxfordjournals.org. 13: ii15. doi:10.1093/jae/ejh042. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ "Health Personnel in Southern Africa: Confronting maldistribution and brain drain" (PDF). Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ Haroon Bhorat; et al. (2002). "Skilled Labour Migration from Developing Countries: Study on South and Southern Africa" (PDF). International Labour Office. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "South Africa's brain-drain generation returning home". CNN World. 22 April 2009. Archived from the original on 16 December 2010. Retrieved 4 June 2011. 
^ "South Africa's brain drain reversing". Times Live. Retrieved 4 June 2011. 
^ "Graduates confident about SA". Times Live. Retrieved 4 June 2011. 
^ "SKA announces Founding Board and selects Jodrell Bank Observatory to host Project Office". SKA 2011. 2 April 2011. Retrieved 14 April 2011. 
^ "Africa and Australasia to share Square Kilometre Array". BBC. 25 May 2012. 
^ a b WHO/UNICEF:Joint Monitoring Programme for Water Supply and Sanitation:Data table South Africa Archived 9 February 2014 at the Wayback Machine., 2010. Retrieved 3 November 2012
^ ""Most progressive water utility in Africa" wins 2014Stockholm Industry Water Award". Stockholm International Water Institute (SIWI). Retrieved 8 June 2014. 
^ "Anti-immigrant violence spreads in South Africa, with attacks reported in Cape Town – The New York Times". International Herald Tribune. 23 May 2008. Archived from the original on 21 February 2009. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Escape From Mugabe: Zimbabwe's Exodus". Archived from the original on 24 January 2016. 
^ "More illegals set to flood SA". Fin24. Archived from the original on 14 February 2009. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "South African mob kills migrants". BBC. 12 May 2008. Retrieved 19 May 2008. 
^ Barry Bearak (23 May 2008). "Immigrants Fleeing Fury of South African Mobs". The New York Times. Retrieved 5 August 2008. 
^ Lehohla, Pali (5 May 2005). "Debate over race and censuses not peculiar to SA". Business Report. Archived from the original on 14 August 2007. Retrieved 25 August 2013. Others pointed out that the repeal of the Population Registration Act in 1991 removed any legal basis for specifying "race". The Identification Act of 1997 makes no mention of race. On the other hand, the Employment Equity Act speaks of "designated groups" being "black people, women and people with disabilities". The Act defines "Black" as referring to "Africans, coloureds and Indians". Apartheid and the racial identification which underpinned it explicitly linked race with differential access to resources and power. If the post-apartheid order was committed to remedying this, race would have to be included in surveys and censuses, so that progress in eradicating the consequences of apartheid could be measured and monitored. This was the reasoning that led to a "self-identifying" question about "race" or "population group" in both the 1996 and 2001 censuses, and in Statistics SA's household survey programme. 
^ Study Commission on U.S. Policy toward Southern Africa (U.S.) (1981). South Africa: time running out: the report of the Study Commission on U.S. Policy Toward Southern Africa. University of California Press. p. 42. ISBN 0-520-04547-5. 
^ a b c "World Refugee Survey 2008". U.S. Committee for Refugees and Immigrants. 19 June 2008. Archived from the original on 19 October 2014. 
^ "Constitution of South Africa, Chapter 1, Section 6". Fs.gov.za. Archived from the original on 13 November 2012. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ a b Census 2011: Census in brief (PDF). Pretoria: Statistics South Africa. 2012. pp. 23–25. ISBN 9780621413885. [permanent dead link]
^ "The languages of South Africa". SouthAfrica.info. 4 February 1997. Retrieved 7 November 2010. 
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ a b "South Africa – Section I. Religious Demography". U.S. Department of State. Retrieved 15 July 2006. 
^ Wessel Bentley; Dion Angus Forster (2008). "God's mission in our context, healing and transforming responses". Methodism in Southern Africa: A Celebration of Wesleyan Mission. AcadSA. pp. 97–98. ISBN 978-1-920212-29-2. 
^ van Wyk, Ben-Erik and van Oudtshoorn, Gericke N (1999). Medicinal Plants of South Africa. Pretoria: Briza Publications. p. 10. ISBN 978-1-875093-37-3. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "South Africa". State.gov. 15 September 2006. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ a b "In South Africa, many blacks convert to Islam / The Christian Science Monitor". The Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Muslims say their faith growing fast in Africa". Religionnewsblog.com. Retrieved 7 November 2010. 
^ Rebecca Weiner, Rebecca Weiner, ed. (2010), South African Jewish History and Information (PDF), Jewish Virtual Library, retrieved 13 August 2010 
^ "Black middle class explodes". FIN24. 22 May 2007. Archived from the original on 22 August 2007. 
^ "History of Scouting in South Africa". History of Scouting in South Africa. South African Scout Association. 2006. Retrieved 30 November 2006. 
^ Radford, Tim (16 April 2004). "World's Oldest Jewellery Found in Cave". London: Buzzle.com. Retrieved 16 April 2011. 
^ "The Nobel Prize in Literature: John Maxwell Coetzee". Swedish Academy. 2 October 2003. Retrieved 2 August 2009. 
^ "South African music after Apartheid: kwaito, the "party politic," and the appropriation of gold as a sign of success". Archived from the original on 13 June 2013. 
^ "South African Wine Guide: Stellenbosch, Constantia, Walker Bay and more". Thewinedoctor.com. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Sport in South Africa". SouthAfrica.info. Retrieved 28 June 2010. 
^ Cooper, Billy (12 July 2010). "South Africa gets 9/10 for World Cup". Mail & Guardian. Archived from the original on 15 July 2010. Retrieved 9 September 2010. 
^ "National adult literacy rates (15+), youth literacy rates (15–24) and elderly literacy rates (65+)". UNESCO Institute for Statistics. 
^ a b "A parent's guide to schooling". Retrieved 31 August 2010. 
^ "Education in South Africa". SouthAfrica.info. Archived from the original on 17 June 2010. Retrieved 20 June 2010. 
^ "Bantu Education". Overcoming Apartheid. Retrieved 20 June 2010. 
^ Cele, S'thembile; Masondo, Sipho (18 January 2015). "Shocking cost of SA’s universities". fin24.com. City Press. Retrieved 19 January 2015. 
^ "Human Development Report 2009 – South Africa". Hdrstats.undp.org. Archived from the original on 15 April 2010. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ Peoples Budget Coalition Comments on the 2011/12 Budget Archived 16 May 2012 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b "‘Clinic-in-a-Box’ seeks to improve South African healthcare". SmartPlanet. Archived from the original on 30 July 2013. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ "What does the demand for healthcare look like in SA?" (PDF). Mediclinic Southern Africa. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2 October 2013. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ a b c "Motsoaledi to reform private health care". Financial Mail. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ "South Africa". ICAP at Columbia University. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ http://www.therichest.com/rich-list/nation/the-biggest-hospitals-in-the-world/
^ "HIV and AIDS estimates (2015)". 
^ "South Africa HIV & AIDS Statistics". AVERT.org. Retrieved 6 May 2013. 
^ a b "AIDS orphans". Avert. Retrieved 8 October 2006. 
^ "Sack SA Health Minister – world's AIDS experts". afrol News. Retrieved 8 October 2006. 
^ "Situation Analysis. HIV & AIDS and STI Strategic Plan 2007–2011" (PDF). info.gov.za. Archived from the original (PDF) on 30 May 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Zuma announces AIDS reforms". UNPAN. Retrieved 9 March 2010. 


Further reading


A History of South Africa, Third Edition. Leonard Thompson. Yale University Press. 1 March 2001. 384 pages. ISBN 0-300-08776-4.
Economic Analysis and Policy Formulation for Post-Apartheid South Africa: Mission Report, Aug. 1991. International Development Research Centre. IDRC Canada, 1991. vi, 46 p. Without ISBN
Emerging Johannesburg: Perspectives on the Postapartheid City. Richard Tomlinson, et al. 1 January 2003. 336 pages. ISBN 0-415-93559-8.
Making of Modern South Africa: Conquest, Segregation and Apartheid. Nigel Worden. 1 July 2000. 194 pages. ISBN 0-631-21661-8.
South Africa: A Narrative History. Frank Welsh. Kodansha America. 1 February 1999. 606 pages. ISBN 1-56836-258-7.
South Africa in Contemporary Times. Godfrey Mwakikagile. New Africa Press. February 2008. 260 pages. ISBN 978-0-9802587-3-8.
The Atlas of Changing South Africa. A. J. Christopher. 1 October 2000. 216 pages. ISBN 0-415-21178-6.
The Politics of the New South Africa. Heather Deegan. 28 December 2000. 256 pages. ISBN 0-582-38227-0.
Twentieth-Century South Africa. William Beinart Oxford University Press 2001, 414 pages, ISBN 0-19-289318-1


External links



Wikimedia Commons has media related to South Africa.





Wikivoyage has a travel guide for South Africa.



Find more aboutSouth Africaat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Travel guide from Wikivoyage
Learning resources from Wikiversity



Government of South Africa
"South Africa". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. 
South Africa from UCB Libraries GovPubs
South Africa from the BBC News
 Wikimedia Atlas of South Africa







v
t
e


South Africa articles



History





Timeline
(years)




Early history
Cape Colony
Orange Free State
Transvaal
First Boer War
Second Boer War
Great Depression
World War II
Apartheid
Border War
Since 1994





By topic



Economic
Military








Geography







Districts
Earthquakes
Estuaries
Forests
Islands
Lakes
Mountain ranges
Municipalities
National parks
Populated places
Provinces
Rivers
Wildlife








Politics











Constitution
Courts
Elections
Foreign relations
Government
Human rights
Law
Parliament
Political parties
President






State security
and intelligence




Minister
Co-ordinating committee (NICC)
Intelligence agency (NIA)
Communications centre (NCC)
Communications security (COMSEC)
Secret Service (SASS)
Intelligence academy (SANAI)





Law enforcement



Department of Police
Police Service

Criminal intelligence (SAPS)
Special Task Force
National Intervention Unit
NFDD


Municipal Police
Independent Complaints Directorate
Department of Correctional Services
Biometrics use








Military



Department of Defence
Defence Force
Air Force
Army
Navy
Military Health Service
Special Forces
Commando System
Intelligence








Economy







Agriculture
Communications
Economic history
Energy
Foreign trade
Mining industry
Rand (currency)
Stock exchange
Taxation
Tourism
Trade unions
Transportation
Water and sanitation








Society







Crime
Education
Feminism
Health
Healthcare
Immigration
Intersex
Languages
LGBT
Racism
Religion
Sexual violence
Social movements
Xenophobia





Culture



Architecture
Art
Cinema
Cuisine
Flag
HIV/AIDS
Homelessness
Literature
Media
Music
Public holidays
Sports





Demographics



Asian

Indian
Chinese


Bantu

Ndebele
Pedi
Sotho
Swazi
Tsonga
Tswana
Venda
Xhosa
Zulu


Coloured

Cape Coloured
Cape Malay
Griqua


Khoisan
White

Afrikaner
British














Outline
Index



Category
Portal












v
t
e


Countries and territories of Africa



Sovereign states




entirely
in Africa



Algeria
Angola
Benin
Botswana
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Comoros
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Republic of the Congo
Djibouti
Egypt
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Ethiopia
Gabon
The Gambia
Ghana
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Ivory Coast (Côte d'Ivoire)
Kenya
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Madagascar
Malawi
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Niger
Nigeria
Rwanda
São Tomé and Príncipe
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Somalia
South Africa
South Sudan
Sudan
Swaziland
Tanzania
Togo
Tunisia
Uganda
Zambia
Zimbabwe





partly
in Africa



France

Mayotte
Réunion


Italy

Pantelleria
Pelagie Islands


Portugal

Madeira


Spain

Canary Islands
Ceuta
Melilla
Plazas de soberanía


Yemen

Socotra














Territories and
dependencies




Îles Éparses

France


Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha

UK


Southern Provinces (Western Sahara)1






States with limited
recognition




Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic
Somaliland






1 Unclear sovereignty.








Links to related articles











v
t
e


Group of Eight (G8) and Group of Eight + Five (G8+5)



G8 members



 Canada
 France
 Germany
 Italy
 Japan
 Russia
 United Kingdom
 United States





Representative



 European Union





G8+5



 Brazil
 China
 India
 Mexico
 South Africa





See also



Group of Six
Group of Seven
G7+1












v
t
e


G20 major economies






 Argentina
 Australia
 Brazil
 Canada
 China
 European Union
 France
 Germany
 India
 Indonesia
 Italy
 Japan
 Mexico
 Russia
 Saudi Arabia
 South Africa
 Republic of Korea
 Turkey
 United Kingdom
 United States












v
t
e


BRICS



Membership



 Brazil
 Russia
 India
 China
 South Africa





Summits



Yekaterinburg 2009
Brasília 2010
Sanya 2011
New Delhi 2012
Durban 2013
Fortaleza 2014
Ufa 2015
Goa 2016
Xiamen 2017





Bilateral relations



Brazil–China
Brazil–India
Brazil–Russia
Brazil–South Africa
China–India
China–Russia
China–South Africa
India–Russia
India–South Africa
Russia–South Africa





Leaders



 Temer
 Putin
 Modi
 Xi
 Zuma





Related



New Development Bank
BRICS Contingent Reserve Arrangement
BRICS Leaders
BRICS Cable
BRICS Universities League





BRICS U-17 Football Cup



2016 Goa












v
t
e


World Trade Organization



System



Accession and membership
Appellate Body
Dispute Settlement Body
International Trade Centre
Chronology of key events





Issues



Criticism
Doha Development Round
Singapore issues
Quota Elimination
Peace Clause





Agreements



General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
Agriculture
Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures
Technical Barriers to Trade
Trade Related Investment Measures
Trade in Services
Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights
Government Procurement
Information Technology
Marrakech Agreement
Doha Declaration
Bali Package





Ministerial
Conferences



1st (1996)
2nd (1998)
3rd (1999)
4th (2001)
5th (2003)
6th (2005)
7th (2009)
8th (2011)
9th (2013)
10th (2015)





People



Roberto Azevêdo (Director-General)
Pascal Lamy (former Director-General)
Supachai Panitchpakdi (former Director-General)
Deputy Directors-General:

Yonov Frederick Agah
Karl Brauner
David Shark
Yi Xiaozhun

former: Alejandro Jara
Valentine Rugwabiza
Harsha Singh
Rufus Yerxa









Members



Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
Angola
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belize
Benin
Bolivia
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Republic of the Congo
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Cuba
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
European Union¹
Fiji
Gabon
The Gambia
Georgia
Ghana
Grenada
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong²
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Israel
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
South Korea
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Lesotho
Liberia
Liechtenstein
Macau²
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Moldova
Mongolia
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nepal
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Qatar
Russia
Rwanda
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Suriname
Swaziland
Switzerland
Tajikistan
Taiwan³
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe


1. All twenty-eight member states of the European Union are also members of the WTO in their own right:

Austria
Belgium
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malta
Netherlands
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom


2. Special administrative regions of the People's Republic of China, participates as "Hong Kong, China" and "Macao China".
3. Officially the Republic of China, participates as "Separate Customs Territory of Taiwan, Penghu, Kinmen and Matsu", and "Chinese Taipei" in short.











v
t
e


Southern African Development Community (SADC)



Member states



Angola
Botswana
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Lesotho
Madagascar
Malawi
Mauritius
Mozambique
Namibia
Seychelles
South Africa
Swaziland
Tanzania
Zambia
Zimbabwe





Leaders




Chairpersons



Levy Mwanawasa
Kgalema Motlanthe





Secretaries-General



Kaire Mbuende
Prega Ramsamy
Tomaz Salomão








See also



Southern African Development Coordination Conference (forerunner)
Southern African Customs Union (SACU)
Common Monetary Area (CMA)
Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA)












v
t
e


African Union (AU)



History







Pan-Africanism
Casablanca Group
Monrovia Group
Abuja Treaty
Sirte Declaration
Lome Summit





Organisation of African Unity



Chairperson
Secretary General











Geography



Borders
Extreme points
Member states
Regions





Organs







Executive Council
Permanent Representatives' Committee
Specialized Technical Committees





Assembly



Chairperson





Commission



Chairperson
Deputy Chairperson
AUCC





Pan-African Parliament



Bureau
Secretariat
Gallagher Estate





African Court of Justice



African Court on Human and Peoples' Rights





ECOSOCC Committees



Peace and Security
Political Affairs
Infrastructure and Energy
Social Affairs and Health
HR, Sciences and Technology
Trade and Industry
Rural Economy and Agriculture
Economic Affairs
Women and Gender
Cross-Cutting Programs





Financial Institutions



African Central Bank
African Monetary Fund
African Investment Bank





Peace and Security Council



ACIRC
African Standby Force
Panel of the Wise
UNAMID
AMIB
AMIS
AMISOM
MISCA








Politics







APRM
Foreign relations
African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights
African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights
Enlargement





Symbols



Anthem
Emblem
Flag








Economy



Currencies
Development Bank
African Economic Community
NEPAD
African Free Trade Zone
Tripartite Free Trade Area





Culture



Africa Day
Languages





Theory



Afro
United States of Africa
United States of Latin Africa








 Category












v
t
e


Countries and territories bordering the Indian Ocean



Africa



Comoros
Djibouti
Egypt
Eritrea
France

Mayotte
Réunion


Kenya
Madagascar
Mauritius
Mozambique
Rodrigues (Mauritius)
Seychelles
Somalia
South Africa
Sudan
Tanzania
Zanzibar, Tanzania








Asia



Bahrain
Bangladesh
British Indian Ocean Territory

Chagos Archipelago - United Kingdom


Christmas Island (Australia)
Cocos (Keeling) Islands (Australia)
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Israel
Jordan
Kuwait
Malaysia
Maldives
Myanmar
Oman
Pakistan
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Sri Lanka
Thailand
Timor-Leste
United Arab Emirates
Yemen





Other



Antarctica

Australian Antarctic Territory
French Southern and Antarctic Lands
Heard Island and McDonald Islands


Australia












v
t
e


Peri-Antarctic countries and overseas territories






Argentina
Australia

Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Macquarie Island


Bouvet Island
Chile
Falkland Islands
French Southern and Antarctic Lands

Kerguelen Islands


New Zealand

New Zealand Subantarctic Islands


South Africa

Prince Edward Islands


South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands









"Peri-Antarctic" (meaning "close to the Antarctic") does not include territorial claims in Antarctica itself.










v
t
e


Members of the Commonwealth of Nations



Sovereign states
(Members)



Antigua and Barbuda
Australia
Bahamas
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belize
Botswana
Brunei
Cameroon
Canada
Cyprus
Dominica
Fiji
Ghana
Grenada
Guyana
India
Jamaica
Kenya
Kiribati
Lesotho
Malawi
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mozambique
Namibia
Nauru
New Zealand
Nigeria
Pakistan
Papua New Guinea
Rwanda
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Swaziland
Tanzania
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tuvalu
Uganda
United Kingdom
Vanuatu
Zambia





Dependencies
of Members




Australia



Ashmore and Cartier Islands
Australian Antarctic Territory
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Coral Sea Islands
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Norfolk Island





New Zealand



Cook Islands
Niue
Ross Dependency
Tokelau





United Kingdom



Akrotiri and Dhekelia
Anguilla
Bermuda
British Antarctic Territory
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Cayman Islands
Falkland Islands
Gibraltar
Guernsey
Isle of Man
Jersey
Montserrat
Pitcairn Islands
St. Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Turks and Caicos Islands









Source: Commonwealth Secretariat - Member States










v
t
e


English-speaking world






Click on a coloured area to see an article about English in that country or region






































































Further links







Articles



English-speaking world
History of the English language
British Empire
English in the Commonwealth of Nations





Lists



List of countries by English-speaking population
List of countries where English is an official language









 







Countries and territories where English is the national language or the native language of the majority





Africa



Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha





Americas



Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
The Bahamas
Barbados
Belize
Bermuda
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Dominica
Falkland Islands
Grenada
Guyana
Jamaica
Montserrat
Saba
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Sint Eustatius
Sint Maarten
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Trinidad and Tobago
Turks and Caicos Islands
United States
United States Virgin Islands





Europe



Guernsey
Ireland
Isle of Man
Jersey
United Kingdom





Oceania



Australia
New Zealand
Norfolk Island
Pitcairn Islands








 







Countries and territories where English is an official language, but not the majority first language





Africa



Botswana
Cameroon
The Gambia
Ghana
Kenya
Lesotho
Liberia
Malawi
Mauritius
Namibia
Nigeria
Rwanda
Sierra Leone
Somaliland
South Africa
South Sudan
Sudan
Swaziland
Tanzania
Uganda
Zambia
Zimbabwe





Americas



Puerto Rico





Asia



Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
India
Pakistan
Philippines
Singapore





Europe



Gibraltar
Malta





Oceania



American Samoa
Cook Islands
Fiji
Guam
Kiribati
Marshall Islands
Micronesia
Nauru
Niue
Northern Mariana Islands
Palau
Papua New Guinea
Samoa
Solomon Islands
Tokelau
Tuvalu
Vanuatu












Dependencies shown in italics.















Coordinates: 30°S 25°E﻿ / ﻿30°S 25°E﻿ / -30; 25



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 159069376
LCCN: n79023005
ISNI: 0000 0001 2167 3042
GND: 4078012-0
SUDOC: 028016009
BNF: cb11993638s (data)
NLA: 35513495
NDL: 00567657










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=South_Africa&oldid=792672918"					
Categories: South AfricaSouthern African countriesEnglish-speaking countries and territoriesG20 nationsLiberal democraciesMember states of the African UnionMember states of the Commonwealth of NationsMember states of the United NationsStates and territories established in 1910Commonwealth republicsAfrikaans-speaking countries and territoriesBantu countries and territoriesBRICS nationsCountries in AfricaHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksCS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listWikipedia articles incorporating a citation from the 1911 Encyclopaedia Britannica with Wikisource referencePages using citations with accessdate and no URLArticles with dead external links from June 2017Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia pages semi-protected against vandalismWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesUse dmy dates from March 2017Use South African English from September 2013All Wikipedia articles written in South African EnglishArticles containing Afrikaans-language textArticles containing non-English-language textArticles containing Sotho-language textArticles containing Southern Ndebele-language textArticles containing Swati-language textArticles containing Tsonga-language textArticles containing Tswana-language textArticles containing Venda-language textArticles containing Xhosa-language textArticles containing Zulu-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2013All articles with failed verificationArticles with failed verification from October 2011Wikipedia articles needing clarification from October 2011Pages using columns with the default column widthArticles with unsourced statements from May 2010Use South African English from July 2013Coordinates on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikinewsWikiquoteWikivoyage 



Languages


AcèhАдыгэбзэАдыгабзэAfrikaansAkanAlemannischአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةAragonésArpetanAsturianuAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaتۆرکجهBamanankanবাংলাBahasa BanjarBân-lâm-gúБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎भोजपुरीBikol CentralБългарскиBoarischབོད་ཡིགBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàЧӑвашлаCebuanoČeštinaChi-ChewaChiShonaCymraegDanskDeitschDeutschދިވެހިބަސްDiné bizaadDolnoserbskiཇོང་ཁEestiΕλληνικάEmiliàn e rumagnòlEspañolEsperantoEstremeñuEuskaraEʋegbeفارسیFiji HindiFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGagauzGàidhligGalego贛語Gĩkũyũગુજરાતીगोंयची कोंकणी / Gõychi Konknni客家語/Hak-kâ-ngîХальмг한국어HausaՀայերենहिन्दीHornjoserbsceHrvatskiIdoIgboIlokanoবিষ্ণুপ্রিয়া মণিপুরীBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueИронIsiXhosaIsiZuluÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡKapampanganКъарачай-малкъарქართულიकॉशुर / کٲشُرҚазақшаKernowekKinyarwandaKiswahiliКомиKongoKreyòl ayisyenKurdîКыргызчаLadinoЛезгиلۊری شومالیLatgaļuLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLimburgsLingálaLivvinkarjalaLa .lojban.LugandaLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMaltiMāoriमराठीმარგალურიمصرىمازِرونیBahasa MelayuBaso MinangkabauMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄MirandésМокшеньМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNāhuatlDorerin NaoeroNederlandsNedersaksiesनेपालीनेपाल भाषा日本語НохчийнNordfriiskNorfuk / PitkernNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskNouormandNovialOccitanଓଡ଼ିଆOromooOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀपालिپنجابیPapiamentuپښتوPatoisភាសាខ្មែរPiemontèisTok PisinPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsQaraqalpaqshaQırımtatarcaReo tahitiRipoarischRomânăRumantschRuna SimiРусиньскыйРусскийСаха тылаSámegiellaसंस्कृतम्SängöSarduScotsSeelterskSesothoSesotho sa LeboaSetswanaShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishسنڌيSiSwatiSlovenčinaSlovenščinaŚlůnskiSoomaaligaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitTarandíneТатарча/tatarçaతెలుగుไทยትግርኛТоҷикӣTsetsêhestâheseTshivendaತುಳುTürkçeTürkmençeУкраїнськаاردوئۇيغۇرچە / UyghurcheVahcuenghVènetoVepsän kel’Tiếng ViệtVolapükVõroWalon文言West-VlamsWinarayWolof吴语XitsongaייִדישYorùbá粵語ZazakiZeêuwsŽemaitėška中文डोटेलीKabɩyɛ 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 27 July 2017, at 22:30.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 































































2 Moroccan peacekeepers killed in Central African Republic | World | omaha.com
































You are the owner of this article.

 Edit Article
 Add New Article




















85°
























Welcome, Guest
Sign Up

                        Log In
                    





Dashboard
 Logout




My Account



My Account
 Dashboard
 Profile
 Saved items

 Logout








































                                News
                            



                                        Omaha Metro
                                    


                                        Crime/Courts/Public safety
                                    


                                        Weather
                                    


                                        Nebraska
                                    


                                        Iowa
                                    


                                        Legislature
                                    


                                        Politics
                                    


                                        2017 Omaha election
                                    


                                        Education
                                    


                                        Military
                                    


                                        Good News
                                    


                                        Dataomaha
                                    


                                        Record
                                    


                                        National
                                    


                                        World
                                    


                                        Special Sections
                                    





                                Sports
                            



                                        Big Red Today
                                    


                                        Bluejays Today
                                    


                                        Mavs Today
                                    


                                        Prep Zone
                                    


                                        NebHSRecruiting.com
                                    


                                        The Bottom Line
                                    


                                        College World Series
                                    


                                        Midlands Colleges
                                    


                                        Outdoors
                                    


                                        Lancers
                                    


                                        Storm Chasers
                                    


                                        National
                                    


                                        Golf
                                    


                                        Blogs
                                    


                                        Shatel
                                    





                                Money
                            



                                        Warren Buffett
                                    


                                        Inside Business
                                    


                                        Stocks
                                    


                                        Agriculture
                                    





                                Entertainment
                            



                                        Arts
                                    


                                        Dining
                                    


                                        Movies
                                    


                                        Music
                                    


                                        Nightlife
                                    


                                        TV
                                    


                                        Dining reviews
                                    


                                        Food Prowl: Omaha's best
                                    





                                Living
                            



                                        The Better Half
                                    


                                        Momaha
                                    


                                        Good News
                                    


                                        Health & Fitness
                                    


                                        Inspired Living
                                    


                                        Wedding Essentials
                                    


                                        Let's Celebrate
                                    


                                        NE Passport Adventures
                                    


                                        Omaha: We Don't Coast
                                    


                                        Special sections
                                    





                                Health & Fitness
                            



                                        Fitness
                                    


                                        Nutrition
                                    


                                        Sex & Relationships
                                    


                                        Health
                                    


                                        Inspiration
                                    


                                        Meet Me at the Gym
                                    


                                        Race photos
                                    


                                        Live Well Nebraska Magazine
                                    


                                        Live Well Challenge
                                    


                                        Race calendar
                                    


                                        Consumer
                                    



                                Momaha
                            






                                Opinion
                            



                                        Jeff Koterba cartoons
                                    


                                        World-Herald Editorials
                                    


                                        Public Pulse
                                    


                                        Syndicated columnists
                                    


                                        Midlands Voices
                                    


                                        Koterba Caption Contest
                                    



                                ePaper
                            




                                Obits
                            




                                Celebrations
                            






                                Columnists
                            



                                        Brad Dickson
                                    


                                        Erin Grace
                                    


                                        Matthew Hansen
                                    


                                        Michael Kelly
                                    


                                        Tom Shatel
                                    



                                Good News
                            




                                Nation
                            




                                World
                            




                                Video
                            




                                Photos
                            




                                Calendar
                            




                                Weather
                            




                                Contests
                            




                                Special Sections
                            




                                Inspired Living Omaha
                            




                                Wedding Essentials
                            




                                Bellevue Leader
                            




                                Gretna Breeze
                            




                                Papillion Times
                            




                                Ralston Recorder
                            




                                In The Game
                            




                                World-Herald Archives
                            






                                Customer Service
                            



                                        User Dashboard
                                    


                                        Subscribe
                                    


                                        Contact us
                                    


                                        Online bill payment
                                    


                                        Delivery concerns
                                    


                                        Subscriber Services
                                    


                                        Sarpy Subscriber Services
                                    


                                        Single copy locations
                                    


                                        Email newsletters
                                    


                                        World-Herald apps
                                    


                                        Become a carrier
                                    


                                        Goodfellows
                                    


                                        Newspaper in Education
                                    


                                        Help / FAQ
                                    


                                        Newsroom staff
                                    


                                        OWH Rewards
                                    



                                Autos
                            




                                Classifieds
                            




                                Daily Deals
                            




                                FindIt
                            




                                Homes
                            






                                Jobs
                            



                                        Search job listings
                                    


                                        Join the BH Media Team
                                    



                                Inside Business
                            




                                Legal & Public Notices
                            




                                Weekly ads
                            




                                World-Herald Store
                            




                                Advertise with us
                            




                                OWH Rewards
                            

















Sign Up

                        Log In
                    





Dashboard
  Logout







My Account
 Dashboard
 Profile
 Saved items

 Logout




























85°
Broken Clouds 







 



                                
                                    Omaha, NE
                                
                                 (68102)

Today
Partly cloudy.
Tonight
Some clouds this evening will give way to mainly clear skies overnight. Low 64F. Winds light and variable.
 Updated: July 27, 2017 @ 5:52 pm



 Full Forecast



































Search





































LATEST








        

        
        Construction crew ruptures same gas line that fueled M's Pub blaze; MUD repairs it








































AP


        
        2 Moroccan peacekeepers killed in Central African Republic
    



            Jul 26, 2017
        Updated Jul 26, 2017

 (…)


























































































DAKAR, Senegal (AP) — The U.N. peacekeeping mission in Central African Republic says two Moroccan peacekeepers have been killed in a southeastern town where another Moroccan was killed Sunday.A statement says the two peacekeepers were killed by suspected anti-Balaka militia while another peacekeeper was injured. They had been restocking water for the town's humanitarian needs when they were attacked.
Hundreds of people have been killed in Central African Republic and roughly 100,000 displaced in the past two months. Sectarian violence that began in 2013 has moved into the impoverished country's central and southeastern regions, prompting warnings of a national conflict roaring back to life.In Bangassou alone, more than 150 people have died in fighting between militias and U.N. peacekeeping forces.
The U.N. says nine peacekeepers have been killed in Bangassou this year.







Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.



                            © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
                        
















































Tags


General News


Peacekeeping Forces


Armed Forces


Military And Defense


Government And Politics




Locations

Senegal
West Africa
Africa
Morocco
North Africa
Central African Republic
Central Africa


















                
                Featured Businesses
                
            

































        

        
        Cutler-O'Neill-Meyer-Woodring Funeral Home



                                    	545 Willow Ave, Council Bluffs, IA 51503
                                    




                                    
                                    712-322-7779
                                    
                                        

































        

        
        Woodhouse Porsche of Omaha



                                    	6625 L Street, Omaha, NE 68117
                                    




                                    
                                    402-592-1000
                                    
                                        

Currently Open































        

        
        Woodhouse Chrysler Dodge Jeep Ram Fiat of Sioux City



                                    	2101 6th Street, Sioux City, IA 51101
                                    




                                    
                                    712-277-3221
                                    
                                        

Currently Open































        

        
        Papio Fun Park



                                    	210 E Lincoln St, Papillion, NE 68046
                                    




                                    
                                    402-592-5671
                                    
                                        

Currently Open































        

        
        Foodbank for The Heartland



                                    	10525 J St, Omaha, NE 68127
                                    




                                    
                                    402-331-1213
                                    
                                        




































        

        
        Salon for Women



                                    	16909 Lakeside Hills Plaza #116, Omaha, NE 68130
                                    




                                    
                                    402-506-6759
                                    
                                        
















loading...









                
                Today's ePaper
                
                    



















        

        
        Omaha World-Herald Sunrise Edition




Omaha World-Herald

Subscriber services

ePaper online

Subscriber log in
Demo ePaper
TV Listings

Print edition

Subscribe for delivery
Single copy locations















                
                In Case You Missed It
                
            




















        

        
        Make a lemonade stand, go to a fairytale ball plus more than 20 other fun things to do this weekend





















        

        
        'The Good Life': 50-plus things to do across Nebraska





















        

        
        Nebraska singer who died in weekend accident was 'full of promise,' planned move to Nashville





















        

        
        Pair of Beatles fans 'go nuts' when Paul McCartney offers helping hand in on-stage proposal





















        

        
        Plans for former Civic Auditorium site get initial OK from City Council; no discussion on possible library





















        

        
        12 huge local concerts in 17 days: What you need to know about the August music calendar





















        

        
        Interactive map: The Aug. 21 eclipse's path across Nebraska





















        

        
        Photos: The Henry Doorly Zoo through the years





















        

        
        Loosen the ol' belt: 8 new Iowa State Fair foods your diet will hate you for





















        

        
        Japanese beetle swarms are worse than ever this year, and there's not much you can do about them


































































The Insurance Industry in the Central African Republic, Key Trends and Opportunities to 2021 - MarketWatch

















































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings




















press release


					July 27, 2017, 4:21 p.m. EDT
				
The Insurance Industry in the Central African Republic, Key Trends and Opportunities to 2021
























LONDON, July 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ --         Synopsis
Timetric's 'The Insurance Industry in the Central African Republic, Key Trends and Opportunities to 2021' report provides detailed analysis of the market trends, drivers and challenges in the Central African Republic insurance industry.


                                        








Download the full report:         https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4035084/
 


                                        








It provides key performance indicators such as written premium, incurred loss, loss ratio, commissions and expenses, total assets, total investment income and retentions during the review period (2012–2016) and forecast period (2016–2021).


                                        








The report also analyzes distribution channels operating in the segment, gives a comprehensive overview of the Central African Republic economy and demographics, and provides detailed information on the competitive landscape in the country.


                                        








The report brings together Timetric's research, modeling and analysis expertise, giving insurers access to information on segment dynamics and competitive advantages, and profiles of insurers operating in the country. The report also includes details of insurance regulations, and recent changes in the regulatory structure.


                                        

Summary
Timetric's 'The Insurance Industry in the Central African Republic, Key Trends and Opportunities to 2021' report provides in-depth market analysis, information and insights into the Central African Republic insurance industry, including:


                                        








The Central African Republic insurance industry's growth prospects by segment and category


                                        








A comprehensive overview of the Central African Republic economy and demographics


                                        








The detailed competitive landscape in the Central African Republic insurance industry


                                        








The various distribution channels in the Central African Republic insurance industry


                                        








Detailed regulatory policies of the Central African Republic insurance industry


                                        








Analysis of natural hazards in the Central African Republic insurance industry


                                        

Scope
This report provides a comprehensive analysis of the insurance industry in the Central African Republic:


                                        








It provides historical values for the Central African Republic insurance industry for the report's 2012–2016 review period, and projected figures for the 2016–2021 forecast period.


                                        








It offers a detailed analysis of the key segments in the Central African Republic insurance industry, along with market forecasts until 2021.


                                        








It covers an exhaustive list of parameters, including written premium, incurred loss, loss ratio, combined ratio, total assets, total investment income and retentions.


                                        








It analyzes the various distribution channels in the Central African Republic.


                                        








It profiles the top insurance companies in the Central African Republic, and outlines the key regulations affecting them.


                                        

Reasons To Buy
- Make strategic business decisions using in-depth historic and forecast market data related to the Central African Republic insurance industry and each segment and category within it.


                                        








Understand the demand-side dynamics, key market trends and growth opportunities in the Central African Republic insurance industry.


                                        








Assess the competitive dynamics in the Central African Republic insurance industry.


                                        








Identify the growth opportunities and market dynamics in key segments.


                                        








Gain insights into key regulations governing the Central African Republic insurance industry and their impact on companies and the industry's future.


                                        

Key Highlights
- On April 8, 2016, new solvency guidelines for the calculation of margins for life and supplementary health insurance were introduced.


                                        








In May 2015, the World Bank approved XAF7.1 billion (US$12.0 million) for expanding the health care system of the Central African Republic.


                                        








As of June 2016, the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) provided XAF35.2 billion (US$56.0 million) to support families displaced due to political unrest.


                                        








Download the full report:         https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4035084/









About Reportbuyer        
Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers        
http://www.reportbuyer.com









For more information:         
Sarah Smith        
Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com         
Email:         query@reportbuyer.com

Tel: +44 208 816 85 48        
Website:         www.reportbuyer.com









View original content:        http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-insurance-industry-in-the-central-african-republic-key-trends-and-opportunities-to-2021-300495721.html









SOURCE  ReportBuyer


                                        








Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved
                    








































Most Popular





1.






The dark side of cruises






2.






Coca-Cola to replace Coke Zero in U.S.






3.





Market Snapshot

Dow ends at record, but tech slump weighs on S&P 500, Nasdaq






4.






If you can buy only one stock or ETF, make it this one






5.





Barron's Buzz

How to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay








Find a Broker

Partner Center »























Featured Stories





Seeing America again through new eyes







How to dig yourself out of debt







Move over, Tesla? Karma unveils its hybrid sports car







The salary you need to afford a home in these 25 cities







Why OPEC will never cut production again













Log In




7:57 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:57aXL Group stock price target raised to $52 from $45 at J.P. Morgan
7:57aAbbVie shares surge 2% on Q2 profit, revenue beats
7:56aRenaissanceRe downgraded to neutral from overweight at J.P. Morgan
7:56aXL Group upgraded to overweight from neutral at J.P. Morgan
7:54aStarbucks stock price target cut to $62 from $63 at J.P. Morgan
7:53aGoodyear Tire's stock dives after slashed profit outlook offsets in-line earnings
7:52aWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
7:51aStock market set to extend fresh tech rout as Amazon disappoints; GDP data ahead
7:49aShares of video game maker Activision Blizzard down more than 1% 
7:49aIntel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’
7:48aAaron's shares up nearly 6% in Friday premarket trading
7:48aAmazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift
7:46aAbbVie shares up 1.8% in premarket trade
7:46aAbbVie still sees full-year adj. EPS $5.44 to $5.54
7:46aAbbVie still sees full-year EPS $4.55 to $4.65
7:45aAbbVie Q2 revenue $6.94 bln vs. $6.45 bln; FactSet consensus $6.93 bln
7:44aAbbVie Q2 adj. EPS $1.42; FactSet consensus $1.40
7:44aGoodyear's stock plunges 9.1% premarket after Q2 results
7:44aAbbVie Q2 EPS $1.19 vs. 98 cents
7:44aGoodyear cuts 2017 segment operating income outlook to $1.60 bln-$1.65 bln from $2.0 bln
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


































































OEC

 - Central African Republic (CAF) Exports, Imports, and Trade Partners































Share
×


Short URL

Embed

Social Media












Download
×



 SVG
          

 PNG
          

 CSV
          









Home


Countries


Products


Visualizations


Rankings



Countries


Products





Publications


About



Data


Methodology


The Site


Permissions


FAQs





API














      Central African Republic
    





          
            $148M
          
        

          Exports
          
          178th of 221




1980
2015





          
            $574M
          
        

          Imports
          
          180th of 221




1980
2015





          
            $618
          
        

          GDP Per Capita
          
          182nd of 184




1990
2015





Photo by 16:9clue
    





















Visualizations
Exports
Imports
Trade Balance
Destinations
Origins
Product Space
Complexity and Income Inequality
DataViva
Pantheon




The Central African Republic is the 178th largest export economy in the world. In 2015, the Central African Republic exported $148M and imported $574M, resulting in a negative trade balance of $425M. In 2015 the GDP of the Central African Republic was $1.58B and its GDP per capita was $618.
The top exports of the Central African Republic are Delivery Trucks ($39.2M), Rough Wood ($34.6M), Vehicle Parts ($33.1M), Sawn Wood ($22.4M) and Explosive Ammunition ($2.99M), using the 1992 revision of the HS (Harmonized System) classification. Its top imports are Military Weapons ($59.1M), Household Washing Machines ($38.3M), Prefabricated Buildings ($28.8M), Packaged Medicaments ($27.7M) and Telephones ($23.7M).
The top export destinations of the Central African Republic are France ($66M), China ($26.8M), Chad ($11.1M), Cameroon ($8.67M) and Morocco ($5.6M). The top import origins are France ($93.4M), the United States ($79.4M), Zambia ($53.2M), Egypt ($38.5M) and China ($38.4M).
The Central African Republic borders Cameroon, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Republic of the Congo, Sudan, South Sudan and Chad.









Exports
In 2015 the Central African Republic exported $148M, making it the 178th largest exporter in the world. During the last five years the exports of the Central African Republic have decreased at an annualized rate of -0.6%, from $112M in 2010 to $148M in 2015. The most recent exports are led by Delivery Trucks which represent 26.3% of the total exports of the Central African Republic, followed by Rough Wood, which account for 23.3%.

Explore on Visualizations page 






























Imports
In 2015 the Central African Republic imported $574M, making it the 180th largest importer in the world. During the last five years the imports of the Central African Republic have increased at an annualized rate of 3.2%, from $488M in 2010 to $574M in 2015. The most recent imports are led by Military Weapons which represent 10.3% of the total imports of the Central African Republic, followed by Household Washing Machines, which account for 6.66%.

Explore on Visualizations page 






























Trade Balance
As of 2015 the Central African Republic had a negative trade balance of $425M in net imports. As compared to their trade balance in 1995 when they still had a negative trade balance of $187M in net imports.

Explore on Visualizations page 






























Destinations
The top export destinations of the Central African Republic are France ($66M), China ($26.8M), Chad ($11.1M), Cameroon ($8.67M) and Morocco ($5.6M).

Explore on Visualizations page 






























Origins
The top import origins of the Central African Republic are France ($93.4M), the United States ($79.4M), Zambia ($53.2M), Egypt ($38.5M) and China ($38.4M).

Explore on Visualizations page 






























Economic Complexity of the Central African Republic



Product Space
The product space is a network connecting products that are likely to be co-exported and can be used to predict the evolution of a country’s export structure.the Central African Republic exports 37 products with revealed comparative advantage (meaning that its share of global exports is larger than what would be expected from the size of its export economy and from the size of a product’s global market).

Explore on Visualizations page 






























Complexity and Income Inequality
In this version of the product space products are colored according to their Product Gini Index, or PGI. The PGI of a product is the level of income inequality that we expect for the countries that export a product. For more information see: Linking Economic Complexity, Institutions and Income Inequality and The structural constraints of income inequality in Latin America.

Explore on Visualizations page 






























More on the Central African Republic from our other sites







Brazilian Municipalities that import from the Central African Republic
This treemap shows the municipalities in Brazil that imported products from the Central African Republic.
DataViva is a visualization tool that provides official data on trade, industries, and education throughout Brazil. If you would like more info or to create a similar site get in touch with us at oec@media.mit.edu.
Explore on DataViva 








Brazilian Municipalities that export to the Central African Republic
This treemap shows the municipalities in Brazil that exported products to the Central African Republic.
Explore on DataViva 












Globally Famous People of the Central African Republic
This treemap shows the cultural exports of the Central African Republic, as proxied by the production of globally famous historical characters
Explore on Pantheon 








Globally Famous People of the Central African Republic by City
This treemap shows the cultural exports of the Central African Republic by city, as proxied by the production of globally famous historical characters.
Explore on Pantheon 












      Burkina Faso
    






      Cote d'Ivoire
    











[ esc ]





No Filter
Countries
Products
Visualizations














South Africa - Wikipedia




















 







South Africa

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the modern country. For other uses, see South Africa (disambiguation).





Republic of South Africa

10 other official names:[1]
Republiek van Suid-Afrika  (Afrikaans)
Repabliki ya Afrika-Borwa  (Northern Sotho)
Rephaboliki ya Afrika Borwa  (Sotho)
iRiphabliki yeSewula Afrika  (Southern Ndebele)
iRiphabhulikhi yeNingizimu Afrika  (Swati)
Riphabliki ra Afrika Dzonga  (Tsonga)
Rephaboliki ya Aforika Borwa  (Tswana)
Riphabuḽiki ya Afurika Tshipembe  (Venda)
iRiphabliki yomZantsi Afrika  (Xhosa)
iRiphabhuliki yaseNingizimu Afrika  (Zulu)










Flag



Coat of arms






Motto: "!ke e: ǀxarra ǁke" (ǀXam)
"Unity in Diversity"




Anthem: National anthem of South Africa

















Location of  South Africa  (dark blue)
in the African Union  (light blue)








Capital



Pretoria (executive)
Bloemfontein (judicial)
Cape Town (legislative)





Largest city
Johannesburg[2]


Official languages

[Note 1]

11 languages

Afrikaans
Northern Sotho
English
Southern Ndebele
Southern Sotho
Swazi
Tsonga
Tswana
Venda
Xhosa
Zulu





Ethnic groups (2014[3])



80.2% Black
8.8% Coloured
8.4% White
2.5% Asian





Religion
See Religion in South Africa


Demonym
South African


Government
Unitary parliamentary constitutional republic



• President

Jacob Zuma



• Deputy President

Cyril Ramaphosa


Legislature
Parliament



• Upper house

National Council



• Lower house

National Assembly


Independence from the United Kingdom



• Union

31 May 1910



• Self-governance

11 December 1931



• Republic

31 May 1961



• Current constitution

4 February 1997


Area



• Total

1,221,037 km2 (471,445 sq mi) (24th)



• Water (%)

negligible


Population



• 2015 estimate

54,956,900[4] (25th)



• 2011 census

51,770,560[5]:18



• Density

42.4/km2 (109.8/sq mi) (169th)


GDP (PPP)
2016 estimate



• Total

$742.461 billion[6] (30th)



• Per capita

$13,321[6] (90th)


GDP (nominal)
2016 estimate



• Total

$326.541 billion[6] (35th)



• Per capita

$5,859[6] (88th)


Gini (2009)
63.1[7]
very high


HDI (2014)
 0.666[8]
medium · 116th


Currency
South African rand (ZAR)


Time zone
SAST (UTC+2)


Drives on the
left


Calling code
+27


ISO 3166 code
ZA


Internet TLD
.za


South Africa, officially the Republic of South Africa (RSA), is the southernmost country in Africa. It is bounded on the south by 2,798 kilometres (1,739 mi) of coastline of Southern Africa stretching along the South Atlantic and Indian Oceans;[9][10][11] on the north by the neighbouring countries of Namibia, Botswana, and Zimbabwe; and on the east and northeast by Mozambique and Swaziland; and surrounds the kingdom of Lesotho.[12] South Africa is the 25th-largest country in the world by land area, and with close to 56,000,000 people, is the world's 24th-most populous nation. It is the southernmost country on the mainland of the Old World or the Eastern Hemisphere. About 80% of South Africans are of Sub-Saharan African ancestry,[5] divided among a variety of ethnic groups speaking different Bantu languages, nine of which have official status.[11] The remaining population consists of Africa's largest communities of European (white), Asian (Indian), and multiracial (coloured) ancestry.
South Africa is a multiethnic society encompassing a wide variety of cultures, languages, and religions. Its pluralistic makeup is reflected in the constitution's recognition of eleven official languages, which is among the highest number of any country in the world.[11] Two of these languages are of European origin: Afrikaans developed from Dutch and serves as the first language of most white and coloured South Africans; English reflects the legacy of British colonialism, and is commonly used in public and commercial life, though it is fourth-ranked as a spoken first language.[11] The country is one of the few in Africa never to have had a coup d'état, and regular elections have been held for almost a century. However, the vast majority of Black South Africans were not enfranchised until 1994. During the twentieth century, the Black majority sought to recover its rights from the dominant White minority, with this struggle playing a large role in the country's recent history and politics. The National Party imposed the apartheid system in 1948, institutionalising previous racial segregation. After a long and sometimes violent struggle by the African National Congress and other anti-apartheid activists both inside and outside the country, discriminatory laws began to be repealed or abolished from 1990 onwards.
Since 1994, all ethnic and linguistic groups have held political representation in the country's democracy, which comprises a parliamentary republic and nine provinces. South Africa is often referred to as the "Rainbow Nation" to describe the country's multicultural diversity, especially in the wake of apartheid.[13] The World Bank classifies South Africa as an upper-middle-income economy, and a newly industrialised country.[14][15] Its economy is the second-largest in Africa, and the 34th-largest in the world.[6] In terms of purchasing power parity, South Africa has the seventh-highest per capita income in Africa. However, poverty and inequality remain widespread, with about a quarter of the population unemployed and living on less than US$1.25 a day.[16][17] Nevertheless, South Africa has been identified as a middle power in international affairs, and maintains significant regional influence.[18][19]



Contents


1 Name
2 History

2.1 Prehistoric finds
2.2 Bantu expansion
2.3 Portuguese contacts
2.4 Dutch colonisation
2.5 British colonisation

2.5.1 Independence
2.5.2 Beginning of apartheid


2.6 Republic

2.6.1 End of apartheid




3 Geography

3.1 Climate
3.2 Biodiversity

3.2.1 Animals
3.2.2 Fungi
3.2.3 Plants


3.3 Conservation issues


4 Politics and government

4.1 Law
4.2 Foreign relations
4.3 Military
4.4 Administrative divisions


5 Economy

5.1 Labour market
5.2 Science and technology
5.3 Water supply and sanitation


6 Demographics

6.1 Languages
6.2 Urban centres
6.3 Religion


7 Culture

7.1 Arts
7.2 Popular culture
7.3 Cuisine
7.4 Sports


8 Education
9 Health

9.1 HIV/AIDS


10 See also
11 Notes
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Name
See also: Official names of South Africa
The name "South Africa" is derived from the country's geographic location at the southern tip of Africa. Upon formation the country was named the Union of South Africa in English, reflecting its origin from the unification of four formerly separate British colonies. Since 1961 the long form name in English has been the "Republic of South Africa". In Dutch the country was named Republiek van Zuid-Afrika, replaced in 1983 by the Afrikaans Republiek van Suid-Afrika. Since 1994 the Republic has had an official name in each of its 11 official languages.
Mzansi, derived from the Xhosa noun umzantsi meaning "south", is a colloquial name for South Africa,[20][21] while some Pan-Africanist political parties prefer the term "Azania".[22]
History
Main article: History of South Africa
Prehistoric finds
South Africa contains some of the oldest archaeological and human fossil sites in the world.[23][24][25] Extensive fossil remains have been recovered from a series of caves in Gauteng Province. The area is a UNESCO World Heritage site and has been termed the Cradle of Humankind. The sites include Sterkfontein, which is one of the richest hominin fossil sites in the world. Other sites include Swartkrans, Gondolin Cave Kromdraai, Coopers Cave and Malapa. The first hominin fossil discovered in Africa, the Taung Child was found near Taung in 1924. Further hominin remains have been recovered from the sites of Makapansgat in Limpopo, Cornelia and Florisbad in the Free State, Border Cave in KwaZulu-Natal, Klasies River Mouth in eastern Cape and Pinnacle Point, Elandsfontein and Die Kelders Cave in Western Cape. These sites suggest that various hominid species existed in South Africa from about three million years ago starting with Australopithecus africanus.[26] These were succeeded by various species, including Australopithecus sediba, Homo ergaster, Homo erectus, Homo rhodesiensis, Homo helmei, Homo naledi and modern humans, Homo sapiens. Modern humans have inhabited Southern Africa for at least 170,000 years.
Within the Vaal River valley, pebble tools have been located.[27]
Bantu expansion




Mapungubwe Hill, the site of the former capital of the Kingdom of Mapungubwe


Settlements of Bantu-speaking peoples, who were iron-using agriculturists and herdsmen, were already present south of the Limpopo River (now the northern border with Botswana and Zimbabwe) by the 4th or 5th century CE. (See Bantu expansion.) They displaced, conquered and absorbed the original Khoisan speakers, the Khoikhoi and San peoples. The Bantu slowly moved south. The earliest ironworks in modern-day KwaZulu-Natal Province are believed to date from around 1050. The southernmost group was the Xhosa people, whose language incorporates certain linguistic traits from the earlier Khoisan people. The Xhosa reached the Great Fish River, in today's Eastern Cape Province. As they migrated, these larger Iron Age populations displaced or assimilated earlier peoples. In Mpumalanga, several stone circles have been found along with the stone arrangement that has been named Adam's Calendar.
Portuguese contacts
At the time of European contact, the dominant ethnic group were Bantu-speaking peoples who had migrated from other parts of Africa about one thousand years before. The two major historic groups were the Xhosa and Zulu peoples.
In 1487, the Portuguese explorer Bartolomeu Dias led the first European voyage to land in southern Africa.[28] On 4 December, he landed at Walfisch Bay (now known as Walvis Bay in present-day Namibia). This was south of the furthest point reached in 1485 by his predecessor, the Portuguese navigator Diogo Cão (Cape Cross, north of the bay). Dias continued down the western coast of southern Africa. After 8 January 1488, prevented by storms from proceeding along the coast, he sailed out of sight of land and passed the southernmost point of Africa without seeing it. He reached as far up the eastern coast of Africa as, what he called, Rio do Infante, probably the present-day Groot River, in May 1488, but on his return he saw the Cape, which he first named Cabo das Tormentas (Cape of Storms). His King, John II, renamed the point Cabo da Boa Esperança, or Cape of Good Hope, as it led to the riches of the East Indies.[29] Dias' feat of navigation was later immortalised in Luís de Camões' Portuguese epic poem, The Lusiads (1572).
Dutch colonisation
See also: History of Cape Colony and Dutch Cape Colony




Charles Davidson Bell's 19th-century painting of Jan van Riebeeck, who founded the first European settlement in South Africa, arrives in Table Bay in 1652.


By the early 17th century, Portugal's maritime power was starting to decline, and English and Dutch merchants competed to oust Lisbon from its lucrative monopoly on the spice trade.[30] Representatives of the British East India Company did call sporadically at the Cape in search of provisions as early as 1601, but later came to favour Ascension Island and St. Helena as alternative ports of refuge.[31] Dutch interest was aroused after 1647, when two employees of the Dutch East India Company (VOC) were shipwrecked there for several months. The sailors were able to survive by obtaining fresh water and meat from the natives.[31] They also sowed vegetables in the fertile soil.[32] Upon their return to Holland they reported favourably on the Cape's potential as a "warehouse and garden" for provisions to stock passing ships for long voyages.[31]
In 1652, a century and a half after the discovery of the Cape sea route, Jan van Riebeeck established a victualing station at the Cape of Good Hope, at what would become Cape Town, on behalf of the Dutch East India Company.[33][34] In time, the Cape become home to a large population of "vrijlieden", also known as "vrijburgers" (free citizens), former Company employees who stayed in Dutch territories overseas after serving their contracts.[34] Dutch traders also imported thousands of slaves to the fledgling colony from Indonesia, Madagascar, and parts of eastern Africa.[35] Some of the earliest mixed race communities in the country were later formed through unions between vrijburgers, their slaves, and various indigenous peoples.[36] This led to the development of a new ethnic group, the Cape Coloureds, most of whom adopted the Dutch language and Christian faith.[36]
The eastward expansion of Dutch colonists ushered in a series of wars with the southwesterly migrating Xhosa tribe, as both sides competed for the pastureland necessary to graze their cattle near the Great Fish River.[37] Vrijburgers who became independent farmers on the frontier were known as Boers, with some adopting semi-nomadic lifestyles being denoted as trekboers.[37] The Boers formed loose militias, which they termed commandos, and forged alliances with Khoisan groups to repel Xhosa raids.[37] Both sides launched bloody but inconclusive offensives, and sporadic violence, often accompanied by livestock theft, remained common for several decades.[37]
British colonisation
Great Britain occupied Cape Town between 1795 and 1803 to prevent it from falling under the control of the French First Republic, which had invaded the Low Countries.[37] Despite briefly returning to Dutch rule under the Batavian Republic in 1803, the Cape was occupied again by the British in 1806.[38] Following the end of the Napoleonic Wars, it was formally ceded to Great Britain and became an integral part of the British Empire.[39] British immigration to South Africa began around 1818, subsequently culminating in the arrival of the 1820 Settlers.[39] The new colonists were induced to settle for a variety of reasons, namely to increase the size of the European workforce and to bolster frontier regions against Xhosa incursions.[39]




Depiction of a Zulu attack on a Boer camp in February 1838


In the first two decades of the 19th century, the Zulu people grew in power and expanded their territory under their leader, Shaka.[40] Shaka's warfare led indirectly to the Mfecane ("crushing") that devastated and depopulated the inland plateau in the early 1820s.[41][42] An offshoot of the Zulu, the Matabele people created a larger empire that included large parts of the highveld under their king Mzilikazi.
During the early 1800s, many Dutch settlers departed from the Cape Colony, where they had been subjected to British control. They migrated to the future Natal, Orange Free State, and Transvaal regions. The Boers founded the Boer Republics: the South African Republic (now Gauteng, Limpopo, Mpumalanga and North West provinces) and the Orange Free State (Free State).
The discovery of diamonds in 1867 and gold in 1884 in the interior started the Mineral Revolution and increased economic growth and immigration. This intensified British efforts to gain control over the indigenous peoples. The struggle to control these important economic resources was a factor in relations between Europeans and the indigenous population and also between the Boers and the British.[43]
The Anglo-Zulu War was fought in 1879 between the British Empire and the Zulu Kingdom. Following Lord Carnarvon's successful introduction of federation in Canada, it was thought that similar political effort, coupled with military campaigns, might succeed with the African kingdoms, tribal areas and Boer republics in South Africa. In 1874, Sir Henry Bartle Frere was sent to South Africa as High Commissioner for the British Empire to bring such plans into being. Among the obstacles were the presence of the independent states of the South African Republic and the Kingdom of Zululand and its army. The Zulu nation spectacularly defeated the British at the Battle of Isandlwana. Eventually though the war was lost resulting in the end of the Zulu nation's independence.




Boers in combat (1881)


The Boer Republics successfully resisted British encroachments during the First Boer War (1880–1881) using guerrilla warfare tactics, which were well suited to local conditions. The British returned with greater numbers, more experience, and new strategy in the Second Boer War (1899–1902) but suffered heavy casualties through attrition; nonetheless, they were ultimately successful.
Independence
Within the country, anti-British policies among white South Africans focused on independence. During the Dutch and British colonial years, racial segregation was mostly informal, though some legislation was enacted to control the settlement and movement of native people, including the Native Location Act of 1879 and the system of pass laws.[44][45][46][47][48]
Eight years after the end of the Second Boer War and after four years of negotiation, an act of the British Parliament (South Africa Act 1909) granted nominal independence, while creating the Union of South Africa on 31 May 1910. The Union was a dominion that included the former territories of the Cape and Natal colonies, as well as the republics of Orange Free State and Transvaal.[49]
The Natives' Land Act of 1913 severely restricted the ownership of land by blacks; at that stage natives controlled only 7% of the country. The amount of land reserved for indigenous peoples was later marginally increased.[50]
In 1931 the union was fully sovereign from the United Kingdom with the passage of the Statute of Westminster, which abolished the last powers of the British Government on the country. In 1934, the South African Party and National Party merged to form the United Party, seeking reconciliation between Afrikaners and English-speaking "Whites". In 1939 the party split over the entry of the Union into World War II as an ally of the United Kingdom, a move which the National Party followers strongly opposed.
Beginning of apartheid




"For use by white persons" – apartheid sign


In 1948, the National Party was elected to power. It strengthened the racial segregation begun under Dutch and British colonial rule. The Nationalist Government classified all peoples into three races and developed rights and limitations for each. The white minority (less than 20%[51]) controlled the vastly larger black majority. The legally institutionalised segregation became known as apartheid. While whites enjoyed the highest standard of living in all of Africa, comparable to First World Western nations, the black majority remained disadvantaged by almost every standard, including income, education, housing, and life expectancy. The Freedom Charter, adopted in 1955 by the Congress Alliance, demanded a non-racial society and an end to discrimination.
Republic
On 31 May 1961, the country became a republic following a referendum in which white voters narrowly voted in favour thereof (the British-dominated Natal province rallied against the issue).[52] Queen Elizabeth II was stripped of the title Queen of South Africa, and the last Governor-General, namely Charles Robberts Swart, became State President. As a concession to the Westminster system, the presidency remained parliamentary appointed and virtually powerless until P. W. Botha's Constitution Act of 1983, which (intact in these regards) eliminated the office of Prime Minister and instated a near-unique "strong presidency" responsible to parliament. Pressured by other Commonwealth of Nations countries, South Africa withdrew from the organisation in 1961, and rejoined it only in 1994.
Despite opposition both within and outside the country, the government legislated for a continuation of apartheid. The security forces cracked down on internal dissent, and violence became widespread, with anti-apartheid organisations such as the African National Congress, the Azanian People's Organisation, and the Pan-Africanist Congress carrying out guerrilla warfare[53] and urban sabotage.[54] The three rival resistance movements also engaged in occasional inter-factional clashes as they jockeyed for domestic influence.[55] Apartheid became increasingly controversial, and several countries began to boycott business with the South African government because of its racial policies. These measures were later extended to international sanctions and the divestment of holdings by foreign investors.[56][57]




F. W. de Klerk and Nelson Mandela shake hands in January 1992


In the late 1970s, South Africa initiated a programme of nuclear weapons development. In the following decade, it produced six deliverable nuclear weapons.[58][59]
End of apartheid
The Mahlabatini Declaration of Faith, signed by Mangosuthu Buthelezi and Harry Schwarz in 1974, enshrined the principles of peaceful transition of power and equality for all, the first of such agreements by black and white political leaders in South Africa. Ultimately, F. W. de Klerk opened bilateral discussions with Nelson Mandela in 1993 for a transition of policies and government.
In 1990 the National Party government took the first step towards dismantling discrimination when it lifted the ban on the African National Congress and other political organisations. It released Nelson Mandela from prison after twenty-seven years' serving a sentence for sabotage. A negotiation process followed. With approval from a predominantly white referendum, the government repealed apartheid legislation. South Africa also destroyed its nuclear arsenal and acceded to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty. South Africa held its first universal elections in 1994, which the ANC won by an overwhelming majority. It has been in power ever since. The country rejoined the Commonwealth of Nations and became a member of the Southern African Development Community (SADC).




Nelson Mandela, first black African President of Republic of South Africa


In post-apartheid South Africa, unemployment has been extremely high as the country has struggled with many changes. While many blacks have risen to middle or upper classes, the overall unemployment rate of blacks worsened between 1994 and 2003.[60] Poverty among whites, previously rare, increased.[61] In addition, the current government has struggled to achieve the monetary and fiscal discipline to ensure both redistribution of wealth and economic growth. Since the ANC-led government took power, the United Nations Human Development Index of South Africa has fallen, while it was steadily rising until the mid-1990s.[62] Some may be attributed to the HIV/AIDS pandemic, and the failure of the government to take steps to address it in the early years.[63]
In May 2008, riots left over sixty people dead.[64] The Centre on Housing Rights and Evictions estimates over 100,000 people were driven from their homes.[65] The targets were mainly migrants and refugees seeking asylum, but a third of the victims were South African citizens.[64] In a 2006 survey, the South African Migration Project concluded that South Africans are more opposed to immigration than anywhere else in the world.[66] The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in 2008 reported over 200,000 refugees applied for asylum in South Africa, almost four times as many as the year before.[67] These people were mainly from Zimbabwe, though many also come from Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Rwanda, Eritrea, Ethiopia and Somalia.[67] Competition over jobs, business opportunities, public services and housing has led to tension between refugees and host communities.[67] While xenophobia is still a problem, recent violence has not been as widespread as initially feared.[67]
Geography
Main article: Geography of South Africa




A map of South Africa showing the main topographic features: the Central Plateau edged by the Great Escarpment, and the Cape Fold Belt in the south-west corner of the country






Important geographical regions in South Africa. The thick line traces the course of the Great Escarpment which edges the central plateau. The eastern portion of this line, coloured red, is known as the Drakensberg. The Escarpment rises to its highest point, at over 3000 m, where the Drakensberg forms the border between KwaZulu-Natal and Lesotho. None of the regions indicated on the map has a sharp well-defined border, except where the Escarpment, or a range of mountains forms a clear dividing line between two regions. Some of the better known regions are coloured in; the others are simply indicated by their names, as they would be in an atlas.


South Africa is located at the southernmost region of Africa, with a long coastline that stretches more than 2,500 km (1,553 mi) and along two oceans (the South Atlantic and the Indian). At 1,219,912 km2 (471,011 sq mi),[68] South Africa is the 25th-largest country in the world and is comparable in size to Colombia. Mafadi in the Drakensberg at 3,450 m (11,320 ft) is the highest peak in South Africa. Excluding the Prince Edward Islands, the country lies between latitudes 22° and 35°S, and longitudes 16° and 33°E.
The interior of South Africa consists of a vast, in most places almost flat, plateau with an altitude of between 1,000 m (3,300 ft) and 2,100 m (6,900 ft), highest in the east and sloping gently downwards towards the west and north, and slightly less noticeably so to the south and south-west.[69] This plateau is surrounded by the Great Escarpment[70] whose eastern, and highest, stretch is known as the Drakensberg.[71]
The south and south-western parts of the plateau (at approximately 1100–1800 m above sea level), and the adjoining plain below (at approximately 700–800 m above sea level – see map on the right) is known as the Great Karoo, which consists of sparsely populated scrubland. To the north the Great Karoo fades into the even drier and more arid Bushmanland, which eventually becomes the Kalahari desert in the very north-west of the country. The mid-eastern, and highest part of the plateau is known as the Highveld. This relatively well-watered area is home to a great proportion of the country’s commercial farmlands, and contains its largest conurbation (Gauteng Province). To the north of Highveld, from about the 25° 30' S line of latitude, the plateau slopes downwards into the Bushveld, which ultimately gives way to the Limpopo lowlands or Lowveld.[70]




Flat topped hills (called Karoo Koppies) are highly characteristic of the southern and southwestern Karoo landscape. These hills are capped by hard, erosion resistant dolerite sills. This is solidified lava that was forced under high pressure between the horizontal strata of the sedimentary rocks that make up most of the Karoo’s geology about 180 million years ago. Since then Southern Africa has undergone a prolonged period of erosion removing the relatively soft Karoo rocks, except where they are protected by a cap of dolerite. This photograph was taken near Cradock in the Eastern Cape.


The coastal belt, below the Great Escarpment, moving clockwise from the northeast, consists of the Limpopo Lowveld, which merges into the Mpumalanga Lowveld, below the Mpumalanga Drakensberg (the eastern portion of the Great Escarpment).[72] This is hotter, drier and less intensely cultivated than the Highveld above the escarpment.[70] The Kruger National Park, located in the provinces of Limpopo and Mpumalanga in northeastern South Africa, occupies a large portion of the Lowveld covering 19,633 square kilometres (7,580 sq mi.) [73] South of the Lowveld the annual rainfall increases as one enters KwaZulu-Natal Province, which, especially near the coast, is subtropically hot and humid. The KwaZulu-Natal – Lesotho international border is formed by the highest portion of the Great Escarpment, or Drakensberg, which reaches an altitude of over 3,000 m (9,800 ft).[74] The climate at the foot of this part of the Drakensberg is temperate.




Drakensberg, the eastern and highest portion of the Great Escarpment which surrounds the east, south and western borders of the central plateau of Southern Africa


The coastal belt below the south and south-western stretches of the Great Escarpment contains several ranges of Cape Fold Mountains which run parallel to the coast, separating the Great Escarpment from the ocean.[75][76] (These parallel ranges of fold mountains are shown on the map, above left. Note the course of the Great Escarpment to the north of these mountain ranges.) The land (at approximately 400–500 m above sea level) between two of these ranges of fold mountains in the south (i.e. between the Outeniqua and Langeberg ranges to the south and the Swartberg range to the north) is known as the Little Karoo,[70] which consists of semi-desert scrubland similar to that of the Great Karoo, except that its northern strip along the foothills of the Swartberg Mountains, has a somewhat higher rainfall and is therefore more cultivated than the Great Karoo. The Little Karoo is historically, and still, famous for its ostrich farming around the town of Oudtshoorn. The lowland area (700–800 m above sea level) to the north of the Swartberg mountain range up to the Great Escarpment is the lowland part of the Great Karoo (see map at top right), which is climatically and botanically almost indistinguishable from the Karoo above the Great Escarpment. The narrow coastal strip between the most seaward Cape Fold Mountain range (i.e., the Langeberg–Outeniqua mountains) and the ocean has a moderately high year-round rainfall, especially in the George-Knysna-Plettenberg Bay region, which is known as the Garden Route. It is famous for the most extensive areas of indigenous forests in South Africa (a generally forest-poor country).
In the south-west corner of the country the Cape Peninsula forms the southernmost tip of the coastal strip which borders the Atlantic Ocean, and ultimately terminates at the country’s border with Namibia at the Orange River. The Cape Peninsula has a Mediterranean climate, making it and its immediate surrounds the only portion of Africa south of the Sahara which receives most of its rainfall in winter.[77][78] The greater Cape Town metropolitan area is situated on the Cape Peninsula and is home to 3.7 million people according to the 2011 population census. It is the country's legislative capital.




Spring flowers in Namaqualand


The coastal belt to the north of the Cape Peninsula is bounded on the west by the Atlantic Ocean and the first row of north-south running Cape Fold Mountains to the east. The Cape Fold Mountains peter out at about the 32° S line of latitude,[76] after which the coastal plain is bounded by the Great Escarpment itself. The most southerly portion of this coastal belt is known as the Swartland and Malmesbury Plain, which is an important wheat growing region, relying on winter rains. The region further north is known as Namaqualand,[79] which becomes more and more arid as one approaches the Orange River. The little rain that falls, tends to fall in winter,[78] which results in one of the world’s most spectacular displays of flowers carpeting huge stretches of veld in spring (August–September).




Cape Floral Region Protected Areas.


South Africa also has one possession, the small sub-Antarctic archipelago of the Prince Edward Islands, consisting of Marion Island (290 km2 or 110 sq mi) and Prince Edward Island (45 km2 or 17 sq mi) (not to be confused with the Canadian province of the same name).
Climate
Main article: Climate of South Africa




Köppen climate types of South Africa


South Africa has a generally temperate climate, due in part to being surrounded by the Atlantic and Indian Oceans on three sides, by its location in the climatically milder Southern Hemisphere and due to the average elevation rising steadily towards the north (towards the equator) and further inland. Due to this varied topography and oceanic influence, a great variety of climatic zones exist. The climatic zones range from the extreme desert of the southern Namib in the farthest northwest to the lush subtropical climate in the east along the Mozambique border and the Indian Ocean. Winters in South Africa occur between June and August.
The extreme southwest has a climate remarkably similar to that of the Mediterranean with wet winters and hot, dry summers, hosting the famous fynbos biome of shrubland and thicket. This area also produces much of the wine in South Africa. This region is also particularly known for its wind, which blows intermittently almost all year. The severity of this wind made passing around the Cape of Good Hope particularly treacherous for sailors, causing many shipwrecks. Further east on the south coast, rainfall is distributed more evenly throughout the year, producing a green landscape. This area is popularly known as the Garden Route.
The Free State is particularly flat because it lies centrally on the high plateau. North of the Vaal River, the Highveld becomes better watered and does not experience subtropical extremes of heat. Johannesburg, in the centre of the Highveld, is at 1,740 m (5,709 ft) and receives an annual rainfall of 760 mm (29.9 in). Winters in this region are cold, although snow is rare.
The high Drakensberg mountains, which form the south-eastern escarpment of the Highveld, offer limited skiing opportunities in winter. The coldest place on mainland South Africa is Sutherland in the western Roggeveld Mountains, where midwinter temperatures can reach as low as −15 °C (5 °F). The Prince Edward Islands have colder average annual temperatures, but Sutherland has colder extremes. The deep interior of mainland South Africa has the hottest temperatures: a temperature of 51.7 °C (125.06 °F) was recorded in 1948 in the Northern Cape Kalahari near Upington,[80] but this temperature is unofficial and was not recorded with standard equipment, the official highest temperature is 48.8 °C (119.84 °F) at Vioolsdrif in January 1993.[81]
Biodiversity
See also: Wildlife of South Africa and Protected areas of South Africa
South Africa signed the Rio Convention on Biological Diversity on 4 June 1994, and became a party to the convention on 2 November 1995.[82] It has subsequently produced a National Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plan, which was received by the convention on 7 June 2006.[83] The country is ranked sixth out of the world's seventeen megadiverse countries.[84]
Animals




South African giraffe, Kruger National Park


Numerous mammals are found in the bushveld including Transvaal lions, African leopards, South African cheetahs, southern white rhinos, blue wildebeest, kudus, impalas, hyenas, hippopotamuses and South African giraffes. A significant extent of the bushveld exists in the north-east including Kruger National Park and the Sabi Sand Game Reserve, as well as in the far north in the Waterberg Biosphere. South Africa houses many endemic species, among them the critically endangered riverine rabbit (Bunolagus monticullaris) in the Karoo.
Fungi
Up to 1945, more than 4900 species of fungi (including lichen-forming species) had been recorded.[85] In 2006, the total number of fungi which occur in South Africa was conservatively estimated at about 200,000 species, but that did not take into account fungi associated with insects.[86] If correct, then the number of South African fungi dwarfs that of its plants. In at least some major South African ecosystems, an exceptionally high percentage of fungi are highly specific in terms of the plants with which they occur.[87] The country's biodiversity strategy and action plan does not mention fungi (including lichen-forming fungi).[83]
Plants




Sub-tropical forest near Durban






Lowveld vegetation of the Kruger National Park


With more than 22,000 different higher plants, or about 9% of all the known species of plants on Earth,[88] South Africa is particularly rich in plant diversity. The most prevalent biome in South Africa is the grassland, particularly on the Highveld, where the plant cover is dominated by different grasses, low shrubs, and acacia trees, mainly camel-thorn and whitethorn. Vegetation becomes even more sparse towards the northwest due to low rainfall. There are several species of water-storing succulents like aloes and euphorbias in the very hot and dry Namaqualand area. The grass and thorn savannah turns slowly into a bush savannah towards the north-east of the country, with denser growth. There are significant numbers of baobab trees in this area, near the northern end of Kruger National Park.[89]
The fynbos biome, which makes up the majority of the area and plant life in the Cape floristic region, one of the six floral kingdoms, is located in a small region of the Western Cape and contains more than 9,000 of those species, making it among the richest regions on earth in terms of plant diversity.[citation needed] Most of the plants are evergreen hard-leaf plants with fine, needle-like leaves, such as the sclerophyllous plants. Another uniquely South African flowering plant group is the genus Protea. There are around 130 different species of Protea in South Africa.
While South Africa has a great wealth of flowering plants, only 1% of South Africa is forest, almost exclusively in the humid coastal plain of KwaZulu-Natal, where there are also areas of Southern Africa mangroves in river mouths. There are even smaller reserves of forests that are out of the reach of fire, known as montane forests. Plantations of imported tree species are predominant, particularly the non-native eucalyptus and pine.
Conservation issues
South Africa has lost a large area of natural habitat in the last four decades, primarily due to overpopulation, sprawling development patterns and deforestation during the 19th century. South Africa is one of the worst affected countries in the world when it comes to invasion by alien species with many (e.g. black wattle, Port Jackson willow, Hakea, Lantana and Jacaranda) posing a significant threat to the native biodiversity and the already scarce water resources. The original temperate forest found by the first European settlers was exploited ruthlessly until only small patches remained. Currently, South African hardwood trees like real yellowwood (Podocarpus latifolius), stinkwood (Ocotea bullata), and South African black ironwood (Olea laurifolia) are under government protection. Statistics from the South African Environmental Affairs department show a record 1215 rhinos have been killed in 2014.[90]
Climate change is expected to bring considerable warming and drying to much of this already semi-arid region, with greater frequency and intensity of extreme weather events such as heatwaves, flooding and drought. According to computer generated climate modelling produced by the South African National Biodiversity Institute[91] parts of southern Africa will see an increase in temperature by about one degree Celsius along the coast to more than four degrees Celsius in the already hot hinterland such as the Northern Cape in late spring and summertime by 2050. The Cape Floral Kingdom, been identified as one of the global biodiversity hotspots, it will be hit very hard by climate change. Drought, increased intensity and frequency of fire and climbing temperatures are expected to push many rare species towards extinction.


Biodiversity of South Africa


King protea, national flower



Fynbos, Cape Floristic Region



Blue crane, national bird



Flowers in the West Coast National Park




Politics and government
Main articles: Government of South Africa, Politics of South Africa, Law of South Africa, and Human rights in South Africa




Union Buildings in Pretoria, seat of the executive






Houses of Parliament in Cape Town, seat of the legislature


South Africa is a parliamentary republic, although unlike most such republics the President is both head of state and head of government, and depends for his tenure on the confidence of Parliament. The executive, legislature and judiciary are all subject to the supremacy of the Constitution, and the superior courts have the power to strike down executive actions and acts of Parliament if they are unconstitutional.
The National Assembly, the lower house of Parliament, consists of 400 members and is elected every five years by a system of party-list proportional representation. The National Council of Provinces, the upper house, consists of ninety members, with each of the nine provincial legislatures electing ten members.
After each parliamentary election, the National Assembly elects one of its members as President; hence the President serves a term of office the same as that of the Assembly, normally five years. No President may serve more than two terms in office.[92] The President appoints a Deputy President and Ministers, who form the Cabinet which consists of Departments and Ministries. The President and the Cabinet may be removed by the National Assembly by a motion of no confidence.




Jacob Zuma, President of South Africa since 2009


In the most recent election, held on 7 May 2014, the African National Congress (ANC) won 62.2% of the vote and 249 seats, while the main opposition, the Democratic Alliance (DA) won 22.2% of the vote and 89 seats. The Economic Freedom Fighters, founded by Julius Malema, the former President of the ANC's Youth Wing who was later expelled from the ANC, won 6.4% of the vote and 25 seats. The ANC has been the governing political party in South Africa since the end of apartheid.
South Africa has no legally defined capital city. The fourth chapter of the Constitution of South Africa, states that "The seat of Parliament is Cape Town, but an Act of Parliament enacted in accordance with section 76(1) and (5) may determine that the seat of Parliament is elsewhere."[93] The country's three branches of government are split over different cities. Cape Town, as the seat of Parliament, is the legislative capital; Pretoria, as the seat of the President and Cabinet, is the administrative capital; and Bloemfontein, as the seat of the Supreme Court of Appeal, is the judicial capital, while the Constitutional Court of South Africa sits in Johannesburg. Most foreign embassies are located in Pretoria.
Since 2004, South Africa has had many thousands of popular protests, some violent, making it, according to one academic, the "most protest-rich country in the world".[94] There have been a number of incidents of political repression as well as threats of future repression in violation of this constitution leading some analysts and civil society organisations to conclude that there is or could be a new climate of political repression,[95][96] or a decline in political tolerance.[97]
In 2008, South Africa placed 5th out of 48 sub-Saharan African countries on the Ibrahim Index of African Governance. South Africa scored well in the categories of Rule of Law, Transparency & Corruption and Participation & Human Rights, but was let down by its relatively poor performance in Safety & Security.[98] In November 2006, South Africa became the first African country to legalise same-sex marriage.[99]
Law
See also: Crime in South Africa




Constitutional Court in Johannesburg


The Constitution of South Africa is the supreme rule of law in the country. The primary sources of South African law are Roman-Dutch mercantile law and personal law with English Common law, as imports of Dutch settlements and British colonialism.[100] The first European based law in South Africa was brought by the Dutch East India Company and is called Roman-Dutch law. It was imported before the codification of European law into the Napoleonic Code and is comparable in many ways to Scots law. This was followed in the 19th century by English law, both common and statutory. Starting in 1910 with unification, South Africa had its own parliament which passed laws specific for South Africa, building on those previously passed for the individual member colonies.
The judicial system consists of the magistrates' courts, which hear lesser criminal cases and smaller civil cases; the High Courts, which are courts of general jurisdiction for specific areas; the Supreme Court of Appeal, which is the highest court in all but constitutional matters; and the Constitutional Court, which hears only constitutional matters.




Soweto Pride 2012 participants protest against violence against lesbians. Human Rights in the country are widely positivized into laws but some groups still are socially discriminated. It is the first country in Africa recognizing same sex marriage.


Nearly 50 murders are committed each day in South Africa.[101] In the year ended March 2014 there were 17,068 murders and the murder rate was 32.2 per 100,000 - about five times higher than the global average of 6 per 100,000.[102] Middle-class South Africans seek security in gated communities.[103] The private security industry in South Africa is the largest in the world,[104] with nearly 9,000 registered companies and 400,000 registered active private security guards, more than the South African police and army combined.[105] Many emigrants from South Africa also state that crime was a big motivator for them to leave.[106] Crime against the farming community has continued to be a major problem.[107]
It is estimated that 500,000 women are raped in South Africa every year[108] with the average woman more likely to be raped than complete secondary school.[109] A 2009 survey found one in four South African men admitted to raping someone[110] and another survey found one in three women out of 4000 surveyed women said they had been raped in the past year.[111] Rapes are also perpetrated by children (some as young as ten).[112] Child and baby rape incidences are some of the highest in the world, largely as a result of the virgin cleansing myth, and a number of high-profile cases (sometimes as young as eight months[112]) have outraged the nation.[113]
Foreign relations
Main article: Foreign relations of South Africa




Leaders of the BRICS nations at the G-20 summit in Hangzhou, 2016


As the Union of South Africa, the country was a founding member of the United Nations. The then Prime Minister Jan Smuts wrote the preamble to the United Nations Charter.[114][115] South Africa is one of the founding members of the African Union (AU), and has the second largest economy of all the members. It is also a founding member of the AU's New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD).
South Africa has played a key role as a mediator in African conflicts over the last decade, such as in Burundi, the Democratic Republic of Congo, the Comoros, and Zimbabwe. After apartheid ended, South Africa was readmitted to the Commonwealth of Nations. The country is a member of the Group of 77 and chaired the organisation in 2006. South Africa is also a member of the Southern African Development Community, South Atlantic Peace and Cooperation Zone, Southern African Customs Union, Antarctic Treaty System, World Trade Organization, International Monetary Fund, G20, G8+5, and the Port Management Association of Eastern and Southern Africa.
South African President Jacob Zuma and Chinese President Hu Jintao upgraded bilateral ties between the two countries on 24 August 2010, when they signed the Beijing Agreement, which elevated South Africa's earlier "strategic partnership" with China to the higher level of "comprehensive strategic partnership" in both economic and political affairs, including the strengthening of exchanges between their respective ruling parties and legislatures.[116][117] In April 2011, South Africa formally joined the Brazil-Russia-India-China (BRICS) grouping of countries, identified by President Zuma as the country's largest trading partners, and also the largest trading partners with Africa as a whole. Zuma asserted that BRICS member countries would also work with each other through the UN, the Group of Twenty (G20) and the India, Brazil South Africa (IBSA) forum.[118]
Military
Main article: South African National Defence Force




SANDF soldiers


The South African National Defence Force (SANDF) was created in 1994,[119][120] as an all volunteer force composed of the former South African Defence Force, the forces of the African nationalist groups (Umkhonto we Sizwe and Azanian People's Liberation Army), and the former Bantustan defence forces.[119] The SANDF is subdivided into four branches, the South African Army, the South African Air Force, the South African Navy, and the South African Military Health Service.[121] In recent years, the SANDF has become a major peacekeeping force in Africa,[122] and has been involved in operations in Lesotho, the Democratic Republic of the Congo,[122] and Burundi,[122] amongst others. It has also served in multi-national UN peacekeeping forces such as the United Nations Force Intervention Brigade for example.
South Africa is the only African country to have successfully developed nuclear weapons. It became the first country (followed by Ukraine) with nuclear capability to voluntarily renounce and dismantle its programme and in the process signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 1991.[123] South Africa undertook a nuclear weapons programme in the 1970s[123] According to former state president FW de Klerk, the decision to build a "nuclear deterrent" was taken "as early as 1974 against a backdrop of a Soviet expansionist threat."[124] South Africa is alleged to have conducted a nuclear test over the Atlantic in 1979,[125] although this is officially denied. Former president FW de Klerk maintained that South Africa had "never conducted a clandestine nuclear test."[124] Six nuclear devices were completed between 1980 and 1990, but all were dismantled before South Africa signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 1991.[124]
Administrative divisions
Main article: Provinces of South Africa




Provinces of South Africa


Each of the nine provinces is governed by a unicameral legislature, which is elected every five years by party-list proportional representation. The legislature elects a Premier as head of government, and the Premier appoints an Executive Council as a provincial cabinet. The powers of provincial governments are limited to topics listed in the Constitution; these topics include such fields as health, education, public housing and transport.
The provinces are in turn divided into 52 districts: 8 metropolitan and 44 district municipalities. The district municipalities are further subdivided into 226 local municipalities. The metropolitan municipalities, which govern the largest urban agglomerations, perform the functions of both district and local municipalities.


Province
Provincial capital
Largest city
Area (km2)[126]
Population (2013)[4]


Eastern Cape
Bhisho
Port Elizabeth
168,966
6,620,100


Free State
Bloemfontein
Bloemfontein
129,825
2,753,200


Gauteng
Johannesburg
Johannesburg
18,178
12,728,400


KwaZulu-Natal
Pietermaritzburg
Durban
94,361
10,456,900


Limpopo
Polokwane
Polokwane
125,754
5,518,000


Mpumalanga
Nelspruit
Mbombela
76,495
4,128,000


North West
Mahikeng
Rustenburg
104,882
3,597,600


Northern Cape
Kimberley
Kimberley
372,889
1,162,900


Western Cape
Cape Town
Cape Town
129,462
6,016,900


Economy




Annual per capita personal income by ethnic group in South Africa relative to white levels


Main article: Economy of South Africa




The JSE is the largest stock exchange on the African continent.


South Africa has a mixed economy, the second-largest in Africa after Nigeria. It also has a relatively high GDP per capita compared to other countries in Sub-Saharan Africa ($11,750 at PPP as of 2012). Despite this, South Africa is still burdened by a relatively high rate of poverty and unemployment, and is also ranked in the Top 10 countries in the world for income inequality,[127][128][129] measured by the Gini coefficient.
Unlike most of the world's poor countries, South Africa does not have a thriving informal economy. Only 15% of South African jobs are in the informal sector, compared with around half in Brazil and India and nearly three-quarters in Indonesia. The OECD attributes this difference to South Africa's widespread welfare system.[130] World Bank research shows that South Africa has one of the widest gaps between per capita GNP versus its Human Development Index ranking, with only Botswana showing a larger gap.[131]
After 1994, government policy brought down inflation, stabilised public finances, and some foreign capital was attracted, however growth was still subpar.[132] From 2004 onwards, economic growth picked up significantly; both employment and capital formation increased.[132] During the presidency of Jacob Zuma, the government has begun to increase the role of state-owned enterprises. Some of the biggest state-owned companies are Eskom, the electric power monopoly, South African Airways (SAA), and Transnet, the railway and ports monopoly. Some of these state-owned companies have not been profitable, such as SAA, which has required bailouts totaling R30,000,000,000 ($2,300,000,000) over twenty years.[133]
South Africa is a popular tourist destination, and a substantial amount of revenue comes from tourism.[134] Illegal immigrants are involved in informal trading.[135] Many emigrants to South Africa continue to live in poor conditions, and the immigration policy has become increasingly restrictive since 1994.[136]
Principal international trading partners of South Africa—outside Africa—include: Germany, the United States, China, Japan, the United Kingdom and Spain.[137]
The South African agricultural industry contributes around 10% of formal employment, relatively low compared to other parts of Africa, as well as providing work for casual labourers and contributing around 2.6% of GDP for the nation.[138] Due to the aridity of the land, only 13.5% of the land can be used for crop production, and only 3% is considered high potential land.[139]
In August 2013, South Africa was ranked as the top African Country of the Future by FDi magazine based on the country's economic potential, labour environment, cost-effectiveness, infrastructure, business friendliness, and Foreign direct investment Strategy.[140]
The FSI ranks South Africa as the 36th safest tax haven in the world, ahead of the Philippines but behind the Bahamas.
Labour market




Workers packing pears for export in the Ceres valley


During 1995–2003, the number of formal jobs decreased and informal jobs increased; overall unemployment worsened.[60]
The government's Black Economic Empowerment policies have drawn criticism from Neva Makgetla, lead economist for research and information at the Development Bank of Southern Africa, for focusing "almost exclusively on promoting individual ownership by black people (which) does little to address broader economic disparities, though the rich may become more diverse."[141] Official affirmative action policies have seen a rise in black economic wealth and an emerging black middle-class.[142] Other problems include state ownership and interference, which impose high barriers to entry in many areas.[143] Restrictive labour regulations have contributed to the unemployment malaise.[60]
Along with many other African countries, South Africa has been experiencing a "brain drain" within the past twenty years. This is believed to be potentially damaging for the regional economy,[144][not in citation given][clarification needed] and is almost certainly detrimental for the well-being of those reliant on the healthcare infrastructure.[145] The skills drain in South Africa tends to demonstrate racial contours given the skills distribution legacy of South Africa and has thus resulted in large white South African communities moving abroad.[146] However, the statistics which purport to show a brain drain are disputed and also do not account for repatriation and expiry of foreign work contracts. According to several surveys[147][148] there has been a reverse in brain drain following the global financial crisis of 2008-2009 and the expiry of foreign work contracts. In the first quarter of 2011, confidence levels for graduate professionals were recorded at a level of 84% in a PPS survey.[149]
Science and technology
Main article: Science and technology in South Africa




Mark Shuttleworth in space


Several important scientific and technological developments have originated in South Africa. The first human-to-human heart transplant was performed by cardiac surgeon Dr. Christiaan Barnard at Groote Schuur Hospital in December 1967, Max Theiler developed a vaccine against yellow fever, Allan McLeod Cormack pioneered x-ray computed tomography, and Aaron Klug developed crystallographic electron microscopy techniques. With the exception of that of Barnard, all of these advancements were recognised with Nobel Prizes. Sydney Brenner won most recently, in 2002, for his pioneering work in molecular biology.
Mark Shuttleworth founded an early Internet security company Thawte, that was subsequently bought out by world-leader VeriSign. Despite government efforts to encourage entrepreneurship in biotechnology, IT and other high technology fields, no other notable groundbreaking companies have been founded in South Africa. It is the expressed objective of the government to transition the economy to be more reliant on high technology, based on the realisation that South Africa cannot compete with Far Eastern economies in manufacturing, nor can the republic rely on its mineral wealth in perpetuity.
South Africa has cultivated a burgeoning astronomy community. It hosts the Southern African Large Telescope, the largest optical telescope in the Southern Hemisphere. South Africa is currently building the Karoo Array Telescope as a pathfinder for the €1,500,000,000 Square Kilometre Array project.[150] On 25 May 2012, it was announced that hosting of the Square Kilometer Array Telescope will be split over both the South African and the Australia/New Zealand sites.[151]
Water supply and sanitation
Main article: Water supply and sanitation in South Africa
After the end of Apartheid, South Africa's newly elected ANC government struggled with the-then growing service and backlogs with respect to access to Water supply and Sanitation developed. The government thus made a strong commitment to high service standards and to high levels of investment subsidies to achieve those standards. Since then, the country has made some progress with regard to improving access to water supply: It reached universal access to an improved water source in urban areas, and in rural areas the share of those with access increased from 66% to 79% from 1990 to 2010.[152]
South Africa also has a strong water industry with a track record in innovation. However, much less progress has been achieved on sanitation: Access increased only from 71% to 79% during the same period.[152] Significant problems remain concerning the financial sustainability of service providers, leading to a lack of attention to maintenance. The uncertainty about the government's ability to sustain funding levels in the sector is also a concern. Two distinctive features of the South African water sector are the policy of free basic water and the existence of water boards, which are bulk water supply agencies that operate pipelines and sell water from reservoirs to municipalities.
In May 2014, it was announced that Durban's Water and Sanitation Department won the Stockholm Industry Water Award "for its transformative and inclusive approach", calling it "one of the most progressive utilities in the world". The city has connected 1,300,000 additional people to piped water and provided 700,000 with access to toilets in fourteen years. It also was South Africa's first municipality to put free basic water for the poor into practice. Furthermore, it has promoted Rainwater harvesting and mini hydropower.[153]
Demographics
Main article: Demographics of South Africa




Migrations that formed the modern Rainbow Nation






Map of population density in South Africa




  <1 /km2
  1–3 /km2
  3–10 /km2
  10–30 /km2
  30–100 /km2



  100–300 /km2
  300–1000 /km2
  1000–3000 /km2
  >3000 /km2






South Africa is a nation of about 55,000,000 (2016 estimate) people of diverse origins, cultures, languages, and religions. The last census was held in 2011. South Africa is home to an estimated 5,000,000 illegal immigrants, including some 3,000,000 Zimbabweans.[154][155][156] A series of anti-immigrant riots occurred in South Africa beginning on 11 May 2008.[157][158]
Statistics South Africa asks people to describe themselves in the census in terms of five racial population groups.[159] The 2011 census figures for these groups were Black African at 79.2%, White at 8.9%, Coloured at 8.9%, Asian at 2.5%, and Other/Unspecified at 0.5%.[5]:21 The first census in South Africa in 1911 showed that whites made up 22% of the population; it declined to 16% in 1980.[160]
South Africa hosts a sizeable refugee and asylum seeker population. According to the World Refugee Survey 2008, published by the US Committee for Refugees and Immigrants, this population numbered approximately 144,700 people in 2007.[161] Groups of refugees and asylum seekers numbering over 10,000 included people from Zimbabwe (48,400), The Democratic Republic of the Congo (24,800), and Somalia (12,900).[161] These populations mainly lived in Johannesburg, Pretoria, Durban, Cape Town, and Port Elizabeth.[161] Many refugees have now also started to work and live in rural areas in provinces such as Mpumalanga, KwaZulu-Natal and the Eastern Cape.
Languages
Main article: Languages of South Africa




A map showing the dominant South African languages.



  Afrikaans
  English
  Ndebele
  Xhosa
  Zulu
  Northern Sotho



  Sotho
  Tswana
  Swazi
  Venda
  Tsonga
  None dominant






South Africa has eleven official languages:[162] Afrikaans, English, Ndebele, Northern Sotho, Sotho, Swazi, Tswana, Tsonga, Venda, Xhosa, and Zulu. In this regard it is third only to Bolivia and India in number. While all the languages are formally equal, some languages are spoken more than others. According to the 2011 census, the three most spoken first languages are Zulu (22.7%), Xhosa (16.0%), and Afrikaans (13.5%).[163] Despite the fact that English is recognised as the language of commerce and science, it ranked fourth, and was listed as the first language of only 9.6% of South Africans in 2011 but remains the de facto lingua franca of the nation.[163]
The country also recognises several unofficial languages, including Fanagalo, Khoe, Lobedu, Nama, Northern Ndebele, Phuthi, and South African Sign Language.[164] These unofficial languages may be used in certain official uses in limited areas where it has been determined that these languages are prevalent.
Many of the unofficial languages of the San and Khoikhoi people contain regional dialects stretching northwards into Namibia and Botswana, and elsewhere. These people, who are a physically distinct population from other Africans, have their own cultural identity based on their hunter-gatherer societies. They have been marginalised to a great extent, and the remainder of their languages are in danger of becoming extinct.
Many White South Africans also speak European languages, including Portuguese (also spoken by Black Angolans and Mozambicans), German, and Greek, while some Asians in South Africa speak Asian languages, such as Gujarati, Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, and Urdu. French is spoken in South Africa by immigrants from French-speaking parts of Africa.
Urban centres



 


v
t
e


Largest cities or towns in South Africa
2011 Census



Rank
Name
Province
Pop.


1
City of Johannesburg
Gauteng
4,434,827[165]


2
City of Cape Town
Western Cape
3,740,026[166]


3
EThekwini Metropolitan Municipality
KwaZulu-Natal
3,442,361[167]


4
Ekurhuleni
Gauteng
3,178,470[168]


5
City of Tshwane
Gauteng
2,921,488[169]


6
Nelson Mandela Bay
Eastern Cape
1,152,115[170]


7
Buffalo City Metropolitan Municipality
Eastern Cape
755,200[171]


8
Mangaung
Free State
747,431[172]


9
Emfuleni
Gauteng
721,663[173]


10
Polokwane Local Municipality
Limpopo
628,999 [174]


Religion
Main article: Religion in South Africa




Nederduits Gereformeerde Kerk in Wolmaransstad






Sangoma performing a traditional baptism in Alexandra, Johannesburg


According to the 2001 census, Christians accounted for 79.8% of the population, with a majority of them being members of various Protestant denominations (broadly defined to include syncretic African initiated churches) and a minority of Roman Catholics and other Christians. Christian category includes Zion Christian (11.1%), Pentecostal (Charismatic) (8.2%), Roman Catholic (7.1%), Methodist (6.8%), Dutch Reformed (Nederduits Gereformeerde Kerk; 6.7%), Anglican (3.8%). Members of remaining Christian churches accounted for another 36% of the population. Muslims accounted for 1.5% of the population, Hindus 1.2%, traditional African religion 0.3% and Judaism 0.2%. 15.1% had no religious affiliation, 0.6% were other and 1.4% were unspecified.[137][175][176]
African initiated churches formed the largest of the Christian groups. It was believed that many of the persons who claimed no affiliation with any organised religion adhered to traditional African religion. There are an estimated 200,000 indigenous traditional healers in South Africa, and up to 60% of South Africans consult these healers,[177] generally called sangomas or inyangas. These healers use a combination of ancestral spiritual beliefs and a belief in the spiritual and medicinal properties of local fauna and flora, commonly known as muti, to facilitate healing in clients. Many peoples have syncretic religious practices combining Christian and indigenous influences.[178]
South African Muslims comprise mainly those who are described as "Coloured" and those who are described as Indians. They have been joined by Black or White South African converts as well as others from other parts of Africa.[179] South African Muslims claim that their faith is the fastest-growing religion of conversion in the country, with the number of black Muslims growing sixfold, from 12,000 in 1991 to 74,700 in 2004.[179][180]
South Africa is also home to a substantial Jewish population, descended from European Jews who arrived as a minority among other European settlers. This population peaked in the 1970s at 120,000, though only around 67,000 remain today, the rest having emigrated. Even so, these numbers make the Jewish community in South Africa the twelfth largest in the world.[181]
Ethnic Indian Hindus form another significant portion of the population.[175]
Culture
Main article: Culture of South Africa




Decorated houses, Drakensberg


The South African black majority still has a substantial number of rural inhabitants who lead largely impoverished lives. It is among these people that cultural traditions survive most strongly; as Blacks have become increasingly urbanised and Westernised, aspects of traditional culture have declined. Members of the middle-class, who are predominantly White but whose ranks include growing numbers of Black, Coloured and Indian people,[182] have lifestyles similar in many respects to that of people found in Western Europe, North America and Australasia.
The South African Scout Association was one of the first youth organisations to open its doors to youth and adults of all races in South Africa. This happened on 2 July 1977 at a conference known as Quo Vadis.[183]
Arts




Eland, rock painting, Drakensberg


South African art includes the oldest art objects in the world, which were discovered in a South African cave, and dated from 75,000 years ago.[184] The scattered tribes of Khoisan peoples moving into South Africa from around 10,000 BC had their own fluent art styles seen today in a multitude of cave paintings. They were superseded by Bantu/Nguni peoples with their own vocabularies of art forms. New forms of art evolved in the mines and townships: a dynamic art using everything from plastic strips to bicycle spokes. The Dutch-influenced folk art of the Afrikaner Trekboers and the urban white artists earnestly following changing European traditions from the 1850s onwards also contributed to this eclectic mix, which continues to evolve today.




Olive Schreiner


South African literature emerged from a unique social and political history. One of the first well-known novels written by a Black author in an African language was Solomon Thekiso Plaatje's Mhudi, written in 1930. During the 1950s, Drum magazine became a hotbed of political satire, fiction, and essays, giving a voice to urban Black culture.
Notable White South African authors include Alan Paton, who published the acclaimed novel Cry, the Beloved Country in 1948. Nadine Gordimer became the first South African to be awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1991. Her most famous novel, July's People, was released in 1981. J.M. Coetzee won the Nobel Prize for Literature, in 2003. When awarding the prize, the Swedish Academy stated that Coetzee "in innumerable guises portrays the surprising involvement of the outsider".[185]
The plays of Athol Fugard have been regularly premiered in fringe theatres in South Africa, London (The Royal Court Theatre) and New York. Olive Schreiner's The Story of an African Farm (1883) was a revelation in Victorian literature: it is heralded by many as introducing feminism into the novel form.
Breyten Breytenbach was jailed for his involvement with the guerrilla movement against apartheid. Andre Brink was the first Afrikaner writer to be banned by the government after he released the novel A Dry White Season.
Popular culture
The South African media sector is large, and South Africa is one of Africa's major media centres. While South Africa's many broadcasters and publications reflect the diversity of the population as a whole, the most commonly used language is English. However, all ten other official languages are represented to some extent or another.
There is great diversity in South African music. Black musicians have developed a unique style called Kwaito. Kwaito is said to have taken over radio, television, and magazines.[186] Of note is Brenda Fassie, who launched to fame with her song "Weekend Special", which was sung in English. More famous traditional musicians include Ladysmith Black Mambazo, while the Soweto String Quartet performs classic music with an African flavour. South Africa has produced world-famous jazz musicians, notably Hugh Masekela, Jonas Gwangwa, Abdullah Ibrahim, Miriam Makeba, Jonathan Butler, Chris McGregor, and Sathima Bea Benjamin. Afrikaans music covers multiple genres, such as the contemporary Steve Hofmeyr, the punk rock band Fokofpolisiekar and the singer-songwriter Jeremy Loops.
Although few South African film productions are known outside South Africa itself, many foreign films have been produced about South Africa. Arguably, the most high-profile film portraying South Africa in recent years was District 9. Other notable exceptions are the film Tsotsi, which won the Academy Award for Foreign Language Film at the 78th Academy Awards in 2006 as well as U-Carmen e-Khayelitsha, which won the Golden Bear at the 2005 Berlin International Film Festival. In 2015, Oliver Hermanus' film, The Endless River, became the first South African film selected for the Venice Film Festival.
Cuisine
Main article: South African cuisine




Meat on a traditional South African braai


South African culture is diverse; foods from many cultures are enjoyed by all and especially marketed to tourists who wish to sample the large variety of South African cuisine. In addition to food, music and dance feature prominently.[citation needed]
South African cuisine is heavily meat-based and has spawned the distinctively South African social gathering known as a braai, or barbecue. South Africa has also developed into a major wine producer, with some of the best vineyards lying in valleys around Stellenbosch, Franschhoek, Paarl and Barrydale.[187]
Sports
Main article: Sport in South Africa
South Africa's most popular sports are soccer, rugby and cricket.[188] Other sports with significant support are swimming, athletics, golf, boxing, tennis, ringball, and netball. Although soccer commands the greatest following among the youth, other sports like basketball, surfing and skateboarding are increasingly popular.
Soccer players who have played for major foreign clubs include Steven Pienaar, Lucas Radebe and Philemon Masinga, Benni McCarthy, Aaron Mokoena, and Delron Buckley. South Africa, hosted the 2010 FIFA World Cup, and FIFA president Sepp Blatter awarded South Africa a grade 9 out of 10 for successfully hosting the event. The 2010 FIFA World Cup also marked the first time the competition had been hosted on the African continent.[189]




The Springboks in a bus parade after winning the 2007 Rugby World Cup


Famous boxing personalities include Baby Jake Jacob Matlala, Vuyani Bungu, Welcome Ncita, Dingaan Thobela, Gerrie Coetzee and Brian Mitchell. Durban Surfer Jordy Smith won the 2010 Billabong J-Bay competition making him the #1 ranked surfer in the world. South Africa produced Formula One motor racing's 1979 world champion Jody Scheckter. Famous current cricket players include AB de Villiers, Hashim Amla, Dale Steyn, Vernon Philander, Faf du Plessis etc. Most of them also participate in the Indian Premier League.
South Africa has also produced numerous world class rugby players, including Francois Pienaar, Joost van der Westhuizen, Danie Craven, Frik du Preez, Naas Botha and Bryan Habana. South Africa hosted and won the 1995 Rugby World Cup and won the 2007 Rugby World Cup in France. It followed the 1995 Rugby World Cup by hosting the 1996 African Cup of Nations, with the national team going on to win the tournament. It also hosted the 2003 Cricket World Cup, the 2007 World Twenty20 Championship. South Africa has also won the inaugural edition of the 1998 ICC KnockOut Trophy by defeating West Indies in the final.South Africa team also went onto win the inaugural edition of the Blind Cricket World Cup in 1998.
In 2004, the swimming team of Roland Schoeman, Lyndon Ferns, Darian Townsend and Ryk Neethling won the gold medal at the Olympic Games in Athens, simultaneously breaking the world record in the 4x100 freestyle relay. Penny Heyns won Olympic Gold in the 1996 Atlanta Olympic Games. In 2012, Oscar Pistorius became the first double amputee sprinter to compete at the Olympic Games in London. In golf, Gary Player is generally regarded as one of the greatest golfers of all time, having won the Career Grand Slam, one of five golfers to have done so. Other South African golfers to have won major tournaments include Bobby Locke, Ernie Els, Retief Goosen, Tim Clark, Trevor Immelman, Louis Oosthuizen and Charl Schwartzel.
Education
Main article: Education in South Africa




Schoolchildren in Mitchell's Plain


The adult literacy rate in 2007 was 88.7%.[190] South Africa has a 3-tier system of education starting with primary school, followed by high school and tertiary education in the form of (academic) universities and universities of technology. Learners have twelve years of formal schooling, from Grades 1-12. Grade R is a pre-primary foundation year. [191] Primary schools span the first seven years of schooling.[192] High School education spans a further five years. The Senior Certificate examination takes place at the end of Grade 12 and is necessary for tertiary studies at a South African university.[191]
Public universities in South Africa are divided into three types: traditional universities, which offer theoretically-oriented university degrees; universities of technology ("Technikons"), which offer vocational oriented diplomas and degrees; and comprehensive universities, which offer both types of qualifications. There are 23 public universities in South Africa: 11 traditional universities, 6 universities of technology and 6 comprehensive universities.
Under apartheid, schools for Blacks were subject to discrimination through inadequate funding and a separate syllabus called Bantu Education which was only designed to give them sufficient skills to work as labourers.[193] In 2004, South Africa started reforming its higher education system, merging and incorporating smaller universities into larger institutions, and renaming all higher education institutions "university" to redress these imbalances. By 2015, 1,400,000 students in higher education have benefited from a financial aid scheme which was promulgated in 1999.[194]
Public expenditure on education was at 5.4% of the 2002–05 GDP.[195]
Health
Main article: Health in South Africa




AIDS has caused a fall in life expectancy.


According to the South African Institute of Race Relations, the life expectancy in 2009 was 71 years for a White South African and 48 years for a Black South African.[196] The healthcare spending in the country is about 9% of GDP.[197]
Only 16% of the population is covered by medical schemes.[198] About 20% use private healthcare.[199] The rest pay "out of pocket" or through hospital cash plans.[199] The three dominant hospital groups, Mediclinic, Life Healthcare and Netcare, together control 75% of the market.[199] About 84% of the population depend on the public healthcare system,[197] which is beset with chronic human resource shortages and limited resources.[200]
South Africa is home to the third-largest hospital in the world, the Chris Hani Baragwanath Hospital.[201]
HIV/AIDS
Main article: HIV/AIDS in South Africa
According to the 2015 UNAIDS Report, South Africa has an estimated 7,000,000 people living with HIV– more than any other country in the world.[202] A 2008 study revealed that HIV/AIDS infection in South Africa is distinctly divided along racial lines: 13.6% of Blacks are HIV-positive, whereas only 0.3% of Whites have the disease.[203] Most deaths are experienced by economically active individuals, resulting in many AIDS orphans who in many cases depend on the state for care and financial support.[204] It is estimated that there are 1,200,000 orphaned children in South Africa.[204]
The link between HIV, a virus spread primarily by sexual contact, and AIDS was long denied by prior president Thabo Mbeki and then health minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang, who insisted that the many deaths in the country are due to malnutrition, and hence poverty, and not HIV.[205] In 2007, in response to international pressure, the government made efforts to fight AIDS.[206] After the 2009 general election, President Jacob Zuma appointed Dr Aaron Motsoaledi as the new minister and committed his government to increasing funding for and widening the scope of AIDS treatment.[207]
See also


South Africa portal







Book: South Africa





Index of South Africa-related articles
Outline of South Africa


Notes



^ The Khoi, Nama and San languages, South African Sign Language, German, Greek, Gujarati, Hindi, Portuguese, Telugu, Tamil, Urdu, Arabic, Hebrew, Sanskrit and "other languages used for religious purposes in South Africa" have a special status (Chapter 1, Article 6 of the South African Constitution).



References


^ "The Constitution". Constitutional Court of South Africa. Retrieved 3 September 2009. 
^ "Principal Agglomerations of the World". Citypopulation.de. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ Mid-year population estimates 2014. Statistics South Africa
^ a b "Mid-year population estimates 2015" (PDF). Statistics South Africa. Retrieved 11 August 2015. 
^ a b c Census 2011: Census in brief (PDF). Pretoria: Statistics South Africa. 2012. ISBN 9780621413885. Retrieved 12 January 2013. [permanent dead link]
^ a b c d e "South Africa". International Monetary Fund. Retrieved 26 April 2015. 
^ "Gini Index". World Bank. Retrieved 2 March 2011. 
^ "2015 Human Development Report" (PDF). United Nations Development Programme. 2015. Retrieved 15 December 2015. 
^ "South African Maritime Safety Authority". South African Maritime Safety Authority. Retrieved 16 June 2008. 
^ "Coastline". The World Factbook. CIA. Retrieved 16 June 2008. 
^ a b c d "South Africa Fast Facts". SouthAfrica.info. April 2007. Retrieved 14 June 2008. 
^ Guy Arnold. "Lesotho: Year In Review 1996 – Britannica Online Encyclopedia". Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Rainbow Nation – dream or reality?". BBC News. 18 July 2008. Retrieved 10 August 2013. 
^ "South Africa". World Bank. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ David Waugh (2000). "Manufacturing industries (chapter 19), World development (chapter 22)". Geography: An Integrated Approach. Nelson Thornes. pp. 563, 576–579, 633, 640. ISBN 978-0-17-444706-1. Retrieved 24 August 2013. 
^ "South Africa's Unemployment Rate Increases to 23.5%". Bloomberg. 5 May 2009. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ "HDI" (PDF). UNDP. Archived from the original (PDF) on 19 December 2008. 
^ Cooper, Andrew F; Antkiewicz, Agata; Shaw, Timothy M (10 December 2007). "Lessons from/for BRICSAM about South-North Relations at the Start of the 21st Century: Economic Size Trumps All Else?". International Studies Review. 9 (4): 675, 687. doi:10.1111/j.1468-2486.2007.00730.x. 
^ David A. Lynch (2010). Trade and Globalization: An Introduction to Regional Trade Agreements. Rowman & Littlefield. p. 51. ISBN 978-0-7425-6689-7. Retrieved 25 August 2013. Southern Africa is home to the other of sub-Saharan Africa's regional powers: South Africa. South Africa is more than just a regional power; it is currently the most developed and economically powerful country in Africa, and now it is able to use that influence in Africa more than during the days of apartheid, when it was ostracised. 
^ Livermon, Xavier (2008). "Sounds in the City". In Nuttall, Sarah; Mbembé, Achille. Johannesburg: The Elusive Metropolis. Durham: Duke University Press. p. 283. ISBN 9780822381211. Mzansi is another black urban vernacular term popular with the youth and standing for South Africa. 
^ "Mzansi DiToloki". Deaf Federation of South Africa. Archived from the original on 16 January 2014. Retrieved 15 January 2014. uMzantsi in Xhosa means 'south', Mzansi means this country, South Africa 
^ Taylor, Darren. "South African Party Says Call Their Country ‘Azania’". VOA. Retrieved 18 February 2017. 
^ Wymer, John; Singer, R (1982). The Middle Stone Age at Klasies River Mouth in South Africa. Chicago: University of Chicago Press. ISBN 0-226-76103-7. 
^ Deacon, HJ (2001). "Guide to Klasies River" (PDF). Stellenbosch University. p. 11. Retrieved 5 September 2009. 
^ "Fossil Hominid Sites of Sterkfontein, Swartkrans, Kromdraai, and Environs". 
^ Stephen P. Broker. "Hominid Evolution". Yale-New Haven Teachers Institute. Retrieved 19 June 2008. 
^ Langer, William L., ed. (1972). An Encyclopedia of World History (5th ed.). Boston, MA: Houghton Mifflin Company. p. 9. ISBN 0-395-13592-3. 
^ Domville-Fife, C.W. (1900). The encyclopedia of the British Empire the first encyclopedic record of the greatest empire in the history of the world ed. London: Rankin. p. 25. 
^ Mackenzie, W. Douglas; Stead, Alfred (1899). South Africa: Its History, Heroes, and Wars. Chicago: The Co-Operative Publishing Company. 
^ Pakeman, SA. Nations of the Modern World: Ceylon (1964 ed.). Frederick A Praeger, Publishers. pp. 18–19. ASIN B0000CM2VW. 
^ a b c Alexander Wilmot & John Centlivres Chase. History of the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope: From Its Discovery to the Year 1819 (2010 ed.). Claremont: David Philip (Pty) Ltd. pp. 1–548. ISBN 978-1144830159. 
^ Kaplan, Irving. Area Handbook for the Republic of South Africa (PDF). pp. 46–771. 
^ "African History Timeline". West Chester University of Pennsylvania. 
^ a b Hunt, John (2005). Campbell, Heather-Ann, ed. Dutch South Africa: Early Settlers at the Cape, 1652-1708. Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press. pp. 13–35. ISBN 978-1904744955. 
^ Worden, Nigel. Slavery in Dutch South Africa (2010 ed.). Cambridge University Press. pp. 40–43. ISBN 978-0521152662. 
^ a b Nelson, Harold. Zimbabwe: A Country Study. pp. 237–317. 
^ a b c d e Stapleton, Timothy (2010). A Military History of South Africa: From the Dutch-Khoi Wars to the End of Apartheid. Santa Barbara: Praeger Security International. pp. 4–6. ISBN 978-0313365898. 
^ Keegan, Timothy. Colonial South Africa and the Origins of the Racial Order (1996 ed.). David Philip Publishers (Pty) Ltd. pp. 85–86. ISBN 978-0813917351. 
^ a b c Lloyd, Trevor Owen (1997). The British Empire, 1558-1995. Oxford: Oxford University Press. pp. 201–203. ISBN 978-0198731337. 
^ "Shaka: Zulu Chieftain". Historynet.com. Archived from the original on 9 February 2008. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Shaka (Zulu chief)". Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ W. D. Rubinstein (2004). Genocide: A History. Pearson Longman. p. 22. ISBN 978-0-582-50601-5. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Williams, Garner F (1905). The Diamond Mines of South Africa, Vol II. New York: B. F Buck & Co. pp. Chapter XX. 
^ Bond, Patrick (1999). Cities of gold, townships of coal: essays on South Africa's new urban crisis. Africa World Press. p. 140. ISBN 978-0-86543-611-4. 
^ Cape of Good Hope (South Africa). Parliament House. (1906). "Report of the Select Committee on Location Act". Cape Times Limited. Retrieved 30 July 2009. 
^ Godley, Godfrey Archibald, Welsh, William Thomson, Hemsworth, H. D (1920). "Report of the Inter-departmental committee on the native pass laws". Cape Times Limited, government printers: 2. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Great Britain Colonial Office; Transvaal (Colony). Governor (1901–1905: Milner) (January 1902). "Papers relating to legislation affecting natives in the Transvaal". His Majesty's Stationery Office. 
^ De Villiers, John Abraham Jacob (1896). The Transvaal. London: Chatto & Windus. pp. 30 (n46). Retrieved 30 July 2009. 
^  Cana, Frank Richardson (1911). "South Africa". In Chisholm, Hugh. Encyclopædia Britannica. 25 (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press. p. 467. 
^ "Native Land Act". South African Institute of Race Relations. 19 June 1913. Archived from the original on 14 October 2010. 
^ Beinart, William (2001). Twentieth-century South Africa. Oxford University Press. p. 202. ISBN 978-0-19-289318-5.
^ "Hendrik Frensch Verwoerd". South African History Online. Retrieved 9 March 2013. On 5 October 1960 a referendum was held in which White voters were asked "Do you support a republic for the Union?" — 52 percent voted 'Yes'. 
^ Gibson, Nigel; Alexander, Amanda; Mngxitama, Andile (2008). Biko Lives! Contesting the Legacies of Steve Biko. Hampshire: Palgrave Macmillan. p. 138. ISBN 978-0230606494. 
^ Switzer, Les (2000). South Africa's Resistance Press: Alternative Voices in the Last Generation Under Apartheid. Issue 74 of Research in international studies: Africa series. Ohio University Press. p. 2. ISBN 9780896802131. 
^ Mitchell, Thomas (2008). Native vs Settler: Ethnic Conflict in Israel/Palestine, Northern Ireland and South Africa. Westport: Greenwood Publishing Group. pp. 194–196. ISBN 978-0313313578. 
^ Bridgland, Fred (1990). The War for Africa: Twelve months that transformed a continent. Gibraltar: Ashanti Publishing. p. 32. ISBN 978-1-874800-12-5. 
^ Landgren, Signe. Embargo Disimplemented: South Africa's Military Industry (1989 ed.). Oxford University Press. pp. 6–10. ISBN 978-0-19-829127-5. 
^ "South Africa Profile". Nti.org. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ John Pike. "Nuclear Weapons Program (South Africa)". Globalsecurity.org. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ a b c "Post-Apartheid South Africa: the First Ten Years – Unemployment and the Labor Market" (PDF). IMF. 
^ "Zuma surprised at level of white poverty — Mail & Guardian Online: The smart news source". Mail & Guardian. 18 April 2008. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ "South Africa". Human Development Report. United Nations Development Programme. 2006. Archived from the original on 29 November 2007. Retrieved 28 November 2007. 
^ "Ridicule succeeds where leadership failed on AIDS". South African Institute of Race Relations. 10 November 2006. Archived from the original on 24 May 2016. 
^ a b "Broke-on-Broke Violence". Retrieved 6 July 2011. 
^ "COHRE statement on Xenophobic Attacks". Retrieved 6 July 2011. 
^ Southern African Migration Project; Institute for Democracy in South Africa; Queen's University (2008). Jonathan Crush, ed. The perfect storm: the realities of xenophobia in contemporary South Africa (PDF). Idasa. p. 1. ISBN 978-1-920118-71-6. Archived from the original (PDF) on 30 July 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ a b c d United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. "UNHCR Global Appeal 2011 – South Africa". UNHCR. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Country Comparison". World Factbook. CIA. 
^ McCarthy, T. & Rubidge, B. (2005). The story of earth and life. p. 263, 267-268. Struik Publishers, Cape Town.
^ a b c d Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 13. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ Encyclopædia Britannica (1975); Micropaedia Vol. III, p. 655. Helen Hemingway Benton Publishers, Chicago.
^ Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 186. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ "Kruger National Park". Africa.com. Archived from the original on 18 December 2014. Retrieved 16 December 2014. 
^ Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 151. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ McCarthy, T. & Rubidge, B. (2005). The story of earth and life. p. 194. Struik Publishers, Cape Town.
^ a b Geological map of South Africa, Lesotho and Swaziland (1970). Council for Geoscience, Geological Survey of South Africa.
^ Encyclopædia Britannica (1975); Micropaedia Vol. VI, p. 750. Helen Hemingway Benton Publishers, Chicago.
^ a b Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 19. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 113. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ "South Africa's geography — SouthAfrica.info". Safrica.info. Archived from the original on 8 June 2010. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ South Africa yearbook. South African Communication Service. 1997. p. 3. 
^ "List of Parties". Retrieved 8 December 2012. 
^ a b "South Africa's National Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plan" (PDF). Retrieved 10 December 2012. 
^ "Biodiversity of the world by countries". Institutoaqualung.com.br. Archived from the original on 1 November 2010. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ Rong, I. H.; Baxter, A. P. (2006). "The South African National Collection of Fungi: Celebrating a centenary 1905-2005". Studies in Mycology. 55: 1–12. PMC 2104721 . PMID 18490968. doi:10.3114/sim.55.1.1. 
^ Crous, P. W.; Rong, I. H.; Wood, A.; Lee, S.; Glen, H.; Botha, W. l; Slippers, B.; De Beer, W. Z.; Wingfield, M. J.; Hawksworth, D. L. (2006). "How many species of fungi are there at the tip of Africa?". Studies in Mycology. 55: 13–33. PMC 2104731 . PMID 18490969. doi:10.3114/sim.55.1.13. 
^ Marincowitz, S.; Crous, P.W.; Groenewald J.Z. & Wingfield, M.J. (2008). "Microfungi occurring on Proteaceae in the fynbos. CBS Biodiversity Series 7." (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 29 July 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Marco Lambertini. "The Flora / The Richest Botany in the World". A Anturalist's Guide to the Tropics (Revised edition (May 15, 2000) ed.). University Of Chicago Press. p. 46. ISBN 978-0226468280.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Plants and Vegetation in South Africa". Southafrica-travel.net. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ Environmental Affairs (22 January 2015). "Progress in the war against poaching". Environmental Affairs. South Africa. Retrieved 22 January 2015. 
^ "South African National Biodiversity Institute". Sanbi.org. 30 September 2011. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Term Limits in Africa". The Economist. 6 April 2006. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Chapter 4 – Parliament". 19 August 2009. Archived from the original on 30 May 2013. Retrieved 3 August 2013. 
^ Abahlali baseMjondolo. "Mercury: Rethinking the crisis of local democracy". Abahlali.org. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ J. Duncan (31 May 2010). "The Return of State Repression". South African Civil Society Information Services. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Increasing police repression highlighted by recent case". Freedom of Expression Institute. 2006. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Imraan Buccus (2011). "Political tolerance on the wane in South Africa". SA Reconciliation Barometer. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "South Africa's recent performance in the Ibrahim Index of African Governance". Mo Ibrahim Foundation. Archived from the original on 18 February 2013. Retrieved 16 February 2013. 
^ "SA marriage law signed". BBC News. 30 November 2006. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Pamela Snyman & Amanda Barratt (2 October 2002). "Researching South African Law". w/ Library Resource Xchange. Archived from the original on 17 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ "How dangerous is South Africa?". BBC News. 17 May 2010. 
^ http://mg.co.za/article/2014-09-22-factsheet-south-africas-official-crime-stats-unpacked/
^ K Landman. "Gated communities in South Africa: Comparison of four case studies in Gauteng" (PDF). Wits University. Retrieved 5 March 2013. [permanent dead link]
^ "South Africa has world's largest private security industry; needs regulation – Mthethwa". DefenceWeb. Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ "Bigger than the army: South Africa's private security forces". CNN. 8 February 2013. Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ "Afrikaner Farmers Migrating to Georgia". VOA. 14 September 2011. Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ Adriana Stuijt (17 February 2009). "Two more S. African farmers killed: death toll now at 3,037". Digital Journal. Archived from the original on 20 May 2011. Retrieved 24 May 2011. 
^ "SOUTH AFRICA: One in four men rape". IRIN. 18 June 2009. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "South Africa's corrective rape". Time. 8 March 2011. Retrieved 12 July 2011. 
^ "South African rape survey shock". BBC News. 18 June 2009. Retrieved 23 May 2010. 
^ "South Africa's rape shock". BBC News. 19 January 1999. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ a b "Child rape in South Africa". Medscape. Retrieved 31 December 2010. 
^ Perry, Alex (5 November 2007). "Oprah scandal rocks South Africa". Time. Retrieved 15 May 2011. 
^ Rosalind Rosenberg (Summer 2001). "Virginia Gildersleeve: Opening the Gates (Living Legacies)". Columbia Magazine. 
^ Schlesinger, Stephen E. (2004). Act of Creation: The Founding of the United Nations: A Story of Superpowers, Secret Agents, Wartime Allies and Enemies, and Their Quest for a Peaceful World. Cambridge, Massachusetts: Westview, Perseus Books Group. pp. 236–7. ISBN 0-8133-3275-3. 
^ "China, South Africa upgrade relations to "comprehensive strategic partnership"". Capetown.china-consulate.org. 25 August 2010. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "New era as South Africa joins BRICS". Southafrica.info. 11 April 2011. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "SA brings 'unique attributes' to BRICS". Southafrica.info. 14 April 2011. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ a b "Constitution of the Republic of South Africa Act 200 of 1993 (Section 224)". South African Government. 1993. Archived from the original on 12 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ Col L B van Stade, Senior Staff Officer Rationalisation, SANDF (1997). "Rationalisation in the SANDF: The Next Challenge". Institute for Security Studies. Archived from the original on 16 March 2016. Retrieved 23 June 2008. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "Defence Act 42 of 2002" (PDF). South African Government. 12 February 2003. p. 18. Archived from the original (PDF) on 24 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ a b c Mosiuoa Lekota (5 September 2005). "Address by the Minister of Defence at a media breakfast at Defence Headquarters, Pretoria". Department of Defence. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ a b Lieutenant Colonel Roy E. Horton III (BS, Electrical Engineering; MS, Strategic Intelligence) (October 1999). "Out of (South) Africa: Pretoria's Nuclear Weapons Experience". USAF Institute for National Security Studies. Retrieved 23 June 2008. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ a b c Educational Foundation for Nuclear Science, Inc. (May 1993). "South Africa comes clean". Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists. Educational Foundation for Nuclear Science, Inc. pp. 3–4. ISSN 0096-3402. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Christine Dodson (22 October 1979). "South Atlantic Nuclear Event (National Security Council, Memorandum)" (PDF). George Washington University under Freedom of Information Act Request. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ Stats in Brief, 2010 (PDF). Pretoria: Statistics South Africa. 2010. p. 3. ISBN 978-0-621-39563-1. 
^ "Inequality in income or expenditure / Gini index, Human Development Report 2007/08". Hdrstats.undp.org. 4 November 2010. Archived from the original on 16 January 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Distribution of family income – Gini index". Cia.gov. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "South Africa has highest gap between rich and poor". Business Report. 28 September 2009. Archived from the original on 23 October 2011. Retrieved 7 November 2010. 
^ "South Africa's economy: How it could do even better.". The Economist. 22 July 2010. Retrieved 17 October 2011. 
^ "DEPWeb: Beyond Economic Growth". The World Bank Group. Retrieved 17 October 2011. 
^ a b "Economic Assessment of South Africa 2008: Achieving Accelerated and Shared Growth for South Africa". OECD. Archived from the original on 9 August 2009. 
^ "Commanding Plights." The Economist 29 August 2015: 37-38. Print.
^ "SA Economic Research – Tourism Update" (PDF). m/ Investec. October 2005. Archived from the original (PDF) on 24 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ Solomon, Hussein (1996). "Strategic Perspectives on Illegal Immigration into South Africa". African Security Review. 5 (4): 3. doi:10.1080/10246029.1996.9627681. Archived from the original on 19 October 2005. 
^ Mattes, Robert; Crush, Jonathan & Richmond, Wayne. "The Brain Gain: Skilled Migrants and Immigration Policy in Post-Apartheid South Africa". Southern African Migration Project, Queens College, Canada. Archived from the original on 25 November 2005. 
^ a b "South Africa". The World Factbook. CIA. 
^ Unequal protection the state response to violent crime on South African farms. Human Rights Watch. 2001. ISBN 1-56432-263-7. 
^ Mohamed, Najma (2000). "Greening Land and Agrarian Reform: A Case for Sustainable Agriculture". In Ben Cousins. At the Crossroads: Land and Agrarian Reform in South Africa Into the 21st Century. Programme for Land and Agrarian Studies (PLAAS). ISBN 978-1-86808-467-8. 
^ "African Countries of the Future 2013/14". fDiIntelligence.com. Retrieved 4 December 2013. 
^ Neva Makgetla (31 March 2010). "Inequality on scale found in SA bites like acid". Business Day. South Africa. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Black middle class boosts car sales in South Africa – Business – Mail & Guardian Online". Mail & Guardian. 15 January 2006. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Economic Assessment of South Africa 2008". OECD. Archived from the original on 23 April 2009. 
^ Collier, P. (3 December 2004). "World Bank, IMF study 2004". Journal of African Economies. Jae.oxfordjournals.org. 13: ii15. doi:10.1093/jae/ejh042. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ "Health Personnel in Southern Africa: Confronting maldistribution and brain drain" (PDF). Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ Haroon Bhorat; et al. (2002). "Skilled Labour Migration from Developing Countries: Study on South and Southern Africa" (PDF). International Labour Office. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "South Africa's brain-drain generation returning home". CNN World. 22 April 2009. Archived from the original on 16 December 2010. Retrieved 4 June 2011. 
^ "South Africa's brain drain reversing". Times Live. Retrieved 4 June 2011. 
^ "Graduates confident about SA". Times Live. Retrieved 4 June 2011. 
^ "SKA announces Founding Board and selects Jodrell Bank Observatory to host Project Office". SKA 2011. 2 April 2011. Retrieved 14 April 2011. 
^ "Africa and Australasia to share Square Kilometre Array". BBC. 25 May 2012. 
^ a b WHO/UNICEF:Joint Monitoring Programme for Water Supply and Sanitation:Data table South Africa Archived 9 February 2014 at the Wayback Machine., 2010. Retrieved 3 November 2012
^ ""Most progressive water utility in Africa" wins 2014Stockholm Industry Water Award". Stockholm International Water Institute (SIWI). Retrieved 8 June 2014. 
^ "Anti-immigrant violence spreads in South Africa, with attacks reported in Cape Town – The New York Times". International Herald Tribune. 23 May 2008. Archived from the original on 21 February 2009. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Escape From Mugabe: Zimbabwe's Exodus". Archived from the original on 24 January 2016. 
^ "More illegals set to flood SA". Fin24. Archived from the original on 14 February 2009. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "South African mob kills migrants". BBC. 12 May 2008. Retrieved 19 May 2008. 
^ Barry Bearak (23 May 2008). "Immigrants Fleeing Fury of South African Mobs". The New York Times. Retrieved 5 August 2008. 
^ Lehohla, Pali (5 May 2005). "Debate over race and censuses not peculiar to SA". Business Report. Archived from the original on 14 August 2007. Retrieved 25 August 2013. Others pointed out that the repeal of the Population Registration Act in 1991 removed any legal basis for specifying "race". The Identification Act of 1997 makes no mention of race. On the other hand, the Employment Equity Act speaks of "designated groups" being "black people, women and people with disabilities". The Act defines "Black" as referring to "Africans, coloureds and Indians". Apartheid and the racial identification which underpinned it explicitly linked race with differential access to resources and power. If the post-apartheid order was committed to remedying this, race would have to be included in surveys and censuses, so that progress in eradicating the consequences of apartheid could be measured and monitored. This was the reasoning that led to a "self-identifying" question about "race" or "population group" in both the 1996 and 2001 censuses, and in Statistics SA's household survey programme. 
^ Study Commission on U.S. Policy toward Southern Africa (U.S.) (1981). South Africa: time running out: the report of the Study Commission on U.S. Policy Toward Southern Africa. University of California Press. p. 42. ISBN 0-520-04547-5. 
^ a b c "World Refugee Survey 2008". U.S. Committee for Refugees and Immigrants. 19 June 2008. Archived from the original on 19 October 2014. 
^ "Constitution of South Africa, Chapter 1, Section 6". Fs.gov.za. Archived from the original on 13 November 2012. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ a b Census 2011: Census in brief (PDF). Pretoria: Statistics South Africa. 2012. pp. 23–25. ISBN 9780621413885. [permanent dead link]
^ "The languages of South Africa". SouthAfrica.info. 4 February 1997. Retrieved 7 November 2010. 
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ a b "South Africa – Section I. Religious Demography". U.S. Department of State. Retrieved 15 July 2006. 
^ Wessel Bentley; Dion Angus Forster (2008). "God's mission in our context, healing and transforming responses". Methodism in Southern Africa: A Celebration of Wesleyan Mission. AcadSA. pp. 97–98. ISBN 978-1-920212-29-2. 
^ van Wyk, Ben-Erik and van Oudtshoorn, Gericke N (1999). Medicinal Plants of South Africa. Pretoria: Briza Publications. p. 10. ISBN 978-1-875093-37-3. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "South Africa". State.gov. 15 September 2006. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ a b "In South Africa, many blacks convert to Islam / The Christian Science Monitor". The Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Muslims say their faith growing fast in Africa". Religionnewsblog.com. Retrieved 7 November 2010. 
^ Rebecca Weiner, Rebecca Weiner, ed. (2010), South African Jewish History and Information (PDF), Jewish Virtual Library, retrieved 13 August 2010 
^ "Black middle class explodes". FIN24. 22 May 2007. Archived from the original on 22 August 2007. 
^ "History of Scouting in South Africa". History of Scouting in South Africa. South African Scout Association. 2006. Retrieved 30 November 2006. 
^ Radford, Tim (16 April 2004). "World's Oldest Jewellery Found in Cave". London: Buzzle.com. Retrieved 16 April 2011. 
^ "The Nobel Prize in Literature: John Maxwell Coetzee". Swedish Academy. 2 October 2003. Retrieved 2 August 2009. 
^ "South African music after Apartheid: kwaito, the "party politic," and the appropriation of gold as a sign of success". Archived from the original on 13 June 2013. 
^ "South African Wine Guide: Stellenbosch, Constantia, Walker Bay and more". Thewinedoctor.com. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Sport in South Africa". SouthAfrica.info. Retrieved 28 June 2010. 
^ Cooper, Billy (12 July 2010). "South Africa gets 9/10 for World Cup". Mail & Guardian. Archived from the original on 15 July 2010. Retrieved 9 September 2010. 
^ "National adult literacy rates (15+), youth literacy rates (15–24) and elderly literacy rates (65+)". UNESCO Institute for Statistics. 
^ a b "A parent's guide to schooling". Retrieved 31 August 2010. 
^ "Education in South Africa". SouthAfrica.info. Archived from the original on 17 June 2010. Retrieved 20 June 2010. 
^ "Bantu Education". Overcoming Apartheid. Retrieved 20 June 2010. 
^ Cele, S'thembile; Masondo, Sipho (18 January 2015). "Shocking cost of SA’s universities". fin24.com. City Press. Retrieved 19 January 2015. 
^ "Human Development Report 2009 – South Africa". Hdrstats.undp.org. Archived from the original on 15 April 2010. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ Peoples Budget Coalition Comments on the 2011/12 Budget Archived 16 May 2012 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b "‘Clinic-in-a-Box’ seeks to improve South African healthcare". SmartPlanet. Archived from the original on 30 July 2013. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ "What does the demand for healthcare look like in SA?" (PDF). Mediclinic Southern Africa. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2 October 2013. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ a b c "Motsoaledi to reform private health care". Financial Mail. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ "South Africa". ICAP at Columbia University. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ http://www.therichest.com/rich-list/nation/the-biggest-hospitals-in-the-world/
^ "HIV and AIDS estimates (2015)". 
^ "South Africa HIV & AIDS Statistics". AVERT.org. Retrieved 6 May 2013. 
^ a b "AIDS orphans". Avert. Retrieved 8 October 2006. 
^ "Sack SA Health Minister – world's AIDS experts". afrol News. Retrieved 8 October 2006. 
^ "Situation Analysis. HIV & AIDS and STI Strategic Plan 2007–2011" (PDF). info.gov.za. Archived from the original (PDF) on 30 May 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Zuma announces AIDS reforms". UNPAN. Retrieved 9 March 2010. 


Further reading


A History of South Africa, Third Edition. Leonard Thompson. Yale University Press. 1 March 2001. 384 pages. ISBN 0-300-08776-4.
Economic Analysis and Policy Formulation for Post-Apartheid South Africa: Mission Report, Aug. 1991. International Development Research Centre. IDRC Canada, 1991. vi, 46 p. Without ISBN
Emerging Johannesburg: Perspectives on the Postapartheid City. Richard Tomlinson, et al. 1 January 2003. 336 pages. ISBN 0-415-93559-8.
Making of Modern South Africa: Conquest, Segregation and Apartheid. Nigel Worden. 1 July 2000. 194 pages. ISBN 0-631-21661-8.
South Africa: A Narrative History. Frank Welsh. Kodansha America. 1 February 1999. 606 pages. ISBN 1-56836-258-7.
South Africa in Contemporary Times. Godfrey Mwakikagile. New Africa Press. February 2008. 260 pages. ISBN 978-0-9802587-3-8.
The Atlas of Changing South Africa. A. J. Christopher. 1 October 2000. 216 pages. ISBN 0-415-21178-6.
The Politics of the New South Africa. Heather Deegan. 28 December 2000. 256 pages. ISBN 0-582-38227-0.
Twentieth-Century South Africa. William Beinart Oxford University Press 2001, 414 pages, ISBN 0-19-289318-1


External links



Wikimedia Commons has media related to South Africa.





Wikivoyage has a travel guide for South Africa.



Find more aboutSouth Africaat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Travel guide from Wikivoyage
Learning resources from Wikiversity



Government of South Africa
"South Africa". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. 
South Africa from UCB Libraries GovPubs
South Africa from the BBC News
 Wikimedia Atlas of South Africa







v
t
e


South Africa articles



History





Timeline
(years)




Early history
Cape Colony
Orange Free State
Transvaal
First Boer War
Second Boer War
Great Depression
World War II
Apartheid
Border War
Since 1994





By topic



Economic
Military








Geography







Districts
Earthquakes
Estuaries
Forests
Islands
Lakes
Mountain ranges
Municipalities
National parks
Populated places
Provinces
Rivers
Wildlife








Politics











Constitution
Courts
Elections
Foreign relations
Government
Human rights
Law
Parliament
Political parties
President






State security
and intelligence




Minister
Co-ordinating committee (NICC)
Intelligence agency (NIA)
Communications centre (NCC)
Communications security (COMSEC)
Secret Service (SASS)
Intelligence academy (SANAI)





Law enforcement



Department of Police
Police Service

Criminal intelligence (SAPS)
Special Task Force
National Intervention Unit
NFDD


Municipal Police
Independent Complaints Directorate
Department of Correctional Services
Biometrics use








Military



Department of Defence
Defence Force
Air Force
Army
Navy
Military Health Service
Special Forces
Commando System
Intelligence








Economy







Agriculture
Communications
Economic history
Energy
Foreign trade
Mining industry
Rand (currency)
Stock exchange
Taxation
Tourism
Trade unions
Transportation
Water and sanitation








Society







Crime
Education
Feminism
Health
Healthcare
Immigration
Intersex
Languages
LGBT
Racism
Religion
Sexual violence
Social movements
Xenophobia





Culture



Architecture
Art
Cinema
Cuisine
Flag
HIV/AIDS
Homelessness
Literature
Media
Music
Public holidays
Sports





Demographics



Asian

Indian
Chinese


Bantu

Ndebele
Pedi
Sotho
Swazi
Tsonga
Tswana
Venda
Xhosa
Zulu


Coloured

Cape Coloured
Cape Malay
Griqua


Khoisan
White

Afrikaner
British














Outline
Index



Category
Portal












v
t
e


Countries and territories of Africa



Sovereign states




entirely
in Africa



Algeria
Angola
Benin
Botswana
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Comoros
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Republic of the Congo
Djibouti
Egypt
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Ethiopia
Gabon
The Gambia
Ghana
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Ivory Coast (Côte d'Ivoire)
Kenya
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Madagascar
Malawi
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Niger
Nigeria
Rwanda
São Tomé and Príncipe
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Somalia
South Africa
South Sudan
Sudan
Swaziland
Tanzania
Togo
Tunisia
Uganda
Zambia
Zimbabwe





partly
in Africa



France

Mayotte
Réunion


Italy

Pantelleria
Pelagie Islands


Portugal

Madeira


Spain

Canary Islands
Ceuta
Melilla
Plazas de soberanía


Yemen

Socotra














Territories and
dependencies




Îles Éparses

France


Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha

UK


Southern Provinces (Western Sahara)1






States with limited
recognition




Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic
Somaliland






1 Unclear sovereignty.








Links to related articles











v
t
e


Group of Eight (G8) and Group of Eight + Five (G8+5)



G8 members



 Canada
 France
 Germany
 Italy
 Japan
 Russia
 United Kingdom
 United States





Representative



 European Union





G8+5



 Brazil
 China
 India
 Mexico
 South Africa





See also



Group of Six
Group of Seven
G7+1












v
t
e


G20 major economies






 Argentina
 Australia
 Brazil
 Canada
 China
 European Union
 France
 Germany
 India
 Indonesia
 Italy
 Japan
 Mexico
 Russia
 Saudi Arabia
 South Africa
 Republic of Korea
 Turkey
 United Kingdom
 United States












v
t
e


BRICS



Membership



 Brazil
 Russia
 India
 China
 South Africa





Summits



Yekaterinburg 2009
Brasília 2010
Sanya 2011
New Delhi 2012
Durban 2013
Fortaleza 2014
Ufa 2015
Goa 2016
Xiamen 2017





Bilateral relations



Brazil–China
Brazil–India
Brazil–Russia
Brazil–South Africa
China–India
China–Russia
China–South Africa
India–Russia
India–South Africa
Russia–South Africa





Leaders



 Temer
 Putin
 Modi
 Xi
 Zuma





Related



New Development Bank
BRICS Contingent Reserve Arrangement
BRICS Leaders
BRICS Cable
BRICS Universities League





BRICS U-17 Football Cup



2016 Goa












v
t
e


World Trade Organization



System



Accession and membership
Appellate Body
Dispute Settlement Body
International Trade Centre
Chronology of key events





Issues



Criticism
Doha Development Round
Singapore issues
Quota Elimination
Peace Clause





Agreements



General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
Agriculture
Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures
Technical Barriers to Trade
Trade Related Investment Measures
Trade in Services
Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights
Government Procurement
Information Technology
Marrakech Agreement
Doha Declaration
Bali Package





Ministerial
Conferences



1st (1996)
2nd (1998)
3rd (1999)
4th (2001)
5th (2003)
6th (2005)
7th (2009)
8th (2011)
9th (2013)
10th (2015)





People



Roberto Azevêdo (Director-General)
Pascal Lamy (former Director-General)
Supachai Panitchpakdi (former Director-General)
Deputy Directors-General:

Yonov Frederick Agah
Karl Brauner
David Shark
Yi Xiaozhun

former: Alejandro Jara
Valentine Rugwabiza
Harsha Singh
Rufus Yerxa









Members



Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
Angola
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belize
Benin
Bolivia
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Republic of the Congo
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Cuba
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
European Union¹
Fiji
Gabon
The Gambia
Georgia
Ghana
Grenada
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong²
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Israel
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
South Korea
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Lesotho
Liberia
Liechtenstein
Macau²
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Moldova
Mongolia
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nepal
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Qatar
Russia
Rwanda
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Suriname
Swaziland
Switzerland
Tajikistan
Taiwan³
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe


1. All twenty-eight member states of the European Union are also members of the WTO in their own right:

Austria
Belgium
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malta
Netherlands
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom


2. Special administrative regions of the People's Republic of China, participates as "Hong Kong, China" and "Macao China".
3. Officially the Republic of China, participates as "Separate Customs Territory of Taiwan, Penghu, Kinmen and Matsu", and "Chinese Taipei" in short.











v
t
e


Southern African Development Community (SADC)



Member states



Angola
Botswana
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Lesotho
Madagascar
Malawi
Mauritius
Mozambique
Namibia
Seychelles
South Africa
Swaziland
Tanzania
Zambia
Zimbabwe





Leaders




Chairpersons



Levy Mwanawasa
Kgalema Motlanthe





Secretaries-General



Kaire Mbuende
Prega Ramsamy
Tomaz Salomão








See also



Southern African Development Coordination Conference (forerunner)
Southern African Customs Union (SACU)
Common Monetary Area (CMA)
Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA)












v
t
e


African Union (AU)



History







Pan-Africanism
Casablanca Group
Monrovia Group
Abuja Treaty
Sirte Declaration
Lome Summit





Organisation of African Unity



Chairperson
Secretary General











Geography



Borders
Extreme points
Member states
Regions





Organs







Executive Council
Permanent Representatives' Committee
Specialized Technical Committees





Assembly



Chairperson





Commission



Chairperson
Deputy Chairperson
AUCC





Pan-African Parliament



Bureau
Secretariat
Gallagher Estate





African Court of Justice



African Court on Human and Peoples' Rights





ECOSOCC Committees



Peace and Security
Political Affairs
Infrastructure and Energy
Social Affairs and Health
HR, Sciences and Technology
Trade and Industry
Rural Economy and Agriculture
Economic Affairs
Women and Gender
Cross-Cutting Programs





Financial Institutions



African Central Bank
African Monetary Fund
African Investment Bank





Peace and Security Council



ACIRC
African Standby Force
Panel of the Wise
UNAMID
AMIB
AMIS
AMISOM
MISCA








Politics







APRM
Foreign relations
African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights
African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights
Enlargement





Symbols



Anthem
Emblem
Flag








Economy



Currencies
Development Bank
African Economic Community
NEPAD
African Free Trade Zone
Tripartite Free Trade Area





Culture



Africa Day
Languages





Theory



Afro
United States of Africa
United States of Latin Africa








 Category












v
t
e


Countries and territories bordering the Indian Ocean



Africa



Comoros
Djibouti
Egypt
Eritrea
France

Mayotte
Réunion


Kenya
Madagascar
Mauritius
Mozambique
Rodrigues (Mauritius)
Seychelles
Somalia
South Africa
Sudan
Tanzania
Zanzibar, Tanzania








Asia



Bahrain
Bangladesh
British Indian Ocean Territory

Chagos Archipelago - United Kingdom


Christmas Island (Australia)
Cocos (Keeling) Islands (Australia)
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Israel
Jordan
Kuwait
Malaysia
Maldives
Myanmar
Oman
Pakistan
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Sri Lanka
Thailand
Timor-Leste
United Arab Emirates
Yemen





Other



Antarctica

Australian Antarctic Territory
French Southern and Antarctic Lands
Heard Island and McDonald Islands


Australia












v
t
e


Peri-Antarctic countries and overseas territories






Argentina
Australia

Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Macquarie Island


Bouvet Island
Chile
Falkland Islands
French Southern and Antarctic Lands

Kerguelen Islands


New Zealand

New Zealand Subantarctic Islands


South Africa

Prince Edward Islands


South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands









"Peri-Antarctic" (meaning "close to the Antarctic") does not include territorial claims in Antarctica itself.










v
t
e


Members of the Commonwealth of Nations



Sovereign states
(Members)



Antigua and Barbuda
Australia
Bahamas
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belize
Botswana
Brunei
Cameroon
Canada
Cyprus
Dominica
Fiji
Ghana
Grenada
Guyana
India
Jamaica
Kenya
Kiribati
Lesotho
Malawi
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mozambique
Namibia
Nauru
New Zealand
Nigeria
Pakistan
Papua New Guinea
Rwanda
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Swaziland
Tanzania
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tuvalu
Uganda
United Kingdom
Vanuatu
Zambia





Dependencies
of Members




Australia



Ashmore and Cartier Islands
Australian Antarctic Territory
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Coral Sea Islands
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Norfolk Island





New Zealand



Cook Islands
Niue
Ross Dependency
Tokelau





United Kingdom



Akrotiri and Dhekelia
Anguilla
Bermuda
British Antarctic Territory
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Cayman Islands
Falkland Islands
Gibraltar
Guernsey
Isle of Man
Jersey
Montserrat
Pitcairn Islands
St. Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Turks and Caicos Islands









Source: Commonwealth Secretariat - Member States










v
t
e


English-speaking world






Click on a coloured area to see an article about English in that country or region






































































Further links







Articles



English-speaking world
History of the English language
British Empire
English in the Commonwealth of Nations





Lists



List of countries by English-speaking population
List of countries where English is an official language









 







Countries and territories where English is the national language or the native language of the majority





Africa



Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha





Americas



Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
The Bahamas
Barbados
Belize
Bermuda
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Dominica
Falkland Islands
Grenada
Guyana
Jamaica
Montserrat
Saba
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Sint Eustatius
Sint Maarten
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Trinidad and Tobago
Turks and Caicos Islands
United States
United States Virgin Islands





Europe



Guernsey
Ireland
Isle of Man
Jersey
United Kingdom





Oceania



Australia
New Zealand
Norfolk Island
Pitcairn Islands








 







Countries and territories where English is an official language, but not the majority first language





Africa



Botswana
Cameroon
The Gambia
Ghana
Kenya
Lesotho
Liberia
Malawi
Mauritius
Namibia
Nigeria
Rwanda
Sierra Leone
Somaliland
South Africa
South Sudan
Sudan
Swaziland
Tanzania
Uganda
Zambia
Zimbabwe





Americas



Puerto Rico





Asia



Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
India
Pakistan
Philippines
Singapore





Europe



Gibraltar
Malta





Oceania



American Samoa
Cook Islands
Fiji
Guam
Kiribati
Marshall Islands
Micronesia
Nauru
Niue
Northern Mariana Islands
Palau
Papua New Guinea
Samoa
Solomon Islands
Tokelau
Tuvalu
Vanuatu












Dependencies shown in italics.















Coordinates: 30°S 25°E﻿ / ﻿30°S 25°E﻿ / -30; 25



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 159069376
LCCN: n79023005
ISNI: 0000 0001 2167 3042
GND: 4078012-0
SUDOC: 028016009
BNF: cb11993638s (data)
NLA: 35513495
NDL: 00567657










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=South_Africa&oldid=792672918"					
Categories: South AfricaSouthern African countriesEnglish-speaking countries and territoriesG20 nationsLiberal democraciesMember states of the African UnionMember states of the Commonwealth of NationsMember states of the United NationsStates and territories established in 1910Commonwealth republicsAfrikaans-speaking countries and territoriesBantu countries and territoriesBRICS nationsCountries in AfricaHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksCS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listWikipedia articles incorporating a citation from the 1911 Encyclopaedia Britannica with Wikisource referencePages using citations with accessdate and no URLArticles with dead external links from June 2017Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia pages semi-protected against vandalismWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesUse dmy dates from March 2017Use South African English from September 2013All Wikipedia articles written in South African EnglishArticles containing Afrikaans-language textArticles containing non-English-language textArticles containing Sotho-language textArticles containing Southern Ndebele-language textArticles containing Swati-language textArticles containing Tsonga-language textArticles containing Tswana-language textArticles containing Venda-language textArticles containing Xhosa-language textArticles containing Zulu-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2013All articles with failed verificationArticles with failed verification from October 2011Wikipedia articles needing clarification from October 2011Pages using columns with the default column widthArticles with unsourced statements from May 2010Use South African English from July 2013Coordinates on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikinewsWikiquoteWikivoyage 



Languages


AcèhАдыгэбзэАдыгабзэAfrikaansAkanAlemannischአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةAragonésArpetanAsturianuAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaتۆرکجهBamanankanবাংলাBahasa BanjarBân-lâm-gúБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎भोजपुरीBikol CentralБългарскиBoarischབོད་ཡིགBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàЧӑвашлаCebuanoČeštinaChi-ChewaChiShonaCymraegDanskDeitschDeutschދިވެހިބަސްDiné bizaadDolnoserbskiཇོང་ཁEestiΕλληνικάEmiliàn e rumagnòlEspañolEsperantoEstremeñuEuskaraEʋegbeفارسیFiji HindiFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGagauzGàidhligGalego贛語Gĩkũyũગુજરાતીगोंयची कोंकणी / Gõychi Konknni客家語/Hak-kâ-ngîХальмг한국어HausaՀայերենहिन्दीHornjoserbsceHrvatskiIdoIgboIlokanoবিষ্ণুপ্রিয়া মণিপুরীBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueИронIsiXhosaIsiZuluÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡKapampanganКъарачай-малкъарქართულიकॉशुर / کٲشُرҚазақшаKernowekKinyarwandaKiswahiliКомиKongoKreyòl ayisyenKurdîКыргызчаLadinoЛезгиلۊری شومالیLatgaļuLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLimburgsLingálaLivvinkarjalaLa .lojban.LugandaLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMaltiMāoriमराठीმარგალურიمصرىمازِرونیBahasa MelayuBaso MinangkabauMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄MirandésМокшеньМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNāhuatlDorerin NaoeroNederlandsNedersaksiesनेपालीनेपाल भाषा日本語НохчийнNordfriiskNorfuk / PitkernNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskNouormandNovialOccitanଓଡ଼ିଆOromooOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀपालिپنجابیPapiamentuپښتوPatoisភាសាខ្មែរPiemontèisTok PisinPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsQaraqalpaqshaQırımtatarcaReo tahitiRipoarischRomânăRumantschRuna SimiРусиньскыйРусскийСаха тылаSámegiellaसंस्कृतम्SängöSarduScotsSeelterskSesothoSesotho sa LeboaSetswanaShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishسنڌيSiSwatiSlovenčinaSlovenščinaŚlůnskiSoomaaligaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitTarandíneТатарча/tatarçaతెలుగుไทยትግርኛТоҷикӣTsetsêhestâheseTshivendaತುಳುTürkçeTürkmençeУкраїнськаاردوئۇيغۇرچە / UyghurcheVahcuenghVènetoVepsän kel’Tiếng ViệtVolapükVõroWalon文言West-VlamsWinarayWolof吴语XitsongaייִדישYorùbá粵語ZazakiZeêuwsŽemaitėška中文डोटेलीKabɩyɛ 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 27 July 2017, at 22:30.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









South Africa - Wikipedia




















 







South Africa

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the modern country. For other uses, see South Africa (disambiguation).





Republic of South Africa

10 other official names:[1]
Republiek van Suid-Afrika  (Afrikaans)
Repabliki ya Afrika-Borwa  (Northern Sotho)
Rephaboliki ya Afrika Borwa  (Sotho)
iRiphabliki yeSewula Afrika  (Southern Ndebele)
iRiphabhulikhi yeNingizimu Afrika  (Swati)
Riphabliki ra Afrika Dzonga  (Tsonga)
Rephaboliki ya Aforika Borwa  (Tswana)
Riphabuḽiki ya Afurika Tshipembe  (Venda)
iRiphabliki yomZantsi Afrika  (Xhosa)
iRiphabhuliki yaseNingizimu Afrika  (Zulu)










Flag



Coat of arms






Motto: "!ke e: ǀxarra ǁke" (ǀXam)
"Unity in Diversity"




Anthem: National anthem of South Africa

















Location of  South Africa  (dark blue)
in the African Union  (light blue)








Capital



Pretoria (executive)
Bloemfontein (judicial)
Cape Town (legislative)





Largest city
Johannesburg[2]


Official languages

[Note 1]

11 languages

Afrikaans
Northern Sotho
English
Southern Ndebele
Southern Sotho
Swazi
Tsonga
Tswana
Venda
Xhosa
Zulu





Ethnic groups (2014[3])



80.2% Black
8.8% Coloured
8.4% White
2.5% Asian





Religion
See Religion in South Africa


Demonym
South African


Government
Unitary parliamentary constitutional republic



• President

Jacob Zuma



• Deputy President

Cyril Ramaphosa


Legislature
Parliament



• Upper house

National Council



• Lower house

National Assembly


Independence from the United Kingdom



• Union

31 May 1910



• Self-governance

11 December 1931



• Republic

31 May 1961



• Current constitution

4 February 1997


Area



• Total

1,221,037 km2 (471,445 sq mi) (24th)



• Water (%)

negligible


Population



• 2015 estimate

54,956,900[4] (25th)



• 2011 census

51,770,560[5]:18



• Density

42.4/km2 (109.8/sq mi) (169th)


GDP (PPP)
2016 estimate



• Total

$742.461 billion[6] (30th)



• Per capita

$13,321[6] (90th)


GDP (nominal)
2016 estimate



• Total

$326.541 billion[6] (35th)



• Per capita

$5,859[6] (88th)


Gini (2009)
63.1[7]
very high


HDI (2014)
 0.666[8]
medium · 116th


Currency
South African rand (ZAR)


Time zone
SAST (UTC+2)


Drives on the
left


Calling code
+27


ISO 3166 code
ZA


Internet TLD
.za


South Africa, officially the Republic of South Africa (RSA), is the southernmost country in Africa. It is bounded on the south by 2,798 kilometres (1,739 mi) of coastline of Southern Africa stretching along the South Atlantic and Indian Oceans;[9][10][11] on the north by the neighbouring countries of Namibia, Botswana, and Zimbabwe; and on the east and northeast by Mozambique and Swaziland; and surrounds the kingdom of Lesotho.[12] South Africa is the 25th-largest country in the world by land area, and with close to 56,000,000 people, is the world's 24th-most populous nation. It is the southernmost country on the mainland of the Old World or the Eastern Hemisphere. About 80% of South Africans are of Sub-Saharan African ancestry,[5] divided among a variety of ethnic groups speaking different Bantu languages, nine of which have official status.[11] The remaining population consists of Africa's largest communities of European (white), Asian (Indian), and multiracial (coloured) ancestry.
South Africa is a multiethnic society encompassing a wide variety of cultures, languages, and religions. Its pluralistic makeup is reflected in the constitution's recognition of eleven official languages, which is among the highest number of any country in the world.[11] Two of these languages are of European origin: Afrikaans developed from Dutch and serves as the first language of most white and coloured South Africans; English reflects the legacy of British colonialism, and is commonly used in public and commercial life, though it is fourth-ranked as a spoken first language.[11] The country is one of the few in Africa never to have had a coup d'état, and regular elections have been held for almost a century. However, the vast majority of Black South Africans were not enfranchised until 1994. During the twentieth century, the Black majority sought to recover its rights from the dominant White minority, with this struggle playing a large role in the country's recent history and politics. The National Party imposed the apartheid system in 1948, institutionalising previous racial segregation. After a long and sometimes violent struggle by the African National Congress and other anti-apartheid activists both inside and outside the country, discriminatory laws began to be repealed or abolished from 1990 onwards.
Since 1994, all ethnic and linguistic groups have held political representation in the country's democracy, which comprises a parliamentary republic and nine provinces. South Africa is often referred to as the "Rainbow Nation" to describe the country's multicultural diversity, especially in the wake of apartheid.[13] The World Bank classifies South Africa as an upper-middle-income economy, and a newly industrialised country.[14][15] Its economy is the second-largest in Africa, and the 34th-largest in the world.[6] In terms of purchasing power parity, South Africa has the seventh-highest per capita income in Africa. However, poverty and inequality remain widespread, with about a quarter of the population unemployed and living on less than US$1.25 a day.[16][17] Nevertheless, South Africa has been identified as a middle power in international affairs, and maintains significant regional influence.[18][19]



Contents


1 Name
2 History

2.1 Prehistoric finds
2.2 Bantu expansion
2.3 Portuguese contacts
2.4 Dutch colonisation
2.5 British colonisation

2.5.1 Independence
2.5.2 Beginning of apartheid


2.6 Republic

2.6.1 End of apartheid




3 Geography

3.1 Climate
3.2 Biodiversity

3.2.1 Animals
3.2.2 Fungi
3.2.3 Plants


3.3 Conservation issues


4 Politics and government

4.1 Law
4.2 Foreign relations
4.3 Military
4.4 Administrative divisions


5 Economy

5.1 Labour market
5.2 Science and technology
5.3 Water supply and sanitation


6 Demographics

6.1 Languages
6.2 Urban centres
6.3 Religion


7 Culture

7.1 Arts
7.2 Popular culture
7.3 Cuisine
7.4 Sports


8 Education
9 Health

9.1 HIV/AIDS


10 See also
11 Notes
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Name
See also: Official names of South Africa
The name "South Africa" is derived from the country's geographic location at the southern tip of Africa. Upon formation the country was named the Union of South Africa in English, reflecting its origin from the unification of four formerly separate British colonies. Since 1961 the long form name in English has been the "Republic of South Africa". In Dutch the country was named Republiek van Zuid-Afrika, replaced in 1983 by the Afrikaans Republiek van Suid-Afrika. Since 1994 the Republic has had an official name in each of its 11 official languages.
Mzansi, derived from the Xhosa noun umzantsi meaning "south", is a colloquial name for South Africa,[20][21] while some Pan-Africanist political parties prefer the term "Azania".[22]
History
Main article: History of South Africa
Prehistoric finds
South Africa contains some of the oldest archaeological and human fossil sites in the world.[23][24][25] Extensive fossil remains have been recovered from a series of caves in Gauteng Province. The area is a UNESCO World Heritage site and has been termed the Cradle of Humankind. The sites include Sterkfontein, which is one of the richest hominin fossil sites in the world. Other sites include Swartkrans, Gondolin Cave Kromdraai, Coopers Cave and Malapa. The first hominin fossil discovered in Africa, the Taung Child was found near Taung in 1924. Further hominin remains have been recovered from the sites of Makapansgat in Limpopo, Cornelia and Florisbad in the Free State, Border Cave in KwaZulu-Natal, Klasies River Mouth in eastern Cape and Pinnacle Point, Elandsfontein and Die Kelders Cave in Western Cape. These sites suggest that various hominid species existed in South Africa from about three million years ago starting with Australopithecus africanus.[26] These were succeeded by various species, including Australopithecus sediba, Homo ergaster, Homo erectus, Homo rhodesiensis, Homo helmei, Homo naledi and modern humans, Homo sapiens. Modern humans have inhabited Southern Africa for at least 170,000 years.
Within the Vaal River valley, pebble tools have been located.[27]
Bantu expansion




Mapungubwe Hill, the site of the former capital of the Kingdom of Mapungubwe


Settlements of Bantu-speaking peoples, who were iron-using agriculturists and herdsmen, were already present south of the Limpopo River (now the northern border with Botswana and Zimbabwe) by the 4th or 5th century CE. (See Bantu expansion.) They displaced, conquered and absorbed the original Khoisan speakers, the Khoikhoi and San peoples. The Bantu slowly moved south. The earliest ironworks in modern-day KwaZulu-Natal Province are believed to date from around 1050. The southernmost group was the Xhosa people, whose language incorporates certain linguistic traits from the earlier Khoisan people. The Xhosa reached the Great Fish River, in today's Eastern Cape Province. As they migrated, these larger Iron Age populations displaced or assimilated earlier peoples. In Mpumalanga, several stone circles have been found along with the stone arrangement that has been named Adam's Calendar.
Portuguese contacts
At the time of European contact, the dominant ethnic group were Bantu-speaking peoples who had migrated from other parts of Africa about one thousand years before. The two major historic groups were the Xhosa and Zulu peoples.
In 1487, the Portuguese explorer Bartolomeu Dias led the first European voyage to land in southern Africa.[28] On 4 December, he landed at Walfisch Bay (now known as Walvis Bay in present-day Namibia). This was south of the furthest point reached in 1485 by his predecessor, the Portuguese navigator Diogo Cão (Cape Cross, north of the bay). Dias continued down the western coast of southern Africa. After 8 January 1488, prevented by storms from proceeding along the coast, he sailed out of sight of land and passed the southernmost point of Africa without seeing it. He reached as far up the eastern coast of Africa as, what he called, Rio do Infante, probably the present-day Groot River, in May 1488, but on his return he saw the Cape, which he first named Cabo das Tormentas (Cape of Storms). His King, John II, renamed the point Cabo da Boa Esperança, or Cape of Good Hope, as it led to the riches of the East Indies.[29] Dias' feat of navigation was later immortalised in Luís de Camões' Portuguese epic poem, The Lusiads (1572).
Dutch colonisation
See also: History of Cape Colony and Dutch Cape Colony




Charles Davidson Bell's 19th-century painting of Jan van Riebeeck, who founded the first European settlement in South Africa, arrives in Table Bay in 1652.


By the early 17th century, Portugal's maritime power was starting to decline, and English and Dutch merchants competed to oust Lisbon from its lucrative monopoly on the spice trade.[30] Representatives of the British East India Company did call sporadically at the Cape in search of provisions as early as 1601, but later came to favour Ascension Island and St. Helena as alternative ports of refuge.[31] Dutch interest was aroused after 1647, when two employees of the Dutch East India Company (VOC) were shipwrecked there for several months. The sailors were able to survive by obtaining fresh water and meat from the natives.[31] They also sowed vegetables in the fertile soil.[32] Upon their return to Holland they reported favourably on the Cape's potential as a "warehouse and garden" for provisions to stock passing ships for long voyages.[31]
In 1652, a century and a half after the discovery of the Cape sea route, Jan van Riebeeck established a victualing station at the Cape of Good Hope, at what would become Cape Town, on behalf of the Dutch East India Company.[33][34] In time, the Cape become home to a large population of "vrijlieden", also known as "vrijburgers" (free citizens), former Company employees who stayed in Dutch territories overseas after serving their contracts.[34] Dutch traders also imported thousands of slaves to the fledgling colony from Indonesia, Madagascar, and parts of eastern Africa.[35] Some of the earliest mixed race communities in the country were later formed through unions between vrijburgers, their slaves, and various indigenous peoples.[36] This led to the development of a new ethnic group, the Cape Coloureds, most of whom adopted the Dutch language and Christian faith.[36]
The eastward expansion of Dutch colonists ushered in a series of wars with the southwesterly migrating Xhosa tribe, as both sides competed for the pastureland necessary to graze their cattle near the Great Fish River.[37] Vrijburgers who became independent farmers on the frontier were known as Boers, with some adopting semi-nomadic lifestyles being denoted as trekboers.[37] The Boers formed loose militias, which they termed commandos, and forged alliances with Khoisan groups to repel Xhosa raids.[37] Both sides launched bloody but inconclusive offensives, and sporadic violence, often accompanied by livestock theft, remained common for several decades.[37]
British colonisation
Great Britain occupied Cape Town between 1795 and 1803 to prevent it from falling under the control of the French First Republic, which had invaded the Low Countries.[37] Despite briefly returning to Dutch rule under the Batavian Republic in 1803, the Cape was occupied again by the British in 1806.[38] Following the end of the Napoleonic Wars, it was formally ceded to Great Britain and became an integral part of the British Empire.[39] British immigration to South Africa began around 1818, subsequently culminating in the arrival of the 1820 Settlers.[39] The new colonists were induced to settle for a variety of reasons, namely to increase the size of the European workforce and to bolster frontier regions against Xhosa incursions.[39]




Depiction of a Zulu attack on a Boer camp in February 1838


In the first two decades of the 19th century, the Zulu people grew in power and expanded their territory under their leader, Shaka.[40] Shaka's warfare led indirectly to the Mfecane ("crushing") that devastated and depopulated the inland plateau in the early 1820s.[41][42] An offshoot of the Zulu, the Matabele people created a larger empire that included large parts of the highveld under their king Mzilikazi.
During the early 1800s, many Dutch settlers departed from the Cape Colony, where they had been subjected to British control. They migrated to the future Natal, Orange Free State, and Transvaal regions. The Boers founded the Boer Republics: the South African Republic (now Gauteng, Limpopo, Mpumalanga and North West provinces) and the Orange Free State (Free State).
The discovery of diamonds in 1867 and gold in 1884 in the interior started the Mineral Revolution and increased economic growth and immigration. This intensified British efforts to gain control over the indigenous peoples. The struggle to control these important economic resources was a factor in relations between Europeans and the indigenous population and also between the Boers and the British.[43]
The Anglo-Zulu War was fought in 1879 between the British Empire and the Zulu Kingdom. Following Lord Carnarvon's successful introduction of federation in Canada, it was thought that similar political effort, coupled with military campaigns, might succeed with the African kingdoms, tribal areas and Boer republics in South Africa. In 1874, Sir Henry Bartle Frere was sent to South Africa as High Commissioner for the British Empire to bring such plans into being. Among the obstacles were the presence of the independent states of the South African Republic and the Kingdom of Zululand and its army. The Zulu nation spectacularly defeated the British at the Battle of Isandlwana. Eventually though the war was lost resulting in the end of the Zulu nation's independence.




Boers in combat (1881)


The Boer Republics successfully resisted British encroachments during the First Boer War (1880–1881) using guerrilla warfare tactics, which were well suited to local conditions. The British returned with greater numbers, more experience, and new strategy in the Second Boer War (1899–1902) but suffered heavy casualties through attrition; nonetheless, they were ultimately successful.
Independence
Within the country, anti-British policies among white South Africans focused on independence. During the Dutch and British colonial years, racial segregation was mostly informal, though some legislation was enacted to control the settlement and movement of native people, including the Native Location Act of 1879 and the system of pass laws.[44][45][46][47][48]
Eight years after the end of the Second Boer War and after four years of negotiation, an act of the British Parliament (South Africa Act 1909) granted nominal independence, while creating the Union of South Africa on 31 May 1910. The Union was a dominion that included the former territories of the Cape and Natal colonies, as well as the republics of Orange Free State and Transvaal.[49]
The Natives' Land Act of 1913 severely restricted the ownership of land by blacks; at that stage natives controlled only 7% of the country. The amount of land reserved for indigenous peoples was later marginally increased.[50]
In 1931 the union was fully sovereign from the United Kingdom with the passage of the Statute of Westminster, which abolished the last powers of the British Government on the country. In 1934, the South African Party and National Party merged to form the United Party, seeking reconciliation between Afrikaners and English-speaking "Whites". In 1939 the party split over the entry of the Union into World War II as an ally of the United Kingdom, a move which the National Party followers strongly opposed.
Beginning of apartheid




"For use by white persons" – apartheid sign


In 1948, the National Party was elected to power. It strengthened the racial segregation begun under Dutch and British colonial rule. The Nationalist Government classified all peoples into three races and developed rights and limitations for each. The white minority (less than 20%[51]) controlled the vastly larger black majority. The legally institutionalised segregation became known as apartheid. While whites enjoyed the highest standard of living in all of Africa, comparable to First World Western nations, the black majority remained disadvantaged by almost every standard, including income, education, housing, and life expectancy. The Freedom Charter, adopted in 1955 by the Congress Alliance, demanded a non-racial society and an end to discrimination.
Republic
On 31 May 1961, the country became a republic following a referendum in which white voters narrowly voted in favour thereof (the British-dominated Natal province rallied against the issue).[52] Queen Elizabeth II was stripped of the title Queen of South Africa, and the last Governor-General, namely Charles Robberts Swart, became State President. As a concession to the Westminster system, the presidency remained parliamentary appointed and virtually powerless until P. W. Botha's Constitution Act of 1983, which (intact in these regards) eliminated the office of Prime Minister and instated a near-unique "strong presidency" responsible to parliament. Pressured by other Commonwealth of Nations countries, South Africa withdrew from the organisation in 1961, and rejoined it only in 1994.
Despite opposition both within and outside the country, the government legislated for a continuation of apartheid. The security forces cracked down on internal dissent, and violence became widespread, with anti-apartheid organisations such as the African National Congress, the Azanian People's Organisation, and the Pan-Africanist Congress carrying out guerrilla warfare[53] and urban sabotage.[54] The three rival resistance movements also engaged in occasional inter-factional clashes as they jockeyed for domestic influence.[55] Apartheid became increasingly controversial, and several countries began to boycott business with the South African government because of its racial policies. These measures were later extended to international sanctions and the divestment of holdings by foreign investors.[56][57]




F. W. de Klerk and Nelson Mandela shake hands in January 1992


In the late 1970s, South Africa initiated a programme of nuclear weapons development. In the following decade, it produced six deliverable nuclear weapons.[58][59]
End of apartheid
The Mahlabatini Declaration of Faith, signed by Mangosuthu Buthelezi and Harry Schwarz in 1974, enshrined the principles of peaceful transition of power and equality for all, the first of such agreements by black and white political leaders in South Africa. Ultimately, F. W. de Klerk opened bilateral discussions with Nelson Mandela in 1993 for a transition of policies and government.
In 1990 the National Party government took the first step towards dismantling discrimination when it lifted the ban on the African National Congress and other political organisations. It released Nelson Mandela from prison after twenty-seven years' serving a sentence for sabotage. A negotiation process followed. With approval from a predominantly white referendum, the government repealed apartheid legislation. South Africa also destroyed its nuclear arsenal and acceded to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty. South Africa held its first universal elections in 1994, which the ANC won by an overwhelming majority. It has been in power ever since. The country rejoined the Commonwealth of Nations and became a member of the Southern African Development Community (SADC).




Nelson Mandela, first black African President of Republic of South Africa


In post-apartheid South Africa, unemployment has been extremely high as the country has struggled with many changes. While many blacks have risen to middle or upper classes, the overall unemployment rate of blacks worsened between 1994 and 2003.[60] Poverty among whites, previously rare, increased.[61] In addition, the current government has struggled to achieve the monetary and fiscal discipline to ensure both redistribution of wealth and economic growth. Since the ANC-led government took power, the United Nations Human Development Index of South Africa has fallen, while it was steadily rising until the mid-1990s.[62] Some may be attributed to the HIV/AIDS pandemic, and the failure of the government to take steps to address it in the early years.[63]
In May 2008, riots left over sixty people dead.[64] The Centre on Housing Rights and Evictions estimates over 100,000 people were driven from their homes.[65] The targets were mainly migrants and refugees seeking asylum, but a third of the victims were South African citizens.[64] In a 2006 survey, the South African Migration Project concluded that South Africans are more opposed to immigration than anywhere else in the world.[66] The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in 2008 reported over 200,000 refugees applied for asylum in South Africa, almost four times as many as the year before.[67] These people were mainly from Zimbabwe, though many also come from Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Rwanda, Eritrea, Ethiopia and Somalia.[67] Competition over jobs, business opportunities, public services and housing has led to tension between refugees and host communities.[67] While xenophobia is still a problem, recent violence has not been as widespread as initially feared.[67]
Geography
Main article: Geography of South Africa




A map of South Africa showing the main topographic features: the Central Plateau edged by the Great Escarpment, and the Cape Fold Belt in the south-west corner of the country






Important geographical regions in South Africa. The thick line traces the course of the Great Escarpment which edges the central plateau. The eastern portion of this line, coloured red, is known as the Drakensberg. The Escarpment rises to its highest point, at over 3000 m, where the Drakensberg forms the border between KwaZulu-Natal and Lesotho. None of the regions indicated on the map has a sharp well-defined border, except where the Escarpment, or a range of mountains forms a clear dividing line between two regions. Some of the better known regions are coloured in; the others are simply indicated by their names, as they would be in an atlas.


South Africa is located at the southernmost region of Africa, with a long coastline that stretches more than 2,500 km (1,553 mi) and along two oceans (the South Atlantic and the Indian). At 1,219,912 km2 (471,011 sq mi),[68] South Africa is the 25th-largest country in the world and is comparable in size to Colombia. Mafadi in the Drakensberg at 3,450 m (11,320 ft) is the highest peak in South Africa. Excluding the Prince Edward Islands, the country lies between latitudes 22° and 35°S, and longitudes 16° and 33°E.
The interior of South Africa consists of a vast, in most places almost flat, plateau with an altitude of between 1,000 m (3,300 ft) and 2,100 m (6,900 ft), highest in the east and sloping gently downwards towards the west and north, and slightly less noticeably so to the south and south-west.[69] This plateau is surrounded by the Great Escarpment[70] whose eastern, and highest, stretch is known as the Drakensberg.[71]
The south and south-western parts of the plateau (at approximately 1100–1800 m above sea level), and the adjoining plain below (at approximately 700–800 m above sea level – see map on the right) is known as the Great Karoo, which consists of sparsely populated scrubland. To the north the Great Karoo fades into the even drier and more arid Bushmanland, which eventually becomes the Kalahari desert in the very north-west of the country. The mid-eastern, and highest part of the plateau is known as the Highveld. This relatively well-watered area is home to a great proportion of the country’s commercial farmlands, and contains its largest conurbation (Gauteng Province). To the north of Highveld, from about the 25° 30' S line of latitude, the plateau slopes downwards into the Bushveld, which ultimately gives way to the Limpopo lowlands or Lowveld.[70]




Flat topped hills (called Karoo Koppies) are highly characteristic of the southern and southwestern Karoo landscape. These hills are capped by hard, erosion resistant dolerite sills. This is solidified lava that was forced under high pressure between the horizontal strata of the sedimentary rocks that make up most of the Karoo’s geology about 180 million years ago. Since then Southern Africa has undergone a prolonged period of erosion removing the relatively soft Karoo rocks, except where they are protected by a cap of dolerite. This photograph was taken near Cradock in the Eastern Cape.


The coastal belt, below the Great Escarpment, moving clockwise from the northeast, consists of the Limpopo Lowveld, which merges into the Mpumalanga Lowveld, below the Mpumalanga Drakensberg (the eastern portion of the Great Escarpment).[72] This is hotter, drier and less intensely cultivated than the Highveld above the escarpment.[70] The Kruger National Park, located in the provinces of Limpopo and Mpumalanga in northeastern South Africa, occupies a large portion of the Lowveld covering 19,633 square kilometres (7,580 sq mi.) [73] South of the Lowveld the annual rainfall increases as one enters KwaZulu-Natal Province, which, especially near the coast, is subtropically hot and humid. The KwaZulu-Natal – Lesotho international border is formed by the highest portion of the Great Escarpment, or Drakensberg, which reaches an altitude of over 3,000 m (9,800 ft).[74] The climate at the foot of this part of the Drakensberg is temperate.




Drakensberg, the eastern and highest portion of the Great Escarpment which surrounds the east, south and western borders of the central plateau of Southern Africa


The coastal belt below the south and south-western stretches of the Great Escarpment contains several ranges of Cape Fold Mountains which run parallel to the coast, separating the Great Escarpment from the ocean.[75][76] (These parallel ranges of fold mountains are shown on the map, above left. Note the course of the Great Escarpment to the north of these mountain ranges.) The land (at approximately 400–500 m above sea level) between two of these ranges of fold mountains in the south (i.e. between the Outeniqua and Langeberg ranges to the south and the Swartberg range to the north) is known as the Little Karoo,[70] which consists of semi-desert scrubland similar to that of the Great Karoo, except that its northern strip along the foothills of the Swartberg Mountains, has a somewhat higher rainfall and is therefore more cultivated than the Great Karoo. The Little Karoo is historically, and still, famous for its ostrich farming around the town of Oudtshoorn. The lowland area (700–800 m above sea level) to the north of the Swartberg mountain range up to the Great Escarpment is the lowland part of the Great Karoo (see map at top right), which is climatically and botanically almost indistinguishable from the Karoo above the Great Escarpment. The narrow coastal strip between the most seaward Cape Fold Mountain range (i.e., the Langeberg–Outeniqua mountains) and the ocean has a moderately high year-round rainfall, especially in the George-Knysna-Plettenberg Bay region, which is known as the Garden Route. It is famous for the most extensive areas of indigenous forests in South Africa (a generally forest-poor country).
In the south-west corner of the country the Cape Peninsula forms the southernmost tip of the coastal strip which borders the Atlantic Ocean, and ultimately terminates at the country’s border with Namibia at the Orange River. The Cape Peninsula has a Mediterranean climate, making it and its immediate surrounds the only portion of Africa south of the Sahara which receives most of its rainfall in winter.[77][78] The greater Cape Town metropolitan area is situated on the Cape Peninsula and is home to 3.7 million people according to the 2011 population census. It is the country's legislative capital.




Spring flowers in Namaqualand


The coastal belt to the north of the Cape Peninsula is bounded on the west by the Atlantic Ocean and the first row of north-south running Cape Fold Mountains to the east. The Cape Fold Mountains peter out at about the 32° S line of latitude,[76] after which the coastal plain is bounded by the Great Escarpment itself. The most southerly portion of this coastal belt is known as the Swartland and Malmesbury Plain, which is an important wheat growing region, relying on winter rains. The region further north is known as Namaqualand,[79] which becomes more and more arid as one approaches the Orange River. The little rain that falls, tends to fall in winter,[78] which results in one of the world’s most spectacular displays of flowers carpeting huge stretches of veld in spring (August–September).




Cape Floral Region Protected Areas.


South Africa also has one possession, the small sub-Antarctic archipelago of the Prince Edward Islands, consisting of Marion Island (290 km2 or 110 sq mi) and Prince Edward Island (45 km2 or 17 sq mi) (not to be confused with the Canadian province of the same name).
Climate
Main article: Climate of South Africa




Köppen climate types of South Africa


South Africa has a generally temperate climate, due in part to being surrounded by the Atlantic and Indian Oceans on three sides, by its location in the climatically milder Southern Hemisphere and due to the average elevation rising steadily towards the north (towards the equator) and further inland. Due to this varied topography and oceanic influence, a great variety of climatic zones exist. The climatic zones range from the extreme desert of the southern Namib in the farthest northwest to the lush subtropical climate in the east along the Mozambique border and the Indian Ocean. Winters in South Africa occur between June and August.
The extreme southwest has a climate remarkably similar to that of the Mediterranean with wet winters and hot, dry summers, hosting the famous fynbos biome of shrubland and thicket. This area also produces much of the wine in South Africa. This region is also particularly known for its wind, which blows intermittently almost all year. The severity of this wind made passing around the Cape of Good Hope particularly treacherous for sailors, causing many shipwrecks. Further east on the south coast, rainfall is distributed more evenly throughout the year, producing a green landscape. This area is popularly known as the Garden Route.
The Free State is particularly flat because it lies centrally on the high plateau. North of the Vaal River, the Highveld becomes better watered and does not experience subtropical extremes of heat. Johannesburg, in the centre of the Highveld, is at 1,740 m (5,709 ft) and receives an annual rainfall of 760 mm (29.9 in). Winters in this region are cold, although snow is rare.
The high Drakensberg mountains, which form the south-eastern escarpment of the Highveld, offer limited skiing opportunities in winter. The coldest place on mainland South Africa is Sutherland in the western Roggeveld Mountains, where midwinter temperatures can reach as low as −15 °C (5 °F). The Prince Edward Islands have colder average annual temperatures, but Sutherland has colder extremes. The deep interior of mainland South Africa has the hottest temperatures: a temperature of 51.7 °C (125.06 °F) was recorded in 1948 in the Northern Cape Kalahari near Upington,[80] but this temperature is unofficial and was not recorded with standard equipment, the official highest temperature is 48.8 °C (119.84 °F) at Vioolsdrif in January 1993.[81]
Biodiversity
See also: Wildlife of South Africa and Protected areas of South Africa
South Africa signed the Rio Convention on Biological Diversity on 4 June 1994, and became a party to the convention on 2 November 1995.[82] It has subsequently produced a National Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plan, which was received by the convention on 7 June 2006.[83] The country is ranked sixth out of the world's seventeen megadiverse countries.[84]
Animals




South African giraffe, Kruger National Park


Numerous mammals are found in the bushveld including Transvaal lions, African leopards, South African cheetahs, southern white rhinos, blue wildebeest, kudus, impalas, hyenas, hippopotamuses and South African giraffes. A significant extent of the bushveld exists in the north-east including Kruger National Park and the Sabi Sand Game Reserve, as well as in the far north in the Waterberg Biosphere. South Africa houses many endemic species, among them the critically endangered riverine rabbit (Bunolagus monticullaris) in the Karoo.
Fungi
Up to 1945, more than 4900 species of fungi (including lichen-forming species) had been recorded.[85] In 2006, the total number of fungi which occur in South Africa was conservatively estimated at about 200,000 species, but that did not take into account fungi associated with insects.[86] If correct, then the number of South African fungi dwarfs that of its plants. In at least some major South African ecosystems, an exceptionally high percentage of fungi are highly specific in terms of the plants with which they occur.[87] The country's biodiversity strategy and action plan does not mention fungi (including lichen-forming fungi).[83]
Plants




Sub-tropical forest near Durban






Lowveld vegetation of the Kruger National Park


With more than 22,000 different higher plants, or about 9% of all the known species of plants on Earth,[88] South Africa is particularly rich in plant diversity. The most prevalent biome in South Africa is the grassland, particularly on the Highveld, where the plant cover is dominated by different grasses, low shrubs, and acacia trees, mainly camel-thorn and whitethorn. Vegetation becomes even more sparse towards the northwest due to low rainfall. There are several species of water-storing succulents like aloes and euphorbias in the very hot and dry Namaqualand area. The grass and thorn savannah turns slowly into a bush savannah towards the north-east of the country, with denser growth. There are significant numbers of baobab trees in this area, near the northern end of Kruger National Park.[89]
The fynbos biome, which makes up the majority of the area and plant life in the Cape floristic region, one of the six floral kingdoms, is located in a small region of the Western Cape and contains more than 9,000 of those species, making it among the richest regions on earth in terms of plant diversity.[citation needed] Most of the plants are evergreen hard-leaf plants with fine, needle-like leaves, such as the sclerophyllous plants. Another uniquely South African flowering plant group is the genus Protea. There are around 130 different species of Protea in South Africa.
While South Africa has a great wealth of flowering plants, only 1% of South Africa is forest, almost exclusively in the humid coastal plain of KwaZulu-Natal, where there are also areas of Southern Africa mangroves in river mouths. There are even smaller reserves of forests that are out of the reach of fire, known as montane forests. Plantations of imported tree species are predominant, particularly the non-native eucalyptus and pine.
Conservation issues
South Africa has lost a large area of natural habitat in the last four decades, primarily due to overpopulation, sprawling development patterns and deforestation during the 19th century. South Africa is one of the worst affected countries in the world when it comes to invasion by alien species with many (e.g. black wattle, Port Jackson willow, Hakea, Lantana and Jacaranda) posing a significant threat to the native biodiversity and the already scarce water resources. The original temperate forest found by the first European settlers was exploited ruthlessly until only small patches remained. Currently, South African hardwood trees like real yellowwood (Podocarpus latifolius), stinkwood (Ocotea bullata), and South African black ironwood (Olea laurifolia) are under government protection. Statistics from the South African Environmental Affairs department show a record 1215 rhinos have been killed in 2014.[90]
Climate change is expected to bring considerable warming and drying to much of this already semi-arid region, with greater frequency and intensity of extreme weather events such as heatwaves, flooding and drought. According to computer generated climate modelling produced by the South African National Biodiversity Institute[91] parts of southern Africa will see an increase in temperature by about one degree Celsius along the coast to more than four degrees Celsius in the already hot hinterland such as the Northern Cape in late spring and summertime by 2050. The Cape Floral Kingdom, been identified as one of the global biodiversity hotspots, it will be hit very hard by climate change. Drought, increased intensity and frequency of fire and climbing temperatures are expected to push many rare species towards extinction.


Biodiversity of South Africa


King protea, national flower



Fynbos, Cape Floristic Region



Blue crane, national bird



Flowers in the West Coast National Park




Politics and government
Main articles: Government of South Africa, Politics of South Africa, Law of South Africa, and Human rights in South Africa




Union Buildings in Pretoria, seat of the executive






Houses of Parliament in Cape Town, seat of the legislature


South Africa is a parliamentary republic, although unlike most such republics the President is both head of state and head of government, and depends for his tenure on the confidence of Parliament. The executive, legislature and judiciary are all subject to the supremacy of the Constitution, and the superior courts have the power to strike down executive actions and acts of Parliament if they are unconstitutional.
The National Assembly, the lower house of Parliament, consists of 400 members and is elected every five years by a system of party-list proportional representation. The National Council of Provinces, the upper house, consists of ninety members, with each of the nine provincial legislatures electing ten members.
After each parliamentary election, the National Assembly elects one of its members as President; hence the President serves a term of office the same as that of the Assembly, normally five years. No President may serve more than two terms in office.[92] The President appoints a Deputy President and Ministers, who form the Cabinet which consists of Departments and Ministries. The President and the Cabinet may be removed by the National Assembly by a motion of no confidence.




Jacob Zuma, President of South Africa since 2009


In the most recent election, held on 7 May 2014, the African National Congress (ANC) won 62.2% of the vote and 249 seats, while the main opposition, the Democratic Alliance (DA) won 22.2% of the vote and 89 seats. The Economic Freedom Fighters, founded by Julius Malema, the former President of the ANC's Youth Wing who was later expelled from the ANC, won 6.4% of the vote and 25 seats. The ANC has been the governing political party in South Africa since the end of apartheid.
South Africa has no legally defined capital city. The fourth chapter of the Constitution of South Africa, states that "The seat of Parliament is Cape Town, but an Act of Parliament enacted in accordance with section 76(1) and (5) may determine that the seat of Parliament is elsewhere."[93] The country's three branches of government are split over different cities. Cape Town, as the seat of Parliament, is the legislative capital; Pretoria, as the seat of the President and Cabinet, is the administrative capital; and Bloemfontein, as the seat of the Supreme Court of Appeal, is the judicial capital, while the Constitutional Court of South Africa sits in Johannesburg. Most foreign embassies are located in Pretoria.
Since 2004, South Africa has had many thousands of popular protests, some violent, making it, according to one academic, the "most protest-rich country in the world".[94] There have been a number of incidents of political repression as well as threats of future repression in violation of this constitution leading some analysts and civil society organisations to conclude that there is or could be a new climate of political repression,[95][96] or a decline in political tolerance.[97]
In 2008, South Africa placed 5th out of 48 sub-Saharan African countries on the Ibrahim Index of African Governance. South Africa scored well in the categories of Rule of Law, Transparency & Corruption and Participation & Human Rights, but was let down by its relatively poor performance in Safety & Security.[98] In November 2006, South Africa became the first African country to legalise same-sex marriage.[99]
Law
See also: Crime in South Africa




Constitutional Court in Johannesburg


The Constitution of South Africa is the supreme rule of law in the country. The primary sources of South African law are Roman-Dutch mercantile law and personal law with English Common law, as imports of Dutch settlements and British colonialism.[100] The first European based law in South Africa was brought by the Dutch East India Company and is called Roman-Dutch law. It was imported before the codification of European law into the Napoleonic Code and is comparable in many ways to Scots law. This was followed in the 19th century by English law, both common and statutory. Starting in 1910 with unification, South Africa had its own parliament which passed laws specific for South Africa, building on those previously passed for the individual member colonies.
The judicial system consists of the magistrates' courts, which hear lesser criminal cases and smaller civil cases; the High Courts, which are courts of general jurisdiction for specific areas; the Supreme Court of Appeal, which is the highest court in all but constitutional matters; and the Constitutional Court, which hears only constitutional matters.




Soweto Pride 2012 participants protest against violence against lesbians. Human Rights in the country are widely positivized into laws but some groups still are socially discriminated. It is the first country in Africa recognizing same sex marriage.


Nearly 50 murders are committed each day in South Africa.[101] In the year ended March 2014 there were 17,068 murders and the murder rate was 32.2 per 100,000 - about five times higher than the global average of 6 per 100,000.[102] Middle-class South Africans seek security in gated communities.[103] The private security industry in South Africa is the largest in the world,[104] with nearly 9,000 registered companies and 400,000 registered active private security guards, more than the South African police and army combined.[105] Many emigrants from South Africa also state that crime was a big motivator for them to leave.[106] Crime against the farming community has continued to be a major problem.[107]
It is estimated that 500,000 women are raped in South Africa every year[108] with the average woman more likely to be raped than complete secondary school.[109] A 2009 survey found one in four South African men admitted to raping someone[110] and another survey found one in three women out of 4000 surveyed women said they had been raped in the past year.[111] Rapes are also perpetrated by children (some as young as ten).[112] Child and baby rape incidences are some of the highest in the world, largely as a result of the virgin cleansing myth, and a number of high-profile cases (sometimes as young as eight months[112]) have outraged the nation.[113]
Foreign relations
Main article: Foreign relations of South Africa




Leaders of the BRICS nations at the G-20 summit in Hangzhou, 2016


As the Union of South Africa, the country was a founding member of the United Nations. The then Prime Minister Jan Smuts wrote the preamble to the United Nations Charter.[114][115] South Africa is one of the founding members of the African Union (AU), and has the second largest economy of all the members. It is also a founding member of the AU's New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD).
South Africa has played a key role as a mediator in African conflicts over the last decade, such as in Burundi, the Democratic Republic of Congo, the Comoros, and Zimbabwe. After apartheid ended, South Africa was readmitted to the Commonwealth of Nations. The country is a member of the Group of 77 and chaired the organisation in 2006. South Africa is also a member of the Southern African Development Community, South Atlantic Peace and Cooperation Zone, Southern African Customs Union, Antarctic Treaty System, World Trade Organization, International Monetary Fund, G20, G8+5, and the Port Management Association of Eastern and Southern Africa.
South African President Jacob Zuma and Chinese President Hu Jintao upgraded bilateral ties between the two countries on 24 August 2010, when they signed the Beijing Agreement, which elevated South Africa's earlier "strategic partnership" with China to the higher level of "comprehensive strategic partnership" in both economic and political affairs, including the strengthening of exchanges between their respective ruling parties and legislatures.[116][117] In April 2011, South Africa formally joined the Brazil-Russia-India-China (BRICS) grouping of countries, identified by President Zuma as the country's largest trading partners, and also the largest trading partners with Africa as a whole. Zuma asserted that BRICS member countries would also work with each other through the UN, the Group of Twenty (G20) and the India, Brazil South Africa (IBSA) forum.[118]
Military
Main article: South African National Defence Force




SANDF soldiers


The South African National Defence Force (SANDF) was created in 1994,[119][120] as an all volunteer force composed of the former South African Defence Force, the forces of the African nationalist groups (Umkhonto we Sizwe and Azanian People's Liberation Army), and the former Bantustan defence forces.[119] The SANDF is subdivided into four branches, the South African Army, the South African Air Force, the South African Navy, and the South African Military Health Service.[121] In recent years, the SANDF has become a major peacekeeping force in Africa,[122] and has been involved in operations in Lesotho, the Democratic Republic of the Congo,[122] and Burundi,[122] amongst others. It has also served in multi-national UN peacekeeping forces such as the United Nations Force Intervention Brigade for example.
South Africa is the only African country to have successfully developed nuclear weapons. It became the first country (followed by Ukraine) with nuclear capability to voluntarily renounce and dismantle its programme and in the process signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 1991.[123] South Africa undertook a nuclear weapons programme in the 1970s[123] According to former state president FW de Klerk, the decision to build a "nuclear deterrent" was taken "as early as 1974 against a backdrop of a Soviet expansionist threat."[124] South Africa is alleged to have conducted a nuclear test over the Atlantic in 1979,[125] although this is officially denied. Former president FW de Klerk maintained that South Africa had "never conducted a clandestine nuclear test."[124] Six nuclear devices were completed between 1980 and 1990, but all were dismantled before South Africa signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 1991.[124]
Administrative divisions
Main article: Provinces of South Africa




Provinces of South Africa


Each of the nine provinces is governed by a unicameral legislature, which is elected every five years by party-list proportional representation. The legislature elects a Premier as head of government, and the Premier appoints an Executive Council as a provincial cabinet. The powers of provincial governments are limited to topics listed in the Constitution; these topics include such fields as health, education, public housing and transport.
The provinces are in turn divided into 52 districts: 8 metropolitan and 44 district municipalities. The district municipalities are further subdivided into 226 local municipalities. The metropolitan municipalities, which govern the largest urban agglomerations, perform the functions of both district and local municipalities.


Province
Provincial capital
Largest city
Area (km2)[126]
Population (2013)[4]


Eastern Cape
Bhisho
Port Elizabeth
168,966
6,620,100


Free State
Bloemfontein
Bloemfontein
129,825
2,753,200


Gauteng
Johannesburg
Johannesburg
18,178
12,728,400


KwaZulu-Natal
Pietermaritzburg
Durban
94,361
10,456,900


Limpopo
Polokwane
Polokwane
125,754
5,518,000


Mpumalanga
Nelspruit
Mbombela
76,495
4,128,000


North West
Mahikeng
Rustenburg
104,882
3,597,600


Northern Cape
Kimberley
Kimberley
372,889
1,162,900


Western Cape
Cape Town
Cape Town
129,462
6,016,900


Economy




Annual per capita personal income by ethnic group in South Africa relative to white levels


Main article: Economy of South Africa




The JSE is the largest stock exchange on the African continent.


South Africa has a mixed economy, the second-largest in Africa after Nigeria. It also has a relatively high GDP per capita compared to other countries in Sub-Saharan Africa ($11,750 at PPP as of 2012). Despite this, South Africa is still burdened by a relatively high rate of poverty and unemployment, and is also ranked in the Top 10 countries in the world for income inequality,[127][128][129] measured by the Gini coefficient.
Unlike most of the world's poor countries, South Africa does not have a thriving informal economy. Only 15% of South African jobs are in the informal sector, compared with around half in Brazil and India and nearly three-quarters in Indonesia. The OECD attributes this difference to South Africa's widespread welfare system.[130] World Bank research shows that South Africa has one of the widest gaps between per capita GNP versus its Human Development Index ranking, with only Botswana showing a larger gap.[131]
After 1994, government policy brought down inflation, stabilised public finances, and some foreign capital was attracted, however growth was still subpar.[132] From 2004 onwards, economic growth picked up significantly; both employment and capital formation increased.[132] During the presidency of Jacob Zuma, the government has begun to increase the role of state-owned enterprises. Some of the biggest state-owned companies are Eskom, the electric power monopoly, South African Airways (SAA), and Transnet, the railway and ports monopoly. Some of these state-owned companies have not been profitable, such as SAA, which has required bailouts totaling R30,000,000,000 ($2,300,000,000) over twenty years.[133]
South Africa is a popular tourist destination, and a substantial amount of revenue comes from tourism.[134] Illegal immigrants are involved in informal trading.[135] Many emigrants to South Africa continue to live in poor conditions, and the immigration policy has become increasingly restrictive since 1994.[136]
Principal international trading partners of South Africa—outside Africa—include: Germany, the United States, China, Japan, the United Kingdom and Spain.[137]
The South African agricultural industry contributes around 10% of formal employment, relatively low compared to other parts of Africa, as well as providing work for casual labourers and contributing around 2.6% of GDP for the nation.[138] Due to the aridity of the land, only 13.5% of the land can be used for crop production, and only 3% is considered high potential land.[139]
In August 2013, South Africa was ranked as the top African Country of the Future by FDi magazine based on the country's economic potential, labour environment, cost-effectiveness, infrastructure, business friendliness, and Foreign direct investment Strategy.[140]
The FSI ranks South Africa as the 36th safest tax haven in the world, ahead of the Philippines but behind the Bahamas.
Labour market




Workers packing pears for export in the Ceres valley


During 1995–2003, the number of formal jobs decreased and informal jobs increased; overall unemployment worsened.[60]
The government's Black Economic Empowerment policies have drawn criticism from Neva Makgetla, lead economist for research and information at the Development Bank of Southern Africa, for focusing "almost exclusively on promoting individual ownership by black people (which) does little to address broader economic disparities, though the rich may become more diverse."[141] Official affirmative action policies have seen a rise in black economic wealth and an emerging black middle-class.[142] Other problems include state ownership and interference, which impose high barriers to entry in many areas.[143] Restrictive labour regulations have contributed to the unemployment malaise.[60]
Along with many other African countries, South Africa has been experiencing a "brain drain" within the past twenty years. This is believed to be potentially damaging for the regional economy,[144][not in citation given][clarification needed] and is almost certainly detrimental for the well-being of those reliant on the healthcare infrastructure.[145] The skills drain in South Africa tends to demonstrate racial contours given the skills distribution legacy of South Africa and has thus resulted in large white South African communities moving abroad.[146] However, the statistics which purport to show a brain drain are disputed and also do not account for repatriation and expiry of foreign work contracts. According to several surveys[147][148] there has been a reverse in brain drain following the global financial crisis of 2008-2009 and the expiry of foreign work contracts. In the first quarter of 2011, confidence levels for graduate professionals were recorded at a level of 84% in a PPS survey.[149]
Science and technology
Main article: Science and technology in South Africa




Mark Shuttleworth in space


Several important scientific and technological developments have originated in South Africa. The first human-to-human heart transplant was performed by cardiac surgeon Dr. Christiaan Barnard at Groote Schuur Hospital in December 1967, Max Theiler developed a vaccine against yellow fever, Allan McLeod Cormack pioneered x-ray computed tomography, and Aaron Klug developed crystallographic electron microscopy techniques. With the exception of that of Barnard, all of these advancements were recognised with Nobel Prizes. Sydney Brenner won most recently, in 2002, for his pioneering work in molecular biology.
Mark Shuttleworth founded an early Internet security company Thawte, that was subsequently bought out by world-leader VeriSign. Despite government efforts to encourage entrepreneurship in biotechnology, IT and other high technology fields, no other notable groundbreaking companies have been founded in South Africa. It is the expressed objective of the government to transition the economy to be more reliant on high technology, based on the realisation that South Africa cannot compete with Far Eastern economies in manufacturing, nor can the republic rely on its mineral wealth in perpetuity.
South Africa has cultivated a burgeoning astronomy community. It hosts the Southern African Large Telescope, the largest optical telescope in the Southern Hemisphere. South Africa is currently building the Karoo Array Telescope as a pathfinder for the €1,500,000,000 Square Kilometre Array project.[150] On 25 May 2012, it was announced that hosting of the Square Kilometer Array Telescope will be split over both the South African and the Australia/New Zealand sites.[151]
Water supply and sanitation
Main article: Water supply and sanitation in South Africa
After the end of Apartheid, South Africa's newly elected ANC government struggled with the-then growing service and backlogs with respect to access to Water supply and Sanitation developed. The government thus made a strong commitment to high service standards and to high levels of investment subsidies to achieve those standards. Since then, the country has made some progress with regard to improving access to water supply: It reached universal access to an improved water source in urban areas, and in rural areas the share of those with access increased from 66% to 79% from 1990 to 2010.[152]
South Africa also has a strong water industry with a track record in innovation. However, much less progress has been achieved on sanitation: Access increased only from 71% to 79% during the same period.[152] Significant problems remain concerning the financial sustainability of service providers, leading to a lack of attention to maintenance. The uncertainty about the government's ability to sustain funding levels in the sector is also a concern. Two distinctive features of the South African water sector are the policy of free basic water and the existence of water boards, which are bulk water supply agencies that operate pipelines and sell water from reservoirs to municipalities.
In May 2014, it was announced that Durban's Water and Sanitation Department won the Stockholm Industry Water Award "for its transformative and inclusive approach", calling it "one of the most progressive utilities in the world". The city has connected 1,300,000 additional people to piped water and provided 700,000 with access to toilets in fourteen years. It also was South Africa's first municipality to put free basic water for the poor into practice. Furthermore, it has promoted Rainwater harvesting and mini hydropower.[153]
Demographics
Main article: Demographics of South Africa




Migrations that formed the modern Rainbow Nation






Map of population density in South Africa




  <1 /km2
  1–3 /km2
  3–10 /km2
  10–30 /km2
  30–100 /km2



  100–300 /km2
  300–1000 /km2
  1000–3000 /km2
  >3000 /km2






South Africa is a nation of about 55,000,000 (2016 estimate) people of diverse origins, cultures, languages, and religions. The last census was held in 2011. South Africa is home to an estimated 5,000,000 illegal immigrants, including some 3,000,000 Zimbabweans.[154][155][156] A series of anti-immigrant riots occurred in South Africa beginning on 11 May 2008.[157][158]
Statistics South Africa asks people to describe themselves in the census in terms of five racial population groups.[159] The 2011 census figures for these groups were Black African at 79.2%, White at 8.9%, Coloured at 8.9%, Asian at 2.5%, and Other/Unspecified at 0.5%.[5]:21 The first census in South Africa in 1911 showed that whites made up 22% of the population; it declined to 16% in 1980.[160]
South Africa hosts a sizeable refugee and asylum seeker population. According to the World Refugee Survey 2008, published by the US Committee for Refugees and Immigrants, this population numbered approximately 144,700 people in 2007.[161] Groups of refugees and asylum seekers numbering over 10,000 included people from Zimbabwe (48,400), The Democratic Republic of the Congo (24,800), and Somalia (12,900).[161] These populations mainly lived in Johannesburg, Pretoria, Durban, Cape Town, and Port Elizabeth.[161] Many refugees have now also started to work and live in rural areas in provinces such as Mpumalanga, KwaZulu-Natal and the Eastern Cape.
Languages
Main article: Languages of South Africa




A map showing the dominant South African languages.



  Afrikaans
  English
  Ndebele
  Xhosa
  Zulu
  Northern Sotho



  Sotho
  Tswana
  Swazi
  Venda
  Tsonga
  None dominant






South Africa has eleven official languages:[162] Afrikaans, English, Ndebele, Northern Sotho, Sotho, Swazi, Tswana, Tsonga, Venda, Xhosa, and Zulu. In this regard it is third only to Bolivia and India in number. While all the languages are formally equal, some languages are spoken more than others. According to the 2011 census, the three most spoken first languages are Zulu (22.7%), Xhosa (16.0%), and Afrikaans (13.5%).[163] Despite the fact that English is recognised as the language of commerce and science, it ranked fourth, and was listed as the first language of only 9.6% of South Africans in 2011 but remains the de facto lingua franca of the nation.[163]
The country also recognises several unofficial languages, including Fanagalo, Khoe, Lobedu, Nama, Northern Ndebele, Phuthi, and South African Sign Language.[164] These unofficial languages may be used in certain official uses in limited areas where it has been determined that these languages are prevalent.
Many of the unofficial languages of the San and Khoikhoi people contain regional dialects stretching northwards into Namibia and Botswana, and elsewhere. These people, who are a physically distinct population from other Africans, have their own cultural identity based on their hunter-gatherer societies. They have been marginalised to a great extent, and the remainder of their languages are in danger of becoming extinct.
Many White South Africans also speak European languages, including Portuguese (also spoken by Black Angolans and Mozambicans), German, and Greek, while some Asians in South Africa speak Asian languages, such as Gujarati, Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, and Urdu. French is spoken in South Africa by immigrants from French-speaking parts of Africa.
Urban centres



 


v
t
e


Largest cities or towns in South Africa
2011 Census



Rank
Name
Province
Pop.


1
City of Johannesburg
Gauteng
4,434,827[165]


2
City of Cape Town
Western Cape
3,740,026[166]


3
EThekwini Metropolitan Municipality
KwaZulu-Natal
3,442,361[167]


4
Ekurhuleni
Gauteng
3,178,470[168]


5
City of Tshwane
Gauteng
2,921,488[169]


6
Nelson Mandela Bay
Eastern Cape
1,152,115[170]


7
Buffalo City Metropolitan Municipality
Eastern Cape
755,200[171]


8
Mangaung
Free State
747,431[172]


9
Emfuleni
Gauteng
721,663[173]


10
Polokwane Local Municipality
Limpopo
628,999 [174]


Religion
Main article: Religion in South Africa




Nederduits Gereformeerde Kerk in Wolmaransstad






Sangoma performing a traditional baptism in Alexandra, Johannesburg


According to the 2001 census, Christians accounted for 79.8% of the population, with a majority of them being members of various Protestant denominations (broadly defined to include syncretic African initiated churches) and a minority of Roman Catholics and other Christians. Christian category includes Zion Christian (11.1%), Pentecostal (Charismatic) (8.2%), Roman Catholic (7.1%), Methodist (6.8%), Dutch Reformed (Nederduits Gereformeerde Kerk; 6.7%), Anglican (3.8%). Members of remaining Christian churches accounted for another 36% of the population. Muslims accounted for 1.5% of the population, Hindus 1.2%, traditional African religion 0.3% and Judaism 0.2%. 15.1% had no religious affiliation, 0.6% were other and 1.4% were unspecified.[137][175][176]
African initiated churches formed the largest of the Christian groups. It was believed that many of the persons who claimed no affiliation with any organised religion adhered to traditional African religion. There are an estimated 200,000 indigenous traditional healers in South Africa, and up to 60% of South Africans consult these healers,[177] generally called sangomas or inyangas. These healers use a combination of ancestral spiritual beliefs and a belief in the spiritual and medicinal properties of local fauna and flora, commonly known as muti, to facilitate healing in clients. Many peoples have syncretic religious practices combining Christian and indigenous influences.[178]
South African Muslims comprise mainly those who are described as "Coloured" and those who are described as Indians. They have been joined by Black or White South African converts as well as others from other parts of Africa.[179] South African Muslims claim that their faith is the fastest-growing religion of conversion in the country, with the number of black Muslims growing sixfold, from 12,000 in 1991 to 74,700 in 2004.[179][180]
South Africa is also home to a substantial Jewish population, descended from European Jews who arrived as a minority among other European settlers. This population peaked in the 1970s at 120,000, though only around 67,000 remain today, the rest having emigrated. Even so, these numbers make the Jewish community in South Africa the twelfth largest in the world.[181]
Ethnic Indian Hindus form another significant portion of the population.[175]
Culture
Main article: Culture of South Africa




Decorated houses, Drakensberg


The South African black majority still has a substantial number of rural inhabitants who lead largely impoverished lives. It is among these people that cultural traditions survive most strongly; as Blacks have become increasingly urbanised and Westernised, aspects of traditional culture have declined. Members of the middle-class, who are predominantly White but whose ranks include growing numbers of Black, Coloured and Indian people,[182] have lifestyles similar in many respects to that of people found in Western Europe, North America and Australasia.
The South African Scout Association was one of the first youth organisations to open its doors to youth and adults of all races in South Africa. This happened on 2 July 1977 at a conference known as Quo Vadis.[183]
Arts




Eland, rock painting, Drakensberg


South African art includes the oldest art objects in the world, which were discovered in a South African cave, and dated from 75,000 years ago.[184] The scattered tribes of Khoisan peoples moving into South Africa from around 10,000 BC had their own fluent art styles seen today in a multitude of cave paintings. They were superseded by Bantu/Nguni peoples with their own vocabularies of art forms. New forms of art evolved in the mines and townships: a dynamic art using everything from plastic strips to bicycle spokes. The Dutch-influenced folk art of the Afrikaner Trekboers and the urban white artists earnestly following changing European traditions from the 1850s onwards also contributed to this eclectic mix, which continues to evolve today.




Olive Schreiner


South African literature emerged from a unique social and political history. One of the first well-known novels written by a Black author in an African language was Solomon Thekiso Plaatje's Mhudi, written in 1930. During the 1950s, Drum magazine became a hotbed of political satire, fiction, and essays, giving a voice to urban Black culture.
Notable White South African authors include Alan Paton, who published the acclaimed novel Cry, the Beloved Country in 1948. Nadine Gordimer became the first South African to be awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1991. Her most famous novel, July's People, was released in 1981. J.M. Coetzee won the Nobel Prize for Literature, in 2003. When awarding the prize, the Swedish Academy stated that Coetzee "in innumerable guises portrays the surprising involvement of the outsider".[185]
The plays of Athol Fugard have been regularly premiered in fringe theatres in South Africa, London (The Royal Court Theatre) and New York. Olive Schreiner's The Story of an African Farm (1883) was a revelation in Victorian literature: it is heralded by many as introducing feminism into the novel form.
Breyten Breytenbach was jailed for his involvement with the guerrilla movement against apartheid. Andre Brink was the first Afrikaner writer to be banned by the government after he released the novel A Dry White Season.
Popular culture
The South African media sector is large, and South Africa is one of Africa's major media centres. While South Africa's many broadcasters and publications reflect the diversity of the population as a whole, the most commonly used language is English. However, all ten other official languages are represented to some extent or another.
There is great diversity in South African music. Black musicians have developed a unique style called Kwaito. Kwaito is said to have taken over radio, television, and magazines.[186] Of note is Brenda Fassie, who launched to fame with her song "Weekend Special", which was sung in English. More famous traditional musicians include Ladysmith Black Mambazo, while the Soweto String Quartet performs classic music with an African flavour. South Africa has produced world-famous jazz musicians, notably Hugh Masekela, Jonas Gwangwa, Abdullah Ibrahim, Miriam Makeba, Jonathan Butler, Chris McGregor, and Sathima Bea Benjamin. Afrikaans music covers multiple genres, such as the contemporary Steve Hofmeyr, the punk rock band Fokofpolisiekar and the singer-songwriter Jeremy Loops.
Although few South African film productions are known outside South Africa itself, many foreign films have been produced about South Africa. Arguably, the most high-profile film portraying South Africa in recent years was District 9. Other notable exceptions are the film Tsotsi, which won the Academy Award for Foreign Language Film at the 78th Academy Awards in 2006 as well as U-Carmen e-Khayelitsha, which won the Golden Bear at the 2005 Berlin International Film Festival. In 2015, Oliver Hermanus' film, The Endless River, became the first South African film selected for the Venice Film Festival.
Cuisine
Main article: South African cuisine




Meat on a traditional South African braai


South African culture is diverse; foods from many cultures are enjoyed by all and especially marketed to tourists who wish to sample the large variety of South African cuisine. In addition to food, music and dance feature prominently.[citation needed]
South African cuisine is heavily meat-based and has spawned the distinctively South African social gathering known as a braai, or barbecue. South Africa has also developed into a major wine producer, with some of the best vineyards lying in valleys around Stellenbosch, Franschhoek, Paarl and Barrydale.[187]
Sports
Main article: Sport in South Africa
South Africa's most popular sports are soccer, rugby and cricket.[188] Other sports with significant support are swimming, athletics, golf, boxing, tennis, ringball, and netball. Although soccer commands the greatest following among the youth, other sports like basketball, surfing and skateboarding are increasingly popular.
Soccer players who have played for major foreign clubs include Steven Pienaar, Lucas Radebe and Philemon Masinga, Benni McCarthy, Aaron Mokoena, and Delron Buckley. South Africa, hosted the 2010 FIFA World Cup, and FIFA president Sepp Blatter awarded South Africa a grade 9 out of 10 for successfully hosting the event. The 2010 FIFA World Cup also marked the first time the competition had been hosted on the African continent.[189]




The Springboks in a bus parade after winning the 2007 Rugby World Cup


Famous boxing personalities include Baby Jake Jacob Matlala, Vuyani Bungu, Welcome Ncita, Dingaan Thobela, Gerrie Coetzee and Brian Mitchell. Durban Surfer Jordy Smith won the 2010 Billabong J-Bay competition making him the #1 ranked surfer in the world. South Africa produced Formula One motor racing's 1979 world champion Jody Scheckter. Famous current cricket players include AB de Villiers, Hashim Amla, Dale Steyn, Vernon Philander, Faf du Plessis etc. Most of them also participate in the Indian Premier League.
South Africa has also produced numerous world class rugby players, including Francois Pienaar, Joost van der Westhuizen, Danie Craven, Frik du Preez, Naas Botha and Bryan Habana. South Africa hosted and won the 1995 Rugby World Cup and won the 2007 Rugby World Cup in France. It followed the 1995 Rugby World Cup by hosting the 1996 African Cup of Nations, with the national team going on to win the tournament. It also hosted the 2003 Cricket World Cup, the 2007 World Twenty20 Championship. South Africa has also won the inaugural edition of the 1998 ICC KnockOut Trophy by defeating West Indies in the final.South Africa team also went onto win the inaugural edition of the Blind Cricket World Cup in 1998.
In 2004, the swimming team of Roland Schoeman, Lyndon Ferns, Darian Townsend and Ryk Neethling won the gold medal at the Olympic Games in Athens, simultaneously breaking the world record in the 4x100 freestyle relay. Penny Heyns won Olympic Gold in the 1996 Atlanta Olympic Games. In 2012, Oscar Pistorius became the first double amputee sprinter to compete at the Olympic Games in London. In golf, Gary Player is generally regarded as one of the greatest golfers of all time, having won the Career Grand Slam, one of five golfers to have done so. Other South African golfers to have won major tournaments include Bobby Locke, Ernie Els, Retief Goosen, Tim Clark, Trevor Immelman, Louis Oosthuizen and Charl Schwartzel.
Education
Main article: Education in South Africa




Schoolchildren in Mitchell's Plain


The adult literacy rate in 2007 was 88.7%.[190] South Africa has a 3-tier system of education starting with primary school, followed by high school and tertiary education in the form of (academic) universities and universities of technology. Learners have twelve years of formal schooling, from Grades 1-12. Grade R is a pre-primary foundation year. [191] Primary schools span the first seven years of schooling.[192] High School education spans a further five years. The Senior Certificate examination takes place at the end of Grade 12 and is necessary for tertiary studies at a South African university.[191]
Public universities in South Africa are divided into three types: traditional universities, which offer theoretically-oriented university degrees; universities of technology ("Technikons"), which offer vocational oriented diplomas and degrees; and comprehensive universities, which offer both types of qualifications. There are 23 public universities in South Africa: 11 traditional universities, 6 universities of technology and 6 comprehensive universities.
Under apartheid, schools for Blacks were subject to discrimination through inadequate funding and a separate syllabus called Bantu Education which was only designed to give them sufficient skills to work as labourers.[193] In 2004, South Africa started reforming its higher education system, merging and incorporating smaller universities into larger institutions, and renaming all higher education institutions "university" to redress these imbalances. By 2015, 1,400,000 students in higher education have benefited from a financial aid scheme which was promulgated in 1999.[194]
Public expenditure on education was at 5.4% of the 2002–05 GDP.[195]
Health
Main article: Health in South Africa




AIDS has caused a fall in life expectancy.


According to the South African Institute of Race Relations, the life expectancy in 2009 was 71 years for a White South African and 48 years for a Black South African.[196] The healthcare spending in the country is about 9% of GDP.[197]
Only 16% of the population is covered by medical schemes.[198] About 20% use private healthcare.[199] The rest pay "out of pocket" or through hospital cash plans.[199] The three dominant hospital groups, Mediclinic, Life Healthcare and Netcare, together control 75% of the market.[199] About 84% of the population depend on the public healthcare system,[197] which is beset with chronic human resource shortages and limited resources.[200]
South Africa is home to the third-largest hospital in the world, the Chris Hani Baragwanath Hospital.[201]
HIV/AIDS
Main article: HIV/AIDS in South Africa
According to the 2015 UNAIDS Report, South Africa has an estimated 7,000,000 people living with HIV– more than any other country in the world.[202] A 2008 study revealed that HIV/AIDS infection in South Africa is distinctly divided along racial lines: 13.6% of Blacks are HIV-positive, whereas only 0.3% of Whites have the disease.[203] Most deaths are experienced by economically active individuals, resulting in many AIDS orphans who in many cases depend on the state for care and financial support.[204] It is estimated that there are 1,200,000 orphaned children in South Africa.[204]
The link between HIV, a virus spread primarily by sexual contact, and AIDS was long denied by prior president Thabo Mbeki and then health minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang, who insisted that the many deaths in the country are due to malnutrition, and hence poverty, and not HIV.[205] In 2007, in response to international pressure, the government made efforts to fight AIDS.[206] After the 2009 general election, President Jacob Zuma appointed Dr Aaron Motsoaledi as the new minister and committed his government to increasing funding for and widening the scope of AIDS treatment.[207]
See also


South Africa portal







Book: South Africa





Index of South Africa-related articles
Outline of South Africa


Notes



^ The Khoi, Nama and San languages, South African Sign Language, German, Greek, Gujarati, Hindi, Portuguese, Telugu, Tamil, Urdu, Arabic, Hebrew, Sanskrit and "other languages used for religious purposes in South Africa" have a special status (Chapter 1, Article 6 of the South African Constitution).



References


^ "The Constitution". Constitutional Court of South Africa. Retrieved 3 September 2009. 
^ "Principal Agglomerations of the World". Citypopulation.de. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ Mid-year population estimates 2014. Statistics South Africa
^ a b "Mid-year population estimates 2015" (PDF). Statistics South Africa. Retrieved 11 August 2015. 
^ a b c Census 2011: Census in brief (PDF). Pretoria: Statistics South Africa. 2012. ISBN 9780621413885. Retrieved 12 January 2013. [permanent dead link]
^ a b c d e "South Africa". International Monetary Fund. Retrieved 26 April 2015. 
^ "Gini Index". World Bank. Retrieved 2 March 2011. 
^ "2015 Human Development Report" (PDF). United Nations Development Programme. 2015. Retrieved 15 December 2015. 
^ "South African Maritime Safety Authority". South African Maritime Safety Authority. Retrieved 16 June 2008. 
^ "Coastline". The World Factbook. CIA. Retrieved 16 June 2008. 
^ a b c d "South Africa Fast Facts". SouthAfrica.info. April 2007. Retrieved 14 June 2008. 
^ Guy Arnold. "Lesotho: Year In Review 1996 – Britannica Online Encyclopedia". Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Rainbow Nation – dream or reality?". BBC News. 18 July 2008. Retrieved 10 August 2013. 
^ "South Africa". World Bank. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ David Waugh (2000). "Manufacturing industries (chapter 19), World development (chapter 22)". Geography: An Integrated Approach. Nelson Thornes. pp. 563, 576–579, 633, 640. ISBN 978-0-17-444706-1. Retrieved 24 August 2013. 
^ "South Africa's Unemployment Rate Increases to 23.5%". Bloomberg. 5 May 2009. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ "HDI" (PDF). UNDP. Archived from the original (PDF) on 19 December 2008. 
^ Cooper, Andrew F; Antkiewicz, Agata; Shaw, Timothy M (10 December 2007). "Lessons from/for BRICSAM about South-North Relations at the Start of the 21st Century: Economic Size Trumps All Else?". International Studies Review. 9 (4): 675, 687. doi:10.1111/j.1468-2486.2007.00730.x. 
^ David A. Lynch (2010). Trade and Globalization: An Introduction to Regional Trade Agreements. Rowman & Littlefield. p. 51. ISBN 978-0-7425-6689-7. Retrieved 25 August 2013. Southern Africa is home to the other of sub-Saharan Africa's regional powers: South Africa. South Africa is more than just a regional power; it is currently the most developed and economically powerful country in Africa, and now it is able to use that influence in Africa more than during the days of apartheid, when it was ostracised. 
^ Livermon, Xavier (2008). "Sounds in the City". In Nuttall, Sarah; Mbembé, Achille. Johannesburg: The Elusive Metropolis. Durham: Duke University Press. p. 283. ISBN 9780822381211. Mzansi is another black urban vernacular term popular with the youth and standing for South Africa. 
^ "Mzansi DiToloki". Deaf Federation of South Africa. Archived from the original on 16 January 2014. Retrieved 15 January 2014. uMzantsi in Xhosa means 'south', Mzansi means this country, South Africa 
^ Taylor, Darren. "South African Party Says Call Their Country ‘Azania’". VOA. Retrieved 18 February 2017. 
^ Wymer, John; Singer, R (1982). The Middle Stone Age at Klasies River Mouth in South Africa. Chicago: University of Chicago Press. ISBN 0-226-76103-7. 
^ Deacon, HJ (2001). "Guide to Klasies River" (PDF). Stellenbosch University. p. 11. Retrieved 5 September 2009. 
^ "Fossil Hominid Sites of Sterkfontein, Swartkrans, Kromdraai, and Environs". 
^ Stephen P. Broker. "Hominid Evolution". Yale-New Haven Teachers Institute. Retrieved 19 June 2008. 
^ Langer, William L., ed. (1972). An Encyclopedia of World History (5th ed.). Boston, MA: Houghton Mifflin Company. p. 9. ISBN 0-395-13592-3. 
^ Domville-Fife, C.W. (1900). The encyclopedia of the British Empire the first encyclopedic record of the greatest empire in the history of the world ed. London: Rankin. p. 25. 
^ Mackenzie, W. Douglas; Stead, Alfred (1899). South Africa: Its History, Heroes, and Wars. Chicago: The Co-Operative Publishing Company. 
^ Pakeman, SA. Nations of the Modern World: Ceylon (1964 ed.). Frederick A Praeger, Publishers. pp. 18–19. ASIN B0000CM2VW. 
^ a b c Alexander Wilmot & John Centlivres Chase. History of the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope: From Its Discovery to the Year 1819 (2010 ed.). Claremont: David Philip (Pty) Ltd. pp. 1–548. ISBN 978-1144830159. 
^ Kaplan, Irving. Area Handbook for the Republic of South Africa (PDF). pp. 46–771. 
^ "African History Timeline". West Chester University of Pennsylvania. 
^ a b Hunt, John (2005). Campbell, Heather-Ann, ed. Dutch South Africa: Early Settlers at the Cape, 1652-1708. Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press. pp. 13–35. ISBN 978-1904744955. 
^ Worden, Nigel. Slavery in Dutch South Africa (2010 ed.). Cambridge University Press. pp. 40–43. ISBN 978-0521152662. 
^ a b Nelson, Harold. Zimbabwe: A Country Study. pp. 237–317. 
^ a b c d e Stapleton, Timothy (2010). A Military History of South Africa: From the Dutch-Khoi Wars to the End of Apartheid. Santa Barbara: Praeger Security International. pp. 4–6. ISBN 978-0313365898. 
^ Keegan, Timothy. Colonial South Africa and the Origins of the Racial Order (1996 ed.). David Philip Publishers (Pty) Ltd. pp. 85–86. ISBN 978-0813917351. 
^ a b c Lloyd, Trevor Owen (1997). The British Empire, 1558-1995. Oxford: Oxford University Press. pp. 201–203. ISBN 978-0198731337. 
^ "Shaka: Zulu Chieftain". Historynet.com. Archived from the original on 9 February 2008. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Shaka (Zulu chief)". Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ W. D. Rubinstein (2004). Genocide: A History. Pearson Longman. p. 22. ISBN 978-0-582-50601-5. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Williams, Garner F (1905). The Diamond Mines of South Africa, Vol II. New York: B. F Buck & Co. pp. Chapter XX. 
^ Bond, Patrick (1999). Cities of gold, townships of coal: essays on South Africa's new urban crisis. Africa World Press. p. 140. ISBN 978-0-86543-611-4. 
^ Cape of Good Hope (South Africa). Parliament House. (1906). "Report of the Select Committee on Location Act". Cape Times Limited. Retrieved 30 July 2009. 
^ Godley, Godfrey Archibald, Welsh, William Thomson, Hemsworth, H. D (1920). "Report of the Inter-departmental committee on the native pass laws". Cape Times Limited, government printers: 2. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Great Britain Colonial Office; Transvaal (Colony). Governor (1901–1905: Milner) (January 1902). "Papers relating to legislation affecting natives in the Transvaal". His Majesty's Stationery Office. 
^ De Villiers, John Abraham Jacob (1896). The Transvaal. London: Chatto & Windus. pp. 30 (n46). Retrieved 30 July 2009. 
^  Cana, Frank Richardson (1911). "South Africa". In Chisholm, Hugh. Encyclopædia Britannica. 25 (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press. p. 467. 
^ "Native Land Act". South African Institute of Race Relations. 19 June 1913. Archived from the original on 14 October 2010. 
^ Beinart, William (2001). Twentieth-century South Africa. Oxford University Press. p. 202. ISBN 978-0-19-289318-5.
^ "Hendrik Frensch Verwoerd". South African History Online. Retrieved 9 March 2013. On 5 October 1960 a referendum was held in which White voters were asked "Do you support a republic for the Union?" — 52 percent voted 'Yes'. 
^ Gibson, Nigel; Alexander, Amanda; Mngxitama, Andile (2008). Biko Lives! Contesting the Legacies of Steve Biko. Hampshire: Palgrave Macmillan. p. 138. ISBN 978-0230606494. 
^ Switzer, Les (2000). South Africa's Resistance Press: Alternative Voices in the Last Generation Under Apartheid. Issue 74 of Research in international studies: Africa series. Ohio University Press. p. 2. ISBN 9780896802131. 
^ Mitchell, Thomas (2008). Native vs Settler: Ethnic Conflict in Israel/Palestine, Northern Ireland and South Africa. Westport: Greenwood Publishing Group. pp. 194–196. ISBN 978-0313313578. 
^ Bridgland, Fred (1990). The War for Africa: Twelve months that transformed a continent. Gibraltar: Ashanti Publishing. p. 32. ISBN 978-1-874800-12-5. 
^ Landgren, Signe. Embargo Disimplemented: South Africa's Military Industry (1989 ed.). Oxford University Press. pp. 6–10. ISBN 978-0-19-829127-5. 
^ "South Africa Profile". Nti.org. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ John Pike. "Nuclear Weapons Program (South Africa)". Globalsecurity.org. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ a b c "Post-Apartheid South Africa: the First Ten Years – Unemployment and the Labor Market" (PDF). IMF. 
^ "Zuma surprised at level of white poverty — Mail & Guardian Online: The smart news source". Mail & Guardian. 18 April 2008. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ "South Africa". Human Development Report. United Nations Development Programme. 2006. Archived from the original on 29 November 2007. Retrieved 28 November 2007. 
^ "Ridicule succeeds where leadership failed on AIDS". South African Institute of Race Relations. 10 November 2006. Archived from the original on 24 May 2016. 
^ a b "Broke-on-Broke Violence". Retrieved 6 July 2011. 
^ "COHRE statement on Xenophobic Attacks". Retrieved 6 July 2011. 
^ Southern African Migration Project; Institute for Democracy in South Africa; Queen's University (2008). Jonathan Crush, ed. The perfect storm: the realities of xenophobia in contemporary South Africa (PDF). Idasa. p. 1. ISBN 978-1-920118-71-6. Archived from the original (PDF) on 30 July 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ a b c d United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. "UNHCR Global Appeal 2011 – South Africa". UNHCR. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Country Comparison". World Factbook. CIA. 
^ McCarthy, T. & Rubidge, B. (2005). The story of earth and life. p. 263, 267-268. Struik Publishers, Cape Town.
^ a b c d Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 13. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ Encyclopædia Britannica (1975); Micropaedia Vol. III, p. 655. Helen Hemingway Benton Publishers, Chicago.
^ Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 186. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ "Kruger National Park". Africa.com. Archived from the original on 18 December 2014. Retrieved 16 December 2014. 
^ Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 151. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ McCarthy, T. & Rubidge, B. (2005). The story of earth and life. p. 194. Struik Publishers, Cape Town.
^ a b Geological map of South Africa, Lesotho and Swaziland (1970). Council for Geoscience, Geological Survey of South Africa.
^ Encyclopædia Britannica (1975); Micropaedia Vol. VI, p. 750. Helen Hemingway Benton Publishers, Chicago.
^ a b Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 19. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 113. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ "South Africa's geography — SouthAfrica.info". Safrica.info. Archived from the original on 8 June 2010. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ South Africa yearbook. South African Communication Service. 1997. p. 3. 
^ "List of Parties". Retrieved 8 December 2012. 
^ a b "South Africa's National Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plan" (PDF). Retrieved 10 December 2012. 
^ "Biodiversity of the world by countries". Institutoaqualung.com.br. Archived from the original on 1 November 2010. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ Rong, I. H.; Baxter, A. P. (2006). "The South African National Collection of Fungi: Celebrating a centenary 1905-2005". Studies in Mycology. 55: 1–12. PMC 2104721 . PMID 18490968. doi:10.3114/sim.55.1.1. 
^ Crous, P. W.; Rong, I. H.; Wood, A.; Lee, S.; Glen, H.; Botha, W. l; Slippers, B.; De Beer, W. Z.; Wingfield, M. J.; Hawksworth, D. L. (2006). "How many species of fungi are there at the tip of Africa?". Studies in Mycology. 55: 13–33. PMC 2104731 . PMID 18490969. doi:10.3114/sim.55.1.13. 
^ Marincowitz, S.; Crous, P.W.; Groenewald J.Z. & Wingfield, M.J. (2008). "Microfungi occurring on Proteaceae in the fynbos. CBS Biodiversity Series 7." (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 29 July 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Marco Lambertini. "The Flora / The Richest Botany in the World". A Anturalist's Guide to the Tropics (Revised edition (May 15, 2000) ed.). University Of Chicago Press. p. 46. ISBN 978-0226468280.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Plants and Vegetation in South Africa". Southafrica-travel.net. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ Environmental Affairs (22 January 2015). "Progress in the war against poaching". Environmental Affairs. South Africa. Retrieved 22 January 2015. 
^ "South African National Biodiversity Institute". Sanbi.org. 30 September 2011. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Term Limits in Africa". The Economist. 6 April 2006. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Chapter 4 – Parliament". 19 August 2009. Archived from the original on 30 May 2013. Retrieved 3 August 2013. 
^ Abahlali baseMjondolo. "Mercury: Rethinking the crisis of local democracy". Abahlali.org. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ J. Duncan (31 May 2010). "The Return of State Repression". South African Civil Society Information Services. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Increasing police repression highlighted by recent case". Freedom of Expression Institute. 2006. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Imraan Buccus (2011). "Political tolerance on the wane in South Africa". SA Reconciliation Barometer. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "South Africa's recent performance in the Ibrahim Index of African Governance". Mo Ibrahim Foundation. Archived from the original on 18 February 2013. Retrieved 16 February 2013. 
^ "SA marriage law signed". BBC News. 30 November 2006. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Pamela Snyman & Amanda Barratt (2 October 2002). "Researching South African Law". w/ Library Resource Xchange. Archived from the original on 17 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ "How dangerous is South Africa?". BBC News. 17 May 2010. 
^ http://mg.co.za/article/2014-09-22-factsheet-south-africas-official-crime-stats-unpacked/
^ K Landman. "Gated communities in South Africa: Comparison of four case studies in Gauteng" (PDF). Wits University. Retrieved 5 March 2013. [permanent dead link]
^ "South Africa has world's largest private security industry; needs regulation – Mthethwa". DefenceWeb. Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ "Bigger than the army: South Africa's private security forces". CNN. 8 February 2013. Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ "Afrikaner Farmers Migrating to Georgia". VOA. 14 September 2011. Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ Adriana Stuijt (17 February 2009). "Two more S. African farmers killed: death toll now at 3,037". Digital Journal. Archived from the original on 20 May 2011. Retrieved 24 May 2011. 
^ "SOUTH AFRICA: One in four men rape". IRIN. 18 June 2009. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "South Africa's corrective rape". Time. 8 March 2011. Retrieved 12 July 2011. 
^ "South African rape survey shock". BBC News. 18 June 2009. Retrieved 23 May 2010. 
^ "South Africa's rape shock". BBC News. 19 January 1999. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ a b "Child rape in South Africa". Medscape. Retrieved 31 December 2010. 
^ Perry, Alex (5 November 2007). "Oprah scandal rocks South Africa". Time. Retrieved 15 May 2011. 
^ Rosalind Rosenberg (Summer 2001). "Virginia Gildersleeve: Opening the Gates (Living Legacies)". Columbia Magazine. 
^ Schlesinger, Stephen E. (2004). Act of Creation: The Founding of the United Nations: A Story of Superpowers, Secret Agents, Wartime Allies and Enemies, and Their Quest for a Peaceful World. Cambridge, Massachusetts: Westview, Perseus Books Group. pp. 236–7. ISBN 0-8133-3275-3. 
^ "China, South Africa upgrade relations to "comprehensive strategic partnership"". Capetown.china-consulate.org. 25 August 2010. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "New era as South Africa joins BRICS". Southafrica.info. 11 April 2011. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "SA brings 'unique attributes' to BRICS". Southafrica.info. 14 April 2011. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ a b "Constitution of the Republic of South Africa Act 200 of 1993 (Section 224)". South African Government. 1993. Archived from the original on 12 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ Col L B van Stade, Senior Staff Officer Rationalisation, SANDF (1997). "Rationalisation in the SANDF: The Next Challenge". Institute for Security Studies. Archived from the original on 16 March 2016. Retrieved 23 June 2008. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "Defence Act 42 of 2002" (PDF). South African Government. 12 February 2003. p. 18. Archived from the original (PDF) on 24 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ a b c Mosiuoa Lekota (5 September 2005). "Address by the Minister of Defence at a media breakfast at Defence Headquarters, Pretoria". Department of Defence. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ a b Lieutenant Colonel Roy E. Horton III (BS, Electrical Engineering; MS, Strategic Intelligence) (October 1999). "Out of (South) Africa: Pretoria's Nuclear Weapons Experience". USAF Institute for National Security Studies. Retrieved 23 June 2008. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ a b c Educational Foundation for Nuclear Science, Inc. (May 1993). "South Africa comes clean". Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists. Educational Foundation for Nuclear Science, Inc. pp. 3–4. ISSN 0096-3402. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Christine Dodson (22 October 1979). "South Atlantic Nuclear Event (National Security Council, Memorandum)" (PDF). George Washington University under Freedom of Information Act Request. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ Stats in Brief, 2010 (PDF). Pretoria: Statistics South Africa. 2010. p. 3. ISBN 978-0-621-39563-1. 
^ "Inequality in income or expenditure / Gini index, Human Development Report 2007/08". Hdrstats.undp.org. 4 November 2010. Archived from the original on 16 January 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Distribution of family income – Gini index". Cia.gov. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "South Africa has highest gap between rich and poor". Business Report. 28 September 2009. Archived from the original on 23 October 2011. Retrieved 7 November 2010. 
^ "South Africa's economy: How it could do even better.". The Economist. 22 July 2010. Retrieved 17 October 2011. 
^ "DEPWeb: Beyond Economic Growth". The World Bank Group. Retrieved 17 October 2011. 
^ a b "Economic Assessment of South Africa 2008: Achieving Accelerated and Shared Growth for South Africa". OECD. Archived from the original on 9 August 2009. 
^ "Commanding Plights." The Economist 29 August 2015: 37-38. Print.
^ "SA Economic Research – Tourism Update" (PDF). m/ Investec. October 2005. Archived from the original (PDF) on 24 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ Solomon, Hussein (1996). "Strategic Perspectives on Illegal Immigration into South Africa". African Security Review. 5 (4): 3. doi:10.1080/10246029.1996.9627681. Archived from the original on 19 October 2005. 
^ Mattes, Robert; Crush, Jonathan & Richmond, Wayne. "The Brain Gain: Skilled Migrants and Immigration Policy in Post-Apartheid South Africa". Southern African Migration Project, Queens College, Canada. Archived from the original on 25 November 2005. 
^ a b "South Africa". The World Factbook. CIA. 
^ Unequal protection the state response to violent crime on South African farms. Human Rights Watch. 2001. ISBN 1-56432-263-7. 
^ Mohamed, Najma (2000). "Greening Land and Agrarian Reform: A Case for Sustainable Agriculture". In Ben Cousins. At the Crossroads: Land and Agrarian Reform in South Africa Into the 21st Century. Programme for Land and Agrarian Studies (PLAAS). ISBN 978-1-86808-467-8. 
^ "African Countries of the Future 2013/14". fDiIntelligence.com. Retrieved 4 December 2013. 
^ Neva Makgetla (31 March 2010). "Inequality on scale found in SA bites like acid". Business Day. South Africa. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Black middle class boosts car sales in South Africa – Business – Mail & Guardian Online". Mail & Guardian. 15 January 2006. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Economic Assessment of South Africa 2008". OECD. Archived from the original on 23 April 2009. 
^ Collier, P. (3 December 2004). "World Bank, IMF study 2004". Journal of African Economies. Jae.oxfordjournals.org. 13: ii15. doi:10.1093/jae/ejh042. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ "Health Personnel in Southern Africa: Confronting maldistribution and brain drain" (PDF). Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ Haroon Bhorat; et al. (2002). "Skilled Labour Migration from Developing Countries: Study on South and Southern Africa" (PDF). International Labour Office. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "South Africa's brain-drain generation returning home". CNN World. 22 April 2009. Archived from the original on 16 December 2010. Retrieved 4 June 2011. 
^ "South Africa's brain drain reversing". Times Live. Retrieved 4 June 2011. 
^ "Graduates confident about SA". Times Live. Retrieved 4 June 2011. 
^ "SKA announces Founding Board and selects Jodrell Bank Observatory to host Project Office". SKA 2011. 2 April 2011. Retrieved 14 April 2011. 
^ "Africa and Australasia to share Square Kilometre Array". BBC. 25 May 2012. 
^ a b WHO/UNICEF:Joint Monitoring Programme for Water Supply and Sanitation:Data table South Africa Archived 9 February 2014 at the Wayback Machine., 2010. Retrieved 3 November 2012
^ ""Most progressive water utility in Africa" wins 2014Stockholm Industry Water Award". Stockholm International Water Institute (SIWI). Retrieved 8 June 2014. 
^ "Anti-immigrant violence spreads in South Africa, with attacks reported in Cape Town – The New York Times". International Herald Tribune. 23 May 2008. Archived from the original on 21 February 2009. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Escape From Mugabe: Zimbabwe's Exodus". Archived from the original on 24 January 2016. 
^ "More illegals set to flood SA". Fin24. Archived from the original on 14 February 2009. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "South African mob kills migrants". BBC. 12 May 2008. Retrieved 19 May 2008. 
^ Barry Bearak (23 May 2008). "Immigrants Fleeing Fury of South African Mobs". The New York Times. Retrieved 5 August 2008. 
^ Lehohla, Pali (5 May 2005). "Debate over race and censuses not peculiar to SA". Business Report. Archived from the original on 14 August 2007. Retrieved 25 August 2013. Others pointed out that the repeal of the Population Registration Act in 1991 removed any legal basis for specifying "race". The Identification Act of 1997 makes no mention of race. On the other hand, the Employment Equity Act speaks of "designated groups" being "black people, women and people with disabilities". The Act defines "Black" as referring to "Africans, coloureds and Indians". Apartheid and the racial identification which underpinned it explicitly linked race with differential access to resources and power. If the post-apartheid order was committed to remedying this, race would have to be included in surveys and censuses, so that progress in eradicating the consequences of apartheid could be measured and monitored. This was the reasoning that led to a "self-identifying" question about "race" or "population group" in both the 1996 and 2001 censuses, and in Statistics SA's household survey programme. 
^ Study Commission on U.S. Policy toward Southern Africa (U.S.) (1981). South Africa: time running out: the report of the Study Commission on U.S. Policy Toward Southern Africa. University of California Press. p. 42. ISBN 0-520-04547-5. 
^ a b c "World Refugee Survey 2008". U.S. Committee for Refugees and Immigrants. 19 June 2008. Archived from the original on 19 October 2014. 
^ "Constitution of South Africa, Chapter 1, Section 6". Fs.gov.za. Archived from the original on 13 November 2012. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ a b Census 2011: Census in brief (PDF). Pretoria: Statistics South Africa. 2012. pp. 23–25. ISBN 9780621413885. [permanent dead link]
^ "The languages of South Africa". SouthAfrica.info. 4 February 1997. Retrieved 7 November 2010. 
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ a b "South Africa – Section I. Religious Demography". U.S. Department of State. Retrieved 15 July 2006. 
^ Wessel Bentley; Dion Angus Forster (2008). "God's mission in our context, healing and transforming responses". Methodism in Southern Africa: A Celebration of Wesleyan Mission. AcadSA. pp. 97–98. ISBN 978-1-920212-29-2. 
^ van Wyk, Ben-Erik and van Oudtshoorn, Gericke N (1999). Medicinal Plants of South Africa. Pretoria: Briza Publications. p. 10. ISBN 978-1-875093-37-3. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "South Africa". State.gov. 15 September 2006. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ a b "In South Africa, many blacks convert to Islam / The Christian Science Monitor". The Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Muslims say their faith growing fast in Africa". Religionnewsblog.com. Retrieved 7 November 2010. 
^ Rebecca Weiner, Rebecca Weiner, ed. (2010), South African Jewish History and Information (PDF), Jewish Virtual Library, retrieved 13 August 2010 
^ "Black middle class explodes". FIN24. 22 May 2007. Archived from the original on 22 August 2007. 
^ "History of Scouting in South Africa". History of Scouting in South Africa. South African Scout Association. 2006. Retrieved 30 November 2006. 
^ Radford, Tim (16 April 2004). "World's Oldest Jewellery Found in Cave". London: Buzzle.com. Retrieved 16 April 2011. 
^ "The Nobel Prize in Literature: John Maxwell Coetzee". Swedish Academy. 2 October 2003. Retrieved 2 August 2009. 
^ "South African music after Apartheid: kwaito, the "party politic," and the appropriation of gold as a sign of success". Archived from the original on 13 June 2013. 
^ "South African Wine Guide: Stellenbosch, Constantia, Walker Bay and more". Thewinedoctor.com. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Sport in South Africa". SouthAfrica.info. Retrieved 28 June 2010. 
^ Cooper, Billy (12 July 2010). "South Africa gets 9/10 for World Cup". Mail & Guardian. Archived from the original on 15 July 2010. Retrieved 9 September 2010. 
^ "National adult literacy rates (15+), youth literacy rates (15–24) and elderly literacy rates (65+)". UNESCO Institute for Statistics. 
^ a b "A parent's guide to schooling". Retrieved 31 August 2010. 
^ "Education in South Africa". SouthAfrica.info. Archived from the original on 17 June 2010. Retrieved 20 June 2010. 
^ "Bantu Education". Overcoming Apartheid. Retrieved 20 June 2010. 
^ Cele, S'thembile; Masondo, Sipho (18 January 2015). "Shocking cost of SA’s universities". fin24.com. City Press. Retrieved 19 January 2015. 
^ "Human Development Report 2009 – South Africa". Hdrstats.undp.org. Archived from the original on 15 April 2010. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ Peoples Budget Coalition Comments on the 2011/12 Budget Archived 16 May 2012 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b "‘Clinic-in-a-Box’ seeks to improve South African healthcare". SmartPlanet. Archived from the original on 30 July 2013. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ "What does the demand for healthcare look like in SA?" (PDF). Mediclinic Southern Africa. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2 October 2013. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ a b c "Motsoaledi to reform private health care". Financial Mail. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ "South Africa". ICAP at Columbia University. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ http://www.therichest.com/rich-list/nation/the-biggest-hospitals-in-the-world/
^ "HIV and AIDS estimates (2015)". 
^ "South Africa HIV & AIDS Statistics". AVERT.org. Retrieved 6 May 2013. 
^ a b "AIDS orphans". Avert. Retrieved 8 October 2006. 
^ "Sack SA Health Minister – world's AIDS experts". afrol News. Retrieved 8 October 2006. 
^ "Situation Analysis. HIV & AIDS and STI Strategic Plan 2007–2011" (PDF). info.gov.za. Archived from the original (PDF) on 30 May 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Zuma announces AIDS reforms". UNPAN. Retrieved 9 March 2010. 


Further reading


A History of South Africa, Third Edition. Leonard Thompson. Yale University Press. 1 March 2001. 384 pages. ISBN 0-300-08776-4.
Economic Analysis and Policy Formulation for Post-Apartheid South Africa: Mission Report, Aug. 1991. International Development Research Centre. IDRC Canada, 1991. vi, 46 p. Without ISBN
Emerging Johannesburg: Perspectives on the Postapartheid City. Richard Tomlinson, et al. 1 January 2003. 336 pages. ISBN 0-415-93559-8.
Making of Modern South Africa: Conquest, Segregation and Apartheid. Nigel Worden. 1 July 2000. 194 pages. ISBN 0-631-21661-8.
South Africa: A Narrative History. Frank Welsh. Kodansha America. 1 February 1999. 606 pages. ISBN 1-56836-258-7.
South Africa in Contemporary Times. Godfrey Mwakikagile. New Africa Press. February 2008. 260 pages. ISBN 978-0-9802587-3-8.
The Atlas of Changing South Africa. A. J. Christopher. 1 October 2000. 216 pages. ISBN 0-415-21178-6.
The Politics of the New South Africa. Heather Deegan. 28 December 2000. 256 pages. ISBN 0-582-38227-0.
Twentieth-Century South Africa. William Beinart Oxford University Press 2001, 414 pages, ISBN 0-19-289318-1


External links



Wikimedia Commons has media related to South Africa.





Wikivoyage has a travel guide for South Africa.



Find more aboutSouth Africaat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Travel guide from Wikivoyage
Learning resources from Wikiversity



Government of South Africa
"South Africa". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. 
South Africa from UCB Libraries GovPubs
South Africa from the BBC News
 Wikimedia Atlas of South Africa







v
t
e


South Africa articles



History





Timeline
(years)




Early history
Cape Colony
Orange Free State
Transvaal
First Boer War
Second Boer War
Great Depression
World War II
Apartheid
Border War
Since 1994





By topic



Economic
Military








Geography







Districts
Earthquakes
Estuaries
Forests
Islands
Lakes
Mountain ranges
Municipalities
National parks
Populated places
Provinces
Rivers
Wildlife








Politics











Constitution
Courts
Elections
Foreign relations
Government
Human rights
Law
Parliament
Political parties
President






State security
and intelligence




Minister
Co-ordinating committee (NICC)
Intelligence agency (NIA)
Communications centre (NCC)
Communications security (COMSEC)
Secret Service (SASS)
Intelligence academy (SANAI)





Law enforcement



Department of Police
Police Service

Criminal intelligence (SAPS)
Special Task Force
National Intervention Unit
NFDD


Municipal Police
Independent Complaints Directorate
Department of Correctional Services
Biometrics use








Military



Department of Defence
Defence Force
Air Force
Army
Navy
Military Health Service
Special Forces
Commando System
Intelligence








Economy







Agriculture
Communications
Economic history
Energy
Foreign trade
Mining industry
Rand (currency)
Stock exchange
Taxation
Tourism
Trade unions
Transportation
Water and sanitation








Society







Crime
Education
Feminism
Health
Healthcare
Immigration
Intersex
Languages
LGBT
Racism
Religion
Sexual violence
Social movements
Xenophobia





Culture



Architecture
Art
Cinema
Cuisine
Flag
HIV/AIDS
Homelessness
Literature
Media
Music
Public holidays
Sports





Demographics



Asian

Indian
Chinese


Bantu

Ndebele
Pedi
Sotho
Swazi
Tsonga
Tswana
Venda
Xhosa
Zulu


Coloured

Cape Coloured
Cape Malay
Griqua


Khoisan
White

Afrikaner
British














Outline
Index



Category
Portal












v
t
e


Countries and territories of Africa



Sovereign states




entirely
in Africa



Algeria
Angola
Benin
Botswana
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Comoros
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Republic of the Congo
Djibouti
Egypt
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Ethiopia
Gabon
The Gambia
Ghana
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Ivory Coast (Côte d'Ivoire)
Kenya
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Madagascar
Malawi
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Niger
Nigeria
Rwanda
São Tomé and Príncipe
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Somalia
South Africa
South Sudan
Sudan
Swaziland
Tanzania
Togo
Tunisia
Uganda
Zambia
Zimbabwe





partly
in Africa



France

Mayotte
Réunion


Italy

Pantelleria
Pelagie Islands


Portugal

Madeira


Spain

Canary Islands
Ceuta
Melilla
Plazas de soberanía


Yemen

Socotra














Territories and
dependencies




Îles Éparses

France


Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha

UK


Southern Provinces (Western Sahara)1






States with limited
recognition




Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic
Somaliland






1 Unclear sovereignty.








Links to related articles











v
t
e


Group of Eight (G8) and Group of Eight + Five (G8+5)



G8 members



 Canada
 France
 Germany
 Italy
 Japan
 Russia
 United Kingdom
 United States





Representative



 European Union





G8+5



 Brazil
 China
 India
 Mexico
 South Africa





See also



Group of Six
Group of Seven
G7+1












v
t
e


G20 major economies






 Argentina
 Australia
 Brazil
 Canada
 China
 European Union
 France
 Germany
 India
 Indonesia
 Italy
 Japan
 Mexico
 Russia
 Saudi Arabia
 South Africa
 Republic of Korea
 Turkey
 United Kingdom
 United States












v
t
e


BRICS



Membership



 Brazil
 Russia
 India
 China
 South Africa





Summits



Yekaterinburg 2009
Brasília 2010
Sanya 2011
New Delhi 2012
Durban 2013
Fortaleza 2014
Ufa 2015
Goa 2016
Xiamen 2017





Bilateral relations



Brazil–China
Brazil–India
Brazil–Russia
Brazil–South Africa
China–India
China–Russia
China–South Africa
India–Russia
India–South Africa
Russia–South Africa





Leaders



 Temer
 Putin
 Modi
 Xi
 Zuma





Related



New Development Bank
BRICS Contingent Reserve Arrangement
BRICS Leaders
BRICS Cable
BRICS Universities League





BRICS U-17 Football Cup



2016 Goa












v
t
e


World Trade Organization



System



Accession and membership
Appellate Body
Dispute Settlement Body
International Trade Centre
Chronology of key events





Issues



Criticism
Doha Development Round
Singapore issues
Quota Elimination
Peace Clause





Agreements



General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
Agriculture
Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures
Technical Barriers to Trade
Trade Related Investment Measures
Trade in Services
Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights
Government Procurement
Information Technology
Marrakech Agreement
Doha Declaration
Bali Package





Ministerial
Conferences



1st (1996)
2nd (1998)
3rd (1999)
4th (2001)
5th (2003)
6th (2005)
7th (2009)
8th (2011)
9th (2013)
10th (2015)





People



Roberto Azevêdo (Director-General)
Pascal Lamy (former Director-General)
Supachai Panitchpakdi (former Director-General)
Deputy Directors-General:

Yonov Frederick Agah
Karl Brauner
David Shark
Yi Xiaozhun

former: Alejandro Jara
Valentine Rugwabiza
Harsha Singh
Rufus Yerxa









Members



Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
Angola
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belize
Benin
Bolivia
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Republic of the Congo
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Cuba
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
European Union¹
Fiji
Gabon
The Gambia
Georgia
Ghana
Grenada
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong²
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Israel
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
South Korea
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Lesotho
Liberia
Liechtenstein
Macau²
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Moldova
Mongolia
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nepal
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Qatar
Russia
Rwanda
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Suriname
Swaziland
Switzerland
Tajikistan
Taiwan³
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe


1. All twenty-eight member states of the European Union are also members of the WTO in their own right:

Austria
Belgium
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malta
Netherlands
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom


2. Special administrative regions of the People's Republic of China, participates as "Hong Kong, China" and "Macao China".
3. Officially the Republic of China, participates as "Separate Customs Territory of Taiwan, Penghu, Kinmen and Matsu", and "Chinese Taipei" in short.











v
t
e


Southern African Development Community (SADC)



Member states



Angola
Botswana
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Lesotho
Madagascar
Malawi
Mauritius
Mozambique
Namibia
Seychelles
South Africa
Swaziland
Tanzania
Zambia
Zimbabwe





Leaders




Chairpersons



Levy Mwanawasa
Kgalema Motlanthe





Secretaries-General



Kaire Mbuende
Prega Ramsamy
Tomaz Salomão








See also



Southern African Development Coordination Conference (forerunner)
Southern African Customs Union (SACU)
Common Monetary Area (CMA)
Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA)












v
t
e


African Union (AU)



History







Pan-Africanism
Casablanca Group
Monrovia Group
Abuja Treaty
Sirte Declaration
Lome Summit





Organisation of African Unity



Chairperson
Secretary General











Geography



Borders
Extreme points
Member states
Regions





Organs







Executive Council
Permanent Representatives' Committee
Specialized Technical Committees





Assembly



Chairperson





Commission



Chairperson
Deputy Chairperson
AUCC





Pan-African Parliament



Bureau
Secretariat
Gallagher Estate





African Court of Justice



African Court on Human and Peoples' Rights





ECOSOCC Committees



Peace and Security
Political Affairs
Infrastructure and Energy
Social Affairs and Health
HR, Sciences and Technology
Trade and Industry
Rural Economy and Agriculture
Economic Affairs
Women and Gender
Cross-Cutting Programs





Financial Institutions



African Central Bank
African Monetary Fund
African Investment Bank





Peace and Security Council



ACIRC
African Standby Force
Panel of the Wise
UNAMID
AMIB
AMIS
AMISOM
MISCA








Politics







APRM
Foreign relations
African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights
African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights
Enlargement





Symbols



Anthem
Emblem
Flag








Economy



Currencies
Development Bank
African Economic Community
NEPAD
African Free Trade Zone
Tripartite Free Trade Area





Culture



Africa Day
Languages





Theory



Afro
United States of Africa
United States of Latin Africa








 Category












v
t
e


Countries and territories bordering the Indian Ocean



Africa



Comoros
Djibouti
Egypt
Eritrea
France

Mayotte
Réunion


Kenya
Madagascar
Mauritius
Mozambique
Rodrigues (Mauritius)
Seychelles
Somalia
South Africa
Sudan
Tanzania
Zanzibar, Tanzania








Asia



Bahrain
Bangladesh
British Indian Ocean Territory

Chagos Archipelago - United Kingdom


Christmas Island (Australia)
Cocos (Keeling) Islands (Australia)
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Israel
Jordan
Kuwait
Malaysia
Maldives
Myanmar
Oman
Pakistan
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Sri Lanka
Thailand
Timor-Leste
United Arab Emirates
Yemen





Other



Antarctica

Australian Antarctic Territory
French Southern and Antarctic Lands
Heard Island and McDonald Islands


Australia












v
t
e


Peri-Antarctic countries and overseas territories






Argentina
Australia

Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Macquarie Island


Bouvet Island
Chile
Falkland Islands
French Southern and Antarctic Lands

Kerguelen Islands


New Zealand

New Zealand Subantarctic Islands


South Africa

Prince Edward Islands


South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands









"Peri-Antarctic" (meaning "close to the Antarctic") does not include territorial claims in Antarctica itself.










v
t
e


Members of the Commonwealth of Nations



Sovereign states
(Members)



Antigua and Barbuda
Australia
Bahamas
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belize
Botswana
Brunei
Cameroon
Canada
Cyprus
Dominica
Fiji
Ghana
Grenada
Guyana
India
Jamaica
Kenya
Kiribati
Lesotho
Malawi
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mozambique
Namibia
Nauru
New Zealand
Nigeria
Pakistan
Papua New Guinea
Rwanda
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Swaziland
Tanzania
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tuvalu
Uganda
United Kingdom
Vanuatu
Zambia





Dependencies
of Members




Australia



Ashmore and Cartier Islands
Australian Antarctic Territory
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Coral Sea Islands
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Norfolk Island





New Zealand



Cook Islands
Niue
Ross Dependency
Tokelau





United Kingdom



Akrotiri and Dhekelia
Anguilla
Bermuda
British Antarctic Territory
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Cayman Islands
Falkland Islands
Gibraltar
Guernsey
Isle of Man
Jersey
Montserrat
Pitcairn Islands
St. Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Turks and Caicos Islands









Source: Commonwealth Secretariat - Member States










v
t
e


English-speaking world






Click on a coloured area to see an article about English in that country or region






































































Further links







Articles



English-speaking world
History of the English language
British Empire
English in the Commonwealth of Nations





Lists



List of countries by English-speaking population
List of countries where English is an official language









 







Countries and territories where English is the national language or the native language of the majority





Africa



Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha





Americas



Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
The Bahamas
Barbados
Belize
Bermuda
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Dominica
Falkland Islands
Grenada
Guyana
Jamaica
Montserrat
Saba
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Sint Eustatius
Sint Maarten
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Trinidad and Tobago
Turks and Caicos Islands
United States
United States Virgin Islands





Europe



Guernsey
Ireland
Isle of Man
Jersey
United Kingdom





Oceania



Australia
New Zealand
Norfolk Island
Pitcairn Islands








 







Countries and territories where English is an official language, but not the majority first language





Africa



Botswana
Cameroon
The Gambia
Ghana
Kenya
Lesotho
Liberia
Malawi
Mauritius
Namibia
Nigeria
Rwanda
Sierra Leone
Somaliland
South Africa
South Sudan
Sudan
Swaziland
Tanzania
Uganda
Zambia
Zimbabwe





Americas



Puerto Rico





Asia



Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
India
Pakistan
Philippines
Singapore





Europe



Gibraltar
Malta





Oceania



American Samoa
Cook Islands
Fiji
Guam
Kiribati
Marshall Islands
Micronesia
Nauru
Niue
Northern Mariana Islands
Palau
Papua New Guinea
Samoa
Solomon Islands
Tokelau
Tuvalu
Vanuatu












Dependencies shown in italics.















Coordinates: 30°S 25°E﻿ / ﻿30°S 25°E﻿ / -30; 25



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 159069376
LCCN: n79023005
ISNI: 0000 0001 2167 3042
GND: 4078012-0
SUDOC: 028016009
BNF: cb11993638s (data)
NLA: 35513495
NDL: 00567657










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=South_Africa&oldid=792672918"					
Categories: South AfricaSouthern African countriesEnglish-speaking countries and territoriesG20 nationsLiberal democraciesMember states of the African UnionMember states of the Commonwealth of NationsMember states of the United NationsStates and territories established in 1910Commonwealth republicsAfrikaans-speaking countries and territoriesBantu countries and territoriesBRICS nationsCountries in AfricaHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksCS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listWikipedia articles incorporating a citation from the 1911 Encyclopaedia Britannica with Wikisource referencePages using citations with accessdate and no URLArticles with dead external links from June 2017Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia pages semi-protected against vandalismWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesUse dmy dates from March 2017Use South African English from September 2013All Wikipedia articles written in South African EnglishArticles containing Afrikaans-language textArticles containing non-English-language textArticles containing Sotho-language textArticles containing Southern Ndebele-language textArticles containing Swati-language textArticles containing Tsonga-language textArticles containing Tswana-language textArticles containing Venda-language textArticles containing Xhosa-language textArticles containing Zulu-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2013All articles with failed verificationArticles with failed verification from October 2011Wikipedia articles needing clarification from October 2011Pages using columns with the default column widthArticles with unsourced statements from May 2010Use South African English from July 2013Coordinates on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikinewsWikiquoteWikivoyage 



Languages


AcèhАдыгэбзэАдыгабзэAfrikaansAkanAlemannischአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةAragonésArpetanAsturianuAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaتۆرکجهBamanankanবাংলাBahasa BanjarBân-lâm-gúБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎भोजपुरीBikol CentralБългарскиBoarischབོད་ཡིགBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàЧӑвашлаCebuanoČeštinaChi-ChewaChiShonaCymraegDanskDeitschDeutschދިވެހިބަސްDiné bizaadDolnoserbskiཇོང་ཁEestiΕλληνικάEmiliàn e rumagnòlEspañolEsperantoEstremeñuEuskaraEʋegbeفارسیFiji HindiFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGagauzGàidhligGalego贛語Gĩkũyũગુજરાતીगोंयची कोंकणी / Gõychi Konknni客家語/Hak-kâ-ngîХальмг한국어HausaՀայերենहिन्दीHornjoserbsceHrvatskiIdoIgboIlokanoবিষ্ণুপ্রিয়া মণিপুরীBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueИронIsiXhosaIsiZuluÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡKapampanganКъарачай-малкъарქართულიकॉशुर / کٲشُرҚазақшаKernowekKinyarwandaKiswahiliКомиKongoKreyòl ayisyenKurdîКыргызчаLadinoЛезгиلۊری شومالیLatgaļuLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLimburgsLingálaLivvinkarjalaLa .lojban.LugandaLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMaltiMāoriमराठीმარგალურიمصرىمازِرونیBahasa MelayuBaso MinangkabauMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄MirandésМокшеньМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNāhuatlDorerin NaoeroNederlandsNedersaksiesनेपालीनेपाल भाषा日本語НохчийнNordfriiskNorfuk / PitkernNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskNouormandNovialOccitanଓଡ଼ିଆOromooOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀपालिپنجابیPapiamentuپښتوPatoisភាសាខ្មែរPiemontèisTok PisinPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsQaraqalpaqshaQırımtatarcaReo tahitiRipoarischRomânăRumantschRuna SimiРусиньскыйРусскийСаха тылаSámegiellaसंस्कृतम्SängöSarduScotsSeelterskSesothoSesotho sa LeboaSetswanaShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishسنڌيSiSwatiSlovenčinaSlovenščinaŚlůnskiSoomaaligaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitTarandíneТатарча/tatarçaతెలుగుไทยትግርኛТоҷикӣTsetsêhestâheseTshivendaತುಳುTürkçeTürkmençeУкраїнськаاردوئۇيغۇرچە / UyghurcheVahcuenghVènetoVepsän kel’Tiếng ViệtVolapükVõroWalon文言West-VlamsWinarayWolof吴语XitsongaייִדישYorùbá粵語ZazakiZeêuwsŽemaitėška中文डोटेलीKabɩyɛ 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 27 July 2017, at 22:30.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









South Africa - Wikipedia




















 







South Africa

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the modern country. For other uses, see South Africa (disambiguation).





Republic of South Africa

10 other official names:[1]
Republiek van Suid-Afrika  (Afrikaans)
Repabliki ya Afrika-Borwa  (Northern Sotho)
Rephaboliki ya Afrika Borwa  (Sotho)
iRiphabliki yeSewula Afrika  (Southern Ndebele)
iRiphabhulikhi yeNingizimu Afrika  (Swati)
Riphabliki ra Afrika Dzonga  (Tsonga)
Rephaboliki ya Aforika Borwa  (Tswana)
Riphabuḽiki ya Afurika Tshipembe  (Venda)
iRiphabliki yomZantsi Afrika  (Xhosa)
iRiphabhuliki yaseNingizimu Afrika  (Zulu)










Flag



Coat of arms






Motto: "!ke e: ǀxarra ǁke" (ǀXam)
"Unity in Diversity"




Anthem: National anthem of South Africa

















Location of  South Africa  (dark blue)
in the African Union  (light blue)








Capital



Pretoria (executive)
Bloemfontein (judicial)
Cape Town (legislative)





Largest city
Johannesburg[2]


Official languages

[Note 1]

11 languages

Afrikaans
Northern Sotho
English
Southern Ndebele
Southern Sotho
Swazi
Tsonga
Tswana
Venda
Xhosa
Zulu





Ethnic groups (2014[3])



80.2% Black
8.8% Coloured
8.4% White
2.5% Asian





Religion
See Religion in South Africa


Demonym
South African


Government
Unitary parliamentary constitutional republic



• President

Jacob Zuma



• Deputy President

Cyril Ramaphosa


Legislature
Parliament



• Upper house

National Council



• Lower house

National Assembly


Independence from the United Kingdom



• Union

31 May 1910



• Self-governance

11 December 1931



• Republic

31 May 1961



• Current constitution

4 February 1997


Area



• Total

1,221,037 km2 (471,445 sq mi) (24th)



• Water (%)

negligible


Population



• 2015 estimate

54,956,900[4] (25th)



• 2011 census

51,770,560[5]:18



• Density

42.4/km2 (109.8/sq mi) (169th)


GDP (PPP)
2016 estimate



• Total

$742.461 billion[6] (30th)



• Per capita

$13,321[6] (90th)


GDP (nominal)
2016 estimate



• Total

$326.541 billion[6] (35th)



• Per capita

$5,859[6] (88th)


Gini (2009)
63.1[7]
very high


HDI (2014)
 0.666[8]
medium · 116th


Currency
South African rand (ZAR)


Time zone
SAST (UTC+2)


Drives on the
left


Calling code
+27


ISO 3166 code
ZA


Internet TLD
.za


South Africa, officially the Republic of South Africa (RSA), is the southernmost country in Africa. It is bounded on the south by 2,798 kilometres (1,739 mi) of coastline of Southern Africa stretching along the South Atlantic and Indian Oceans;[9][10][11] on the north by the neighbouring countries of Namibia, Botswana, and Zimbabwe; and on the east and northeast by Mozambique and Swaziland; and surrounds the kingdom of Lesotho.[12] South Africa is the 25th-largest country in the world by land area, and with close to 56,000,000 people, is the world's 24th-most populous nation. It is the southernmost country on the mainland of the Old World or the Eastern Hemisphere. About 80% of South Africans are of Sub-Saharan African ancestry,[5] divided among a variety of ethnic groups speaking different Bantu languages, nine of which have official status.[11] The remaining population consists of Africa's largest communities of European (white), Asian (Indian), and multiracial (coloured) ancestry.
South Africa is a multiethnic society encompassing a wide variety of cultures, languages, and religions. Its pluralistic makeup is reflected in the constitution's recognition of eleven official languages, which is among the highest number of any country in the world.[11] Two of these languages are of European origin: Afrikaans developed from Dutch and serves as the first language of most white and coloured South Africans; English reflects the legacy of British colonialism, and is commonly used in public and commercial life, though it is fourth-ranked as a spoken first language.[11] The country is one of the few in Africa never to have had a coup d'état, and regular elections have been held for almost a century. However, the vast majority of Black South Africans were not enfranchised until 1994. During the twentieth century, the Black majority sought to recover its rights from the dominant White minority, with this struggle playing a large role in the country's recent history and politics. The National Party imposed the apartheid system in 1948, institutionalising previous racial segregation. After a long and sometimes violent struggle by the African National Congress and other anti-apartheid activists both inside and outside the country, discriminatory laws began to be repealed or abolished from 1990 onwards.
Since 1994, all ethnic and linguistic groups have held political representation in the country's democracy, which comprises a parliamentary republic and nine provinces. South Africa is often referred to as the "Rainbow Nation" to describe the country's multicultural diversity, especially in the wake of apartheid.[13] The World Bank classifies South Africa as an upper-middle-income economy, and a newly industrialised country.[14][15] Its economy is the second-largest in Africa, and the 34th-largest in the world.[6] In terms of purchasing power parity, South Africa has the seventh-highest per capita income in Africa. However, poverty and inequality remain widespread, with about a quarter of the population unemployed and living on less than US$1.25 a day.[16][17] Nevertheless, South Africa has been identified as a middle power in international affairs, and maintains significant regional influence.[18][19]



Contents


1 Name
2 History

2.1 Prehistoric finds
2.2 Bantu expansion
2.3 Portuguese contacts
2.4 Dutch colonisation
2.5 British colonisation

2.5.1 Independence
2.5.2 Beginning of apartheid


2.6 Republic

2.6.1 End of apartheid




3 Geography

3.1 Climate
3.2 Biodiversity

3.2.1 Animals
3.2.2 Fungi
3.2.3 Plants


3.3 Conservation issues


4 Politics and government

4.1 Law
4.2 Foreign relations
4.3 Military
4.4 Administrative divisions


5 Economy

5.1 Labour market
5.2 Science and technology
5.3 Water supply and sanitation


6 Demographics

6.1 Languages
6.2 Urban centres
6.3 Religion


7 Culture

7.1 Arts
7.2 Popular culture
7.3 Cuisine
7.4 Sports


8 Education
9 Health

9.1 HIV/AIDS


10 See also
11 Notes
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Name
See also: Official names of South Africa
The name "South Africa" is derived from the country's geographic location at the southern tip of Africa. Upon formation the country was named the Union of South Africa in English, reflecting its origin from the unification of four formerly separate British colonies. Since 1961 the long form name in English has been the "Republic of South Africa". In Dutch the country was named Republiek van Zuid-Afrika, replaced in 1983 by the Afrikaans Republiek van Suid-Afrika. Since 1994 the Republic has had an official name in each of its 11 official languages.
Mzansi, derived from the Xhosa noun umzantsi meaning "south", is a colloquial name for South Africa,[20][21] while some Pan-Africanist political parties prefer the term "Azania".[22]
History
Main article: History of South Africa
Prehistoric finds
South Africa contains some of the oldest archaeological and human fossil sites in the world.[23][24][25] Extensive fossil remains have been recovered from a series of caves in Gauteng Province. The area is a UNESCO World Heritage site and has been termed the Cradle of Humankind. The sites include Sterkfontein, which is one of the richest hominin fossil sites in the world. Other sites include Swartkrans, Gondolin Cave Kromdraai, Coopers Cave and Malapa. The first hominin fossil discovered in Africa, the Taung Child was found near Taung in 1924. Further hominin remains have been recovered from the sites of Makapansgat in Limpopo, Cornelia and Florisbad in the Free State, Border Cave in KwaZulu-Natal, Klasies River Mouth in eastern Cape and Pinnacle Point, Elandsfontein and Die Kelders Cave in Western Cape. These sites suggest that various hominid species existed in South Africa from about three million years ago starting with Australopithecus africanus.[26] These were succeeded by various species, including Australopithecus sediba, Homo ergaster, Homo erectus, Homo rhodesiensis, Homo helmei, Homo naledi and modern humans, Homo sapiens. Modern humans have inhabited Southern Africa for at least 170,000 years.
Within the Vaal River valley, pebble tools have been located.[27]
Bantu expansion




Mapungubwe Hill, the site of the former capital of the Kingdom of Mapungubwe


Settlements of Bantu-speaking peoples, who were iron-using agriculturists and herdsmen, were already present south of the Limpopo River (now the northern border with Botswana and Zimbabwe) by the 4th or 5th century CE. (See Bantu expansion.) They displaced, conquered and absorbed the original Khoisan speakers, the Khoikhoi and San peoples. The Bantu slowly moved south. The earliest ironworks in modern-day KwaZulu-Natal Province are believed to date from around 1050. The southernmost group was the Xhosa people, whose language incorporates certain linguistic traits from the earlier Khoisan people. The Xhosa reached the Great Fish River, in today's Eastern Cape Province. As they migrated, these larger Iron Age populations displaced or assimilated earlier peoples. In Mpumalanga, several stone circles have been found along with the stone arrangement that has been named Adam's Calendar.
Portuguese contacts
At the time of European contact, the dominant ethnic group were Bantu-speaking peoples who had migrated from other parts of Africa about one thousand years before. The two major historic groups were the Xhosa and Zulu peoples.
In 1487, the Portuguese explorer Bartolomeu Dias led the first European voyage to land in southern Africa.[28] On 4 December, he landed at Walfisch Bay (now known as Walvis Bay in present-day Namibia). This was south of the furthest point reached in 1485 by his predecessor, the Portuguese navigator Diogo Cão (Cape Cross, north of the bay). Dias continued down the western coast of southern Africa. After 8 January 1488, prevented by storms from proceeding along the coast, he sailed out of sight of land and passed the southernmost point of Africa without seeing it. He reached as far up the eastern coast of Africa as, what he called, Rio do Infante, probably the present-day Groot River, in May 1488, but on his return he saw the Cape, which he first named Cabo das Tormentas (Cape of Storms). His King, John II, renamed the point Cabo da Boa Esperança, or Cape of Good Hope, as it led to the riches of the East Indies.[29] Dias' feat of navigation was later immortalised in Luís de Camões' Portuguese epic poem, The Lusiads (1572).
Dutch colonisation
See also: History of Cape Colony and Dutch Cape Colony




Charles Davidson Bell's 19th-century painting of Jan van Riebeeck, who founded the first European settlement in South Africa, arrives in Table Bay in 1652.


By the early 17th century, Portugal's maritime power was starting to decline, and English and Dutch merchants competed to oust Lisbon from its lucrative monopoly on the spice trade.[30] Representatives of the British East India Company did call sporadically at the Cape in search of provisions as early as 1601, but later came to favour Ascension Island and St. Helena as alternative ports of refuge.[31] Dutch interest was aroused after 1647, when two employees of the Dutch East India Company (VOC) were shipwrecked there for several months. The sailors were able to survive by obtaining fresh water and meat from the natives.[31] They also sowed vegetables in the fertile soil.[32] Upon their return to Holland they reported favourably on the Cape's potential as a "warehouse and garden" for provisions to stock passing ships for long voyages.[31]
In 1652, a century and a half after the discovery of the Cape sea route, Jan van Riebeeck established a victualing station at the Cape of Good Hope, at what would become Cape Town, on behalf of the Dutch East India Company.[33][34] In time, the Cape become home to a large population of "vrijlieden", also known as "vrijburgers" (free citizens), former Company employees who stayed in Dutch territories overseas after serving their contracts.[34] Dutch traders also imported thousands of slaves to the fledgling colony from Indonesia, Madagascar, and parts of eastern Africa.[35] Some of the earliest mixed race communities in the country were later formed through unions between vrijburgers, their slaves, and various indigenous peoples.[36] This led to the development of a new ethnic group, the Cape Coloureds, most of whom adopted the Dutch language and Christian faith.[36]
The eastward expansion of Dutch colonists ushered in a series of wars with the southwesterly migrating Xhosa tribe, as both sides competed for the pastureland necessary to graze their cattle near the Great Fish River.[37] Vrijburgers who became independent farmers on the frontier were known as Boers, with some adopting semi-nomadic lifestyles being denoted as trekboers.[37] The Boers formed loose militias, which they termed commandos, and forged alliances with Khoisan groups to repel Xhosa raids.[37] Both sides launched bloody but inconclusive offensives, and sporadic violence, often accompanied by livestock theft, remained common for several decades.[37]
British colonisation
Great Britain occupied Cape Town between 1795 and 1803 to prevent it from falling under the control of the French First Republic, which had invaded the Low Countries.[37] Despite briefly returning to Dutch rule under the Batavian Republic in 1803, the Cape was occupied again by the British in 1806.[38] Following the end of the Napoleonic Wars, it was formally ceded to Great Britain and became an integral part of the British Empire.[39] British immigration to South Africa began around 1818, subsequently culminating in the arrival of the 1820 Settlers.[39] The new colonists were induced to settle for a variety of reasons, namely to increase the size of the European workforce and to bolster frontier regions against Xhosa incursions.[39]




Depiction of a Zulu attack on a Boer camp in February 1838


In the first two decades of the 19th century, the Zulu people grew in power and expanded their territory under their leader, Shaka.[40] Shaka's warfare led indirectly to the Mfecane ("crushing") that devastated and depopulated the inland plateau in the early 1820s.[41][42] An offshoot of the Zulu, the Matabele people created a larger empire that included large parts of the highveld under their king Mzilikazi.
During the early 1800s, many Dutch settlers departed from the Cape Colony, where they had been subjected to British control. They migrated to the future Natal, Orange Free State, and Transvaal regions. The Boers founded the Boer Republics: the South African Republic (now Gauteng, Limpopo, Mpumalanga and North West provinces) and the Orange Free State (Free State).
The discovery of diamonds in 1867 and gold in 1884 in the interior started the Mineral Revolution and increased economic growth and immigration. This intensified British efforts to gain control over the indigenous peoples. The struggle to control these important economic resources was a factor in relations between Europeans and the indigenous population and also between the Boers and the British.[43]
The Anglo-Zulu War was fought in 1879 between the British Empire and the Zulu Kingdom. Following Lord Carnarvon's successful introduction of federation in Canada, it was thought that similar political effort, coupled with military campaigns, might succeed with the African kingdoms, tribal areas and Boer republics in South Africa. In 1874, Sir Henry Bartle Frere was sent to South Africa as High Commissioner for the British Empire to bring such plans into being. Among the obstacles were the presence of the independent states of the South African Republic and the Kingdom of Zululand and its army. The Zulu nation spectacularly defeated the British at the Battle of Isandlwana. Eventually though the war was lost resulting in the end of the Zulu nation's independence.




Boers in combat (1881)


The Boer Republics successfully resisted British encroachments during the First Boer War (1880–1881) using guerrilla warfare tactics, which were well suited to local conditions. The British returned with greater numbers, more experience, and new strategy in the Second Boer War (1899–1902) but suffered heavy casualties through attrition; nonetheless, they were ultimately successful.
Independence
Within the country, anti-British policies among white South Africans focused on independence. During the Dutch and British colonial years, racial segregation was mostly informal, though some legislation was enacted to control the settlement and movement of native people, including the Native Location Act of 1879 and the system of pass laws.[44][45][46][47][48]
Eight years after the end of the Second Boer War and after four years of negotiation, an act of the British Parliament (South Africa Act 1909) granted nominal independence, while creating the Union of South Africa on 31 May 1910. The Union was a dominion that included the former territories of the Cape and Natal colonies, as well as the republics of Orange Free State and Transvaal.[49]
The Natives' Land Act of 1913 severely restricted the ownership of land by blacks; at that stage natives controlled only 7% of the country. The amount of land reserved for indigenous peoples was later marginally increased.[50]
In 1931 the union was fully sovereign from the United Kingdom with the passage of the Statute of Westminster, which abolished the last powers of the British Government on the country. In 1934, the South African Party and National Party merged to form the United Party, seeking reconciliation between Afrikaners and English-speaking "Whites". In 1939 the party split over the entry of the Union into World War II as an ally of the United Kingdom, a move which the National Party followers strongly opposed.
Beginning of apartheid




"For use by white persons" – apartheid sign


In 1948, the National Party was elected to power. It strengthened the racial segregation begun under Dutch and British colonial rule. The Nationalist Government classified all peoples into three races and developed rights and limitations for each. The white minority (less than 20%[51]) controlled the vastly larger black majority. The legally institutionalised segregation became known as apartheid. While whites enjoyed the highest standard of living in all of Africa, comparable to First World Western nations, the black majority remained disadvantaged by almost every standard, including income, education, housing, and life expectancy. The Freedom Charter, adopted in 1955 by the Congress Alliance, demanded a non-racial society and an end to discrimination.
Republic
On 31 May 1961, the country became a republic following a referendum in which white voters narrowly voted in favour thereof (the British-dominated Natal province rallied against the issue).[52] Queen Elizabeth II was stripped of the title Queen of South Africa, and the last Governor-General, namely Charles Robberts Swart, became State President. As a concession to the Westminster system, the presidency remained parliamentary appointed and virtually powerless until P. W. Botha's Constitution Act of 1983, which (intact in these regards) eliminated the office of Prime Minister and instated a near-unique "strong presidency" responsible to parliament. Pressured by other Commonwealth of Nations countries, South Africa withdrew from the organisation in 1961, and rejoined it only in 1994.
Despite opposition both within and outside the country, the government legislated for a continuation of apartheid. The security forces cracked down on internal dissent, and violence became widespread, with anti-apartheid organisations such as the African National Congress, the Azanian People's Organisation, and the Pan-Africanist Congress carrying out guerrilla warfare[53] and urban sabotage.[54] The three rival resistance movements also engaged in occasional inter-factional clashes as they jockeyed for domestic influence.[55] Apartheid became increasingly controversial, and several countries began to boycott business with the South African government because of its racial policies. These measures were later extended to international sanctions and the divestment of holdings by foreign investors.[56][57]




F. W. de Klerk and Nelson Mandela shake hands in January 1992


In the late 1970s, South Africa initiated a programme of nuclear weapons development. In the following decade, it produced six deliverable nuclear weapons.[58][59]
End of apartheid
The Mahlabatini Declaration of Faith, signed by Mangosuthu Buthelezi and Harry Schwarz in 1974, enshrined the principles of peaceful transition of power and equality for all, the first of such agreements by black and white political leaders in South Africa. Ultimately, F. W. de Klerk opened bilateral discussions with Nelson Mandela in 1993 for a transition of policies and government.
In 1990 the National Party government took the first step towards dismantling discrimination when it lifted the ban on the African National Congress and other political organisations. It released Nelson Mandela from prison after twenty-seven years' serving a sentence for sabotage. A negotiation process followed. With approval from a predominantly white referendum, the government repealed apartheid legislation. South Africa also destroyed its nuclear arsenal and acceded to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty. South Africa held its first universal elections in 1994, which the ANC won by an overwhelming majority. It has been in power ever since. The country rejoined the Commonwealth of Nations and became a member of the Southern African Development Community (SADC).




Nelson Mandela, first black African President of Republic of South Africa


In post-apartheid South Africa, unemployment has been extremely high as the country has struggled with many changes. While many blacks have risen to middle or upper classes, the overall unemployment rate of blacks worsened between 1994 and 2003.[60] Poverty among whites, previously rare, increased.[61] In addition, the current government has struggled to achieve the monetary and fiscal discipline to ensure both redistribution of wealth and economic growth. Since the ANC-led government took power, the United Nations Human Development Index of South Africa has fallen, while it was steadily rising until the mid-1990s.[62] Some may be attributed to the HIV/AIDS pandemic, and the failure of the government to take steps to address it in the early years.[63]
In May 2008, riots left over sixty people dead.[64] The Centre on Housing Rights and Evictions estimates over 100,000 people were driven from their homes.[65] The targets were mainly migrants and refugees seeking asylum, but a third of the victims were South African citizens.[64] In a 2006 survey, the South African Migration Project concluded that South Africans are more opposed to immigration than anywhere else in the world.[66] The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in 2008 reported over 200,000 refugees applied for asylum in South Africa, almost four times as many as the year before.[67] These people were mainly from Zimbabwe, though many also come from Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Rwanda, Eritrea, Ethiopia and Somalia.[67] Competition over jobs, business opportunities, public services and housing has led to tension between refugees and host communities.[67] While xenophobia is still a problem, recent violence has not been as widespread as initially feared.[67]
Geography
Main article: Geography of South Africa




A map of South Africa showing the main topographic features: the Central Plateau edged by the Great Escarpment, and the Cape Fold Belt in the south-west corner of the country






Important geographical regions in South Africa. The thick line traces the course of the Great Escarpment which edges the central plateau. The eastern portion of this line, coloured red, is known as the Drakensberg. The Escarpment rises to its highest point, at over 3000 m, where the Drakensberg forms the border between KwaZulu-Natal and Lesotho. None of the regions indicated on the map has a sharp well-defined border, except where the Escarpment, or a range of mountains forms a clear dividing line between two regions. Some of the better known regions are coloured in; the others are simply indicated by their names, as they would be in an atlas.


South Africa is located at the southernmost region of Africa, with a long coastline that stretches more than 2,500 km (1,553 mi) and along two oceans (the South Atlantic and the Indian). At 1,219,912 km2 (471,011 sq mi),[68] South Africa is the 25th-largest country in the world and is comparable in size to Colombia. Mafadi in the Drakensberg at 3,450 m (11,320 ft) is the highest peak in South Africa. Excluding the Prince Edward Islands, the country lies between latitudes 22° and 35°S, and longitudes 16° and 33°E.
The interior of South Africa consists of a vast, in most places almost flat, plateau with an altitude of between 1,000 m (3,300 ft) and 2,100 m (6,900 ft), highest in the east and sloping gently downwards towards the west and north, and slightly less noticeably so to the south and south-west.[69] This plateau is surrounded by the Great Escarpment[70] whose eastern, and highest, stretch is known as the Drakensberg.[71]
The south and south-western parts of the plateau (at approximately 1100–1800 m above sea level), and the adjoining plain below (at approximately 700–800 m above sea level – see map on the right) is known as the Great Karoo, which consists of sparsely populated scrubland. To the north the Great Karoo fades into the even drier and more arid Bushmanland, which eventually becomes the Kalahari desert in the very north-west of the country. The mid-eastern, and highest part of the plateau is known as the Highveld. This relatively well-watered area is home to a great proportion of the country’s commercial farmlands, and contains its largest conurbation (Gauteng Province). To the north of Highveld, from about the 25° 30' S line of latitude, the plateau slopes downwards into the Bushveld, which ultimately gives way to the Limpopo lowlands or Lowveld.[70]




Flat topped hills (called Karoo Koppies) are highly characteristic of the southern and southwestern Karoo landscape. These hills are capped by hard, erosion resistant dolerite sills. This is solidified lava that was forced under high pressure between the horizontal strata of the sedimentary rocks that make up most of the Karoo’s geology about 180 million years ago. Since then Southern Africa has undergone a prolonged period of erosion removing the relatively soft Karoo rocks, except where they are protected by a cap of dolerite. This photograph was taken near Cradock in the Eastern Cape.


The coastal belt, below the Great Escarpment, moving clockwise from the northeast, consists of the Limpopo Lowveld, which merges into the Mpumalanga Lowveld, below the Mpumalanga Drakensberg (the eastern portion of the Great Escarpment).[72] This is hotter, drier and less intensely cultivated than the Highveld above the escarpment.[70] The Kruger National Park, located in the provinces of Limpopo and Mpumalanga in northeastern South Africa, occupies a large portion of the Lowveld covering 19,633 square kilometres (7,580 sq mi.) [73] South of the Lowveld the annual rainfall increases as one enters KwaZulu-Natal Province, which, especially near the coast, is subtropically hot and humid. The KwaZulu-Natal – Lesotho international border is formed by the highest portion of the Great Escarpment, or Drakensberg, which reaches an altitude of over 3,000 m (9,800 ft).[74] The climate at the foot of this part of the Drakensberg is temperate.




Drakensberg, the eastern and highest portion of the Great Escarpment which surrounds the east, south and western borders of the central plateau of Southern Africa


The coastal belt below the south and south-western stretches of the Great Escarpment contains several ranges of Cape Fold Mountains which run parallel to the coast, separating the Great Escarpment from the ocean.[75][76] (These parallel ranges of fold mountains are shown on the map, above left. Note the course of the Great Escarpment to the north of these mountain ranges.) The land (at approximately 400–500 m above sea level) between two of these ranges of fold mountains in the south (i.e. between the Outeniqua and Langeberg ranges to the south and the Swartberg range to the north) is known as the Little Karoo,[70] which consists of semi-desert scrubland similar to that of the Great Karoo, except that its northern strip along the foothills of the Swartberg Mountains, has a somewhat higher rainfall and is therefore more cultivated than the Great Karoo. The Little Karoo is historically, and still, famous for its ostrich farming around the town of Oudtshoorn. The lowland area (700–800 m above sea level) to the north of the Swartberg mountain range up to the Great Escarpment is the lowland part of the Great Karoo (see map at top right), which is climatically and botanically almost indistinguishable from the Karoo above the Great Escarpment. The narrow coastal strip between the most seaward Cape Fold Mountain range (i.e., the Langeberg–Outeniqua mountains) and the ocean has a moderately high year-round rainfall, especially in the George-Knysna-Plettenberg Bay region, which is known as the Garden Route. It is famous for the most extensive areas of indigenous forests in South Africa (a generally forest-poor country).
In the south-west corner of the country the Cape Peninsula forms the southernmost tip of the coastal strip which borders the Atlantic Ocean, and ultimately terminates at the country’s border with Namibia at the Orange River. The Cape Peninsula has a Mediterranean climate, making it and its immediate surrounds the only portion of Africa south of the Sahara which receives most of its rainfall in winter.[77][78] The greater Cape Town metropolitan area is situated on the Cape Peninsula and is home to 3.7 million people according to the 2011 population census. It is the country's legislative capital.




Spring flowers in Namaqualand


The coastal belt to the north of the Cape Peninsula is bounded on the west by the Atlantic Ocean and the first row of north-south running Cape Fold Mountains to the east. The Cape Fold Mountains peter out at about the 32° S line of latitude,[76] after which the coastal plain is bounded by the Great Escarpment itself. The most southerly portion of this coastal belt is known as the Swartland and Malmesbury Plain, which is an important wheat growing region, relying on winter rains. The region further north is known as Namaqualand,[79] which becomes more and more arid as one approaches the Orange River. The little rain that falls, tends to fall in winter,[78] which results in one of the world’s most spectacular displays of flowers carpeting huge stretches of veld in spring (August–September).




Cape Floral Region Protected Areas.


South Africa also has one possession, the small sub-Antarctic archipelago of the Prince Edward Islands, consisting of Marion Island (290 km2 or 110 sq mi) and Prince Edward Island (45 km2 or 17 sq mi) (not to be confused with the Canadian province of the same name).
Climate
Main article: Climate of South Africa




Köppen climate types of South Africa


South Africa has a generally temperate climate, due in part to being surrounded by the Atlantic and Indian Oceans on three sides, by its location in the climatically milder Southern Hemisphere and due to the average elevation rising steadily towards the north (towards the equator) and further inland. Due to this varied topography and oceanic influence, a great variety of climatic zones exist. The climatic zones range from the extreme desert of the southern Namib in the farthest northwest to the lush subtropical climate in the east along the Mozambique border and the Indian Ocean. Winters in South Africa occur between June and August.
The extreme southwest has a climate remarkably similar to that of the Mediterranean with wet winters and hot, dry summers, hosting the famous fynbos biome of shrubland and thicket. This area also produces much of the wine in South Africa. This region is also particularly known for its wind, which blows intermittently almost all year. The severity of this wind made passing around the Cape of Good Hope particularly treacherous for sailors, causing many shipwrecks. Further east on the south coast, rainfall is distributed more evenly throughout the year, producing a green landscape. This area is popularly known as the Garden Route.
The Free State is particularly flat because it lies centrally on the high plateau. North of the Vaal River, the Highveld becomes better watered and does not experience subtropical extremes of heat. Johannesburg, in the centre of the Highveld, is at 1,740 m (5,709 ft) and receives an annual rainfall of 760 mm (29.9 in). Winters in this region are cold, although snow is rare.
The high Drakensberg mountains, which form the south-eastern escarpment of the Highveld, offer limited skiing opportunities in winter. The coldest place on mainland South Africa is Sutherland in the western Roggeveld Mountains, where midwinter temperatures can reach as low as −15 °C (5 °F). The Prince Edward Islands have colder average annual temperatures, but Sutherland has colder extremes. The deep interior of mainland South Africa has the hottest temperatures: a temperature of 51.7 °C (125.06 °F) was recorded in 1948 in the Northern Cape Kalahari near Upington,[80] but this temperature is unofficial and was not recorded with standard equipment, the official highest temperature is 48.8 °C (119.84 °F) at Vioolsdrif in January 1993.[81]
Biodiversity
See also: Wildlife of South Africa and Protected areas of South Africa
South Africa signed the Rio Convention on Biological Diversity on 4 June 1994, and became a party to the convention on 2 November 1995.[82] It has subsequently produced a National Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plan, which was received by the convention on 7 June 2006.[83] The country is ranked sixth out of the world's seventeen megadiverse countries.[84]
Animals




South African giraffe, Kruger National Park


Numerous mammals are found in the bushveld including Transvaal lions, African leopards, South African cheetahs, southern white rhinos, blue wildebeest, kudus, impalas, hyenas, hippopotamuses and South African giraffes. A significant extent of the bushveld exists in the north-east including Kruger National Park and the Sabi Sand Game Reserve, as well as in the far north in the Waterberg Biosphere. South Africa houses many endemic species, among them the critically endangered riverine rabbit (Bunolagus monticullaris) in the Karoo.
Fungi
Up to 1945, more than 4900 species of fungi (including lichen-forming species) had been recorded.[85] In 2006, the total number of fungi which occur in South Africa was conservatively estimated at about 200,000 species, but that did not take into account fungi associated with insects.[86] If correct, then the number of South African fungi dwarfs that of its plants. In at least some major South African ecosystems, an exceptionally high percentage of fungi are highly specific in terms of the plants with which they occur.[87] The country's biodiversity strategy and action plan does not mention fungi (including lichen-forming fungi).[83]
Plants




Sub-tropical forest near Durban






Lowveld vegetation of the Kruger National Park


With more than 22,000 different higher plants, or about 9% of all the known species of plants on Earth,[88] South Africa is particularly rich in plant diversity. The most prevalent biome in South Africa is the grassland, particularly on the Highveld, where the plant cover is dominated by different grasses, low shrubs, and acacia trees, mainly camel-thorn and whitethorn. Vegetation becomes even more sparse towards the northwest due to low rainfall. There are several species of water-storing succulents like aloes and euphorbias in the very hot and dry Namaqualand area. The grass and thorn savannah turns slowly into a bush savannah towards the north-east of the country, with denser growth. There are significant numbers of baobab trees in this area, near the northern end of Kruger National Park.[89]
The fynbos biome, which makes up the majority of the area and plant life in the Cape floristic region, one of the six floral kingdoms, is located in a small region of the Western Cape and contains more than 9,000 of those species, making it among the richest regions on earth in terms of plant diversity.[citation needed] Most of the plants are evergreen hard-leaf plants with fine, needle-like leaves, such as the sclerophyllous plants. Another uniquely South African flowering plant group is the genus Protea. There are around 130 different species of Protea in South Africa.
While South Africa has a great wealth of flowering plants, only 1% of South Africa is forest, almost exclusively in the humid coastal plain of KwaZulu-Natal, where there are also areas of Southern Africa mangroves in river mouths. There are even smaller reserves of forests that are out of the reach of fire, known as montane forests. Plantations of imported tree species are predominant, particularly the non-native eucalyptus and pine.
Conservation issues
South Africa has lost a large area of natural habitat in the last four decades, primarily due to overpopulation, sprawling development patterns and deforestation during the 19th century. South Africa is one of the worst affected countries in the world when it comes to invasion by alien species with many (e.g. black wattle, Port Jackson willow, Hakea, Lantana and Jacaranda) posing a significant threat to the native biodiversity and the already scarce water resources. The original temperate forest found by the first European settlers was exploited ruthlessly until only small patches remained. Currently, South African hardwood trees like real yellowwood (Podocarpus latifolius), stinkwood (Ocotea bullata), and South African black ironwood (Olea laurifolia) are under government protection. Statistics from the South African Environmental Affairs department show a record 1215 rhinos have been killed in 2014.[90]
Climate change is expected to bring considerable warming and drying to much of this already semi-arid region, with greater frequency and intensity of extreme weather events such as heatwaves, flooding and drought. According to computer generated climate modelling produced by the South African National Biodiversity Institute[91] parts of southern Africa will see an increase in temperature by about one degree Celsius along the coast to more than four degrees Celsius in the already hot hinterland such as the Northern Cape in late spring and summertime by 2050. The Cape Floral Kingdom, been identified as one of the global biodiversity hotspots, it will be hit very hard by climate change. Drought, increased intensity and frequency of fire and climbing temperatures are expected to push many rare species towards extinction.


Biodiversity of South Africa


King protea, national flower



Fynbos, Cape Floristic Region



Blue crane, national bird



Flowers in the West Coast National Park




Politics and government
Main articles: Government of South Africa, Politics of South Africa, Law of South Africa, and Human rights in South Africa




Union Buildings in Pretoria, seat of the executive






Houses of Parliament in Cape Town, seat of the legislature


South Africa is a parliamentary republic, although unlike most such republics the President is both head of state and head of government, and depends for his tenure on the confidence of Parliament. The executive, legislature and judiciary are all subject to the supremacy of the Constitution, and the superior courts have the power to strike down executive actions and acts of Parliament if they are unconstitutional.
The National Assembly, the lower house of Parliament, consists of 400 members and is elected every five years by a system of party-list proportional representation. The National Council of Provinces, the upper house, consists of ninety members, with each of the nine provincial legislatures electing ten members.
After each parliamentary election, the National Assembly elects one of its members as President; hence the President serves a term of office the same as that of the Assembly, normally five years. No President may serve more than two terms in office.[92] The President appoints a Deputy President and Ministers, who form the Cabinet which consists of Departments and Ministries. The President and the Cabinet may be removed by the National Assembly by a motion of no confidence.




Jacob Zuma, President of South Africa since 2009


In the most recent election, held on 7 May 2014, the African National Congress (ANC) won 62.2% of the vote and 249 seats, while the main opposition, the Democratic Alliance (DA) won 22.2% of the vote and 89 seats. The Economic Freedom Fighters, founded by Julius Malema, the former President of the ANC's Youth Wing who was later expelled from the ANC, won 6.4% of the vote and 25 seats. The ANC has been the governing political party in South Africa since the end of apartheid.
South Africa has no legally defined capital city. The fourth chapter of the Constitution of South Africa, states that "The seat of Parliament is Cape Town, but an Act of Parliament enacted in accordance with section 76(1) and (5) may determine that the seat of Parliament is elsewhere."[93] The country's three branches of government are split over different cities. Cape Town, as the seat of Parliament, is the legislative capital; Pretoria, as the seat of the President and Cabinet, is the administrative capital; and Bloemfontein, as the seat of the Supreme Court of Appeal, is the judicial capital, while the Constitutional Court of South Africa sits in Johannesburg. Most foreign embassies are located in Pretoria.
Since 2004, South Africa has had many thousands of popular protests, some violent, making it, according to one academic, the "most protest-rich country in the world".[94] There have been a number of incidents of political repression as well as threats of future repression in violation of this constitution leading some analysts and civil society organisations to conclude that there is or could be a new climate of political repression,[95][96] or a decline in political tolerance.[97]
In 2008, South Africa placed 5th out of 48 sub-Saharan African countries on the Ibrahim Index of African Governance. South Africa scored well in the categories of Rule of Law, Transparency & Corruption and Participation & Human Rights, but was let down by its relatively poor performance in Safety & Security.[98] In November 2006, South Africa became the first African country to legalise same-sex marriage.[99]
Law
See also: Crime in South Africa




Constitutional Court in Johannesburg


The Constitution of South Africa is the supreme rule of law in the country. The primary sources of South African law are Roman-Dutch mercantile law and personal law with English Common law, as imports of Dutch settlements and British colonialism.[100] The first European based law in South Africa was brought by the Dutch East India Company and is called Roman-Dutch law. It was imported before the codification of European law into the Napoleonic Code and is comparable in many ways to Scots law. This was followed in the 19th century by English law, both common and statutory. Starting in 1910 with unification, South Africa had its own parliament which passed laws specific for South Africa, building on those previously passed for the individual member colonies.
The judicial system consists of the magistrates' courts, which hear lesser criminal cases and smaller civil cases; the High Courts, which are courts of general jurisdiction for specific areas; the Supreme Court of Appeal, which is the highest court in all but constitutional matters; and the Constitutional Court, which hears only constitutional matters.




Soweto Pride 2012 participants protest against violence against lesbians. Human Rights in the country are widely positivized into laws but some groups still are socially discriminated. It is the first country in Africa recognizing same sex marriage.


Nearly 50 murders are committed each day in South Africa.[101] In the year ended March 2014 there were 17,068 murders and the murder rate was 32.2 per 100,000 - about five times higher than the global average of 6 per 100,000.[102] Middle-class South Africans seek security in gated communities.[103] The private security industry in South Africa is the largest in the world,[104] with nearly 9,000 registered companies and 400,000 registered active private security guards, more than the South African police and army combined.[105] Many emigrants from South Africa also state that crime was a big motivator for them to leave.[106] Crime against the farming community has continued to be a major problem.[107]
It is estimated that 500,000 women are raped in South Africa every year[108] with the average woman more likely to be raped than complete secondary school.[109] A 2009 survey found one in four South African men admitted to raping someone[110] and another survey found one in three women out of 4000 surveyed women said they had been raped in the past year.[111] Rapes are also perpetrated by children (some as young as ten).[112] Child and baby rape incidences are some of the highest in the world, largely as a result of the virgin cleansing myth, and a number of high-profile cases (sometimes as young as eight months[112]) have outraged the nation.[113]
Foreign relations
Main article: Foreign relations of South Africa




Leaders of the BRICS nations at the G-20 summit in Hangzhou, 2016


As the Union of South Africa, the country was a founding member of the United Nations. The then Prime Minister Jan Smuts wrote the preamble to the United Nations Charter.[114][115] South Africa is one of the founding members of the African Union (AU), and has the second largest economy of all the members. It is also a founding member of the AU's New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD).
South Africa has played a key role as a mediator in African conflicts over the last decade, such as in Burundi, the Democratic Republic of Congo, the Comoros, and Zimbabwe. After apartheid ended, South Africa was readmitted to the Commonwealth of Nations. The country is a member of the Group of 77 and chaired the organisation in 2006. South Africa is also a member of the Southern African Development Community, South Atlantic Peace and Cooperation Zone, Southern African Customs Union, Antarctic Treaty System, World Trade Organization, International Monetary Fund, G20, G8+5, and the Port Management Association of Eastern and Southern Africa.
South African President Jacob Zuma and Chinese President Hu Jintao upgraded bilateral ties between the two countries on 24 August 2010, when they signed the Beijing Agreement, which elevated South Africa's earlier "strategic partnership" with China to the higher level of "comprehensive strategic partnership" in both economic and political affairs, including the strengthening of exchanges between their respective ruling parties and legislatures.[116][117] In April 2011, South Africa formally joined the Brazil-Russia-India-China (BRICS) grouping of countries, identified by President Zuma as the country's largest trading partners, and also the largest trading partners with Africa as a whole. Zuma asserted that BRICS member countries would also work with each other through the UN, the Group of Twenty (G20) and the India, Brazil South Africa (IBSA) forum.[118]
Military
Main article: South African National Defence Force




SANDF soldiers


The South African National Defence Force (SANDF) was created in 1994,[119][120] as an all volunteer force composed of the former South African Defence Force, the forces of the African nationalist groups (Umkhonto we Sizwe and Azanian People's Liberation Army), and the former Bantustan defence forces.[119] The SANDF is subdivided into four branches, the South African Army, the South African Air Force, the South African Navy, and the South African Military Health Service.[121] In recent years, the SANDF has become a major peacekeeping force in Africa,[122] and has been involved in operations in Lesotho, the Democratic Republic of the Congo,[122] and Burundi,[122] amongst others. It has also served in multi-national UN peacekeeping forces such as the United Nations Force Intervention Brigade for example.
South Africa is the only African country to have successfully developed nuclear weapons. It became the first country (followed by Ukraine) with nuclear capability to voluntarily renounce and dismantle its programme and in the process signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 1991.[123] South Africa undertook a nuclear weapons programme in the 1970s[123] According to former state president FW de Klerk, the decision to build a "nuclear deterrent" was taken "as early as 1974 against a backdrop of a Soviet expansionist threat."[124] South Africa is alleged to have conducted a nuclear test over the Atlantic in 1979,[125] although this is officially denied. Former president FW de Klerk maintained that South Africa had "never conducted a clandestine nuclear test."[124] Six nuclear devices were completed between 1980 and 1990, but all were dismantled before South Africa signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 1991.[124]
Administrative divisions
Main article: Provinces of South Africa




Provinces of South Africa


Each of the nine provinces is governed by a unicameral legislature, which is elected every five years by party-list proportional representation. The legislature elects a Premier as head of government, and the Premier appoints an Executive Council as a provincial cabinet. The powers of provincial governments are limited to topics listed in the Constitution; these topics include such fields as health, education, public housing and transport.
The provinces are in turn divided into 52 districts: 8 metropolitan and 44 district municipalities. The district municipalities are further subdivided into 226 local municipalities. The metropolitan municipalities, which govern the largest urban agglomerations, perform the functions of both district and local municipalities.


Province
Provincial capital
Largest city
Area (km2)[126]
Population (2013)[4]


Eastern Cape
Bhisho
Port Elizabeth
168,966
6,620,100


Free State
Bloemfontein
Bloemfontein
129,825
2,753,200


Gauteng
Johannesburg
Johannesburg
18,178
12,728,400


KwaZulu-Natal
Pietermaritzburg
Durban
94,361
10,456,900


Limpopo
Polokwane
Polokwane
125,754
5,518,000


Mpumalanga
Nelspruit
Mbombela
76,495
4,128,000


North West
Mahikeng
Rustenburg
104,882
3,597,600


Northern Cape
Kimberley
Kimberley
372,889
1,162,900


Western Cape
Cape Town
Cape Town
129,462
6,016,900


Economy




Annual per capita personal income by ethnic group in South Africa relative to white levels


Main article: Economy of South Africa




The JSE is the largest stock exchange on the African continent.


South Africa has a mixed economy, the second-largest in Africa after Nigeria. It also has a relatively high GDP per capita compared to other countries in Sub-Saharan Africa ($11,750 at PPP as of 2012). Despite this, South Africa is still burdened by a relatively high rate of poverty and unemployment, and is also ranked in the Top 10 countries in the world for income inequality,[127][128][129] measured by the Gini coefficient.
Unlike most of the world's poor countries, South Africa does not have a thriving informal economy. Only 15% of South African jobs are in the informal sector, compared with around half in Brazil and India and nearly three-quarters in Indonesia. The OECD attributes this difference to South Africa's widespread welfare system.[130] World Bank research shows that South Africa has one of the widest gaps between per capita GNP versus its Human Development Index ranking, with only Botswana showing a larger gap.[131]
After 1994, government policy brought down inflation, stabilised public finances, and some foreign capital was attracted, however growth was still subpar.[132] From 2004 onwards, economic growth picked up significantly; both employment and capital formation increased.[132] During the presidency of Jacob Zuma, the government has begun to increase the role of state-owned enterprises. Some of the biggest state-owned companies are Eskom, the electric power monopoly, South African Airways (SAA), and Transnet, the railway and ports monopoly. Some of these state-owned companies have not been profitable, such as SAA, which has required bailouts totaling R30,000,000,000 ($2,300,000,000) over twenty years.[133]
South Africa is a popular tourist destination, and a substantial amount of revenue comes from tourism.[134] Illegal immigrants are involved in informal trading.[135] Many emigrants to South Africa continue to live in poor conditions, and the immigration policy has become increasingly restrictive since 1994.[136]
Principal international trading partners of South Africa—outside Africa—include: Germany, the United States, China, Japan, the United Kingdom and Spain.[137]
The South African agricultural industry contributes around 10% of formal employment, relatively low compared to other parts of Africa, as well as providing work for casual labourers and contributing around 2.6% of GDP for the nation.[138] Due to the aridity of the land, only 13.5% of the land can be used for crop production, and only 3% is considered high potential land.[139]
In August 2013, South Africa was ranked as the top African Country of the Future by FDi magazine based on the country's economic potential, labour environment, cost-effectiveness, infrastructure, business friendliness, and Foreign direct investment Strategy.[140]
The FSI ranks South Africa as the 36th safest tax haven in the world, ahead of the Philippines but behind the Bahamas.
Labour market




Workers packing pears for export in the Ceres valley


During 1995–2003, the number of formal jobs decreased and informal jobs increased; overall unemployment worsened.[60]
The government's Black Economic Empowerment policies have drawn criticism from Neva Makgetla, lead economist for research and information at the Development Bank of Southern Africa, for focusing "almost exclusively on promoting individual ownership by black people (which) does little to address broader economic disparities, though the rich may become more diverse."[141] Official affirmative action policies have seen a rise in black economic wealth and an emerging black middle-class.[142] Other problems include state ownership and interference, which impose high barriers to entry in many areas.[143] Restrictive labour regulations have contributed to the unemployment malaise.[60]
Along with many other African countries, South Africa has been experiencing a "brain drain" within the past twenty years. This is believed to be potentially damaging for the regional economy,[144][not in citation given][clarification needed] and is almost certainly detrimental for the well-being of those reliant on the healthcare infrastructure.[145] The skills drain in South Africa tends to demonstrate racial contours given the skills distribution legacy of South Africa and has thus resulted in large white South African communities moving abroad.[146] However, the statistics which purport to show a brain drain are disputed and also do not account for repatriation and expiry of foreign work contracts. According to several surveys[147][148] there has been a reverse in brain drain following the global financial crisis of 2008-2009 and the expiry of foreign work contracts. In the first quarter of 2011, confidence levels for graduate professionals were recorded at a level of 84% in a PPS survey.[149]
Science and technology
Main article: Science and technology in South Africa




Mark Shuttleworth in space


Several important scientific and technological developments have originated in South Africa. The first human-to-human heart transplant was performed by cardiac surgeon Dr. Christiaan Barnard at Groote Schuur Hospital in December 1967, Max Theiler developed a vaccine against yellow fever, Allan McLeod Cormack pioneered x-ray computed tomography, and Aaron Klug developed crystallographic electron microscopy techniques. With the exception of that of Barnard, all of these advancements were recognised with Nobel Prizes. Sydney Brenner won most recently, in 2002, for his pioneering work in molecular biology.
Mark Shuttleworth founded an early Internet security company Thawte, that was subsequently bought out by world-leader VeriSign. Despite government efforts to encourage entrepreneurship in biotechnology, IT and other high technology fields, no other notable groundbreaking companies have been founded in South Africa. It is the expressed objective of the government to transition the economy to be more reliant on high technology, based on the realisation that South Africa cannot compete with Far Eastern economies in manufacturing, nor can the republic rely on its mineral wealth in perpetuity.
South Africa has cultivated a burgeoning astronomy community. It hosts the Southern African Large Telescope, the largest optical telescope in the Southern Hemisphere. South Africa is currently building the Karoo Array Telescope as a pathfinder for the €1,500,000,000 Square Kilometre Array project.[150] On 25 May 2012, it was announced that hosting of the Square Kilometer Array Telescope will be split over both the South African and the Australia/New Zealand sites.[151]
Water supply and sanitation
Main article: Water supply and sanitation in South Africa
After the end of Apartheid, South Africa's newly elected ANC government struggled with the-then growing service and backlogs with respect to access to Water supply and Sanitation developed. The government thus made a strong commitment to high service standards and to high levels of investment subsidies to achieve those standards. Since then, the country has made some progress with regard to improving access to water supply: It reached universal access to an improved water source in urban areas, and in rural areas the share of those with access increased from 66% to 79% from 1990 to 2010.[152]
South Africa also has a strong water industry with a track record in innovation. However, much less progress has been achieved on sanitation: Access increased only from 71% to 79% during the same period.[152] Significant problems remain concerning the financial sustainability of service providers, leading to a lack of attention to maintenance. The uncertainty about the government's ability to sustain funding levels in the sector is also a concern. Two distinctive features of the South African water sector are the policy of free basic water and the existence of water boards, which are bulk water supply agencies that operate pipelines and sell water from reservoirs to municipalities.
In May 2014, it was announced that Durban's Water and Sanitation Department won the Stockholm Industry Water Award "for its transformative and inclusive approach", calling it "one of the most progressive utilities in the world". The city has connected 1,300,000 additional people to piped water and provided 700,000 with access to toilets in fourteen years. It also was South Africa's first municipality to put free basic water for the poor into practice. Furthermore, it has promoted Rainwater harvesting and mini hydropower.[153]
Demographics
Main article: Demographics of South Africa




Migrations that formed the modern Rainbow Nation






Map of population density in South Africa




  <1 /km2
  1–3 /km2
  3–10 /km2
  10–30 /km2
  30–100 /km2



  100–300 /km2
  300–1000 /km2
  1000–3000 /km2
  >3000 /km2






South Africa is a nation of about 55,000,000 (2016 estimate) people of diverse origins, cultures, languages, and religions. The last census was held in 2011. South Africa is home to an estimated 5,000,000 illegal immigrants, including some 3,000,000 Zimbabweans.[154][155][156] A series of anti-immigrant riots occurred in South Africa beginning on 11 May 2008.[157][158]
Statistics South Africa asks people to describe themselves in the census in terms of five racial population groups.[159] The 2011 census figures for these groups were Black African at 79.2%, White at 8.9%, Coloured at 8.9%, Asian at 2.5%, and Other/Unspecified at 0.5%.[5]:21 The first census in South Africa in 1911 showed that whites made up 22% of the population; it declined to 16% in 1980.[160]
South Africa hosts a sizeable refugee and asylum seeker population. According to the World Refugee Survey 2008, published by the US Committee for Refugees and Immigrants, this population numbered approximately 144,700 people in 2007.[161] Groups of refugees and asylum seekers numbering over 10,000 included people from Zimbabwe (48,400), The Democratic Republic of the Congo (24,800), and Somalia (12,900).[161] These populations mainly lived in Johannesburg, Pretoria, Durban, Cape Town, and Port Elizabeth.[161] Many refugees have now also started to work and live in rural areas in provinces such as Mpumalanga, KwaZulu-Natal and the Eastern Cape.
Languages
Main article: Languages of South Africa




A map showing the dominant South African languages.



  Afrikaans
  English
  Ndebele
  Xhosa
  Zulu
  Northern Sotho



  Sotho
  Tswana
  Swazi
  Venda
  Tsonga
  None dominant






South Africa has eleven official languages:[162] Afrikaans, English, Ndebele, Northern Sotho, Sotho, Swazi, Tswana, Tsonga, Venda, Xhosa, and Zulu. In this regard it is third only to Bolivia and India in number. While all the languages are formally equal, some languages are spoken more than others. According to the 2011 census, the three most spoken first languages are Zulu (22.7%), Xhosa (16.0%), and Afrikaans (13.5%).[163] Despite the fact that English is recognised as the language of commerce and science, it ranked fourth, and was listed as the first language of only 9.6% of South Africans in 2011 but remains the de facto lingua franca of the nation.[163]
The country also recognises several unofficial languages, including Fanagalo, Khoe, Lobedu, Nama, Northern Ndebele, Phuthi, and South African Sign Language.[164] These unofficial languages may be used in certain official uses in limited areas where it has been determined that these languages are prevalent.
Many of the unofficial languages of the San and Khoikhoi people contain regional dialects stretching northwards into Namibia and Botswana, and elsewhere. These people, who are a physically distinct population from other Africans, have their own cultural identity based on their hunter-gatherer societies. They have been marginalised to a great extent, and the remainder of their languages are in danger of becoming extinct.
Many White South Africans also speak European languages, including Portuguese (also spoken by Black Angolans and Mozambicans), German, and Greek, while some Asians in South Africa speak Asian languages, such as Gujarati, Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, and Urdu. French is spoken in South Africa by immigrants from French-speaking parts of Africa.
Urban centres



 


v
t
e


Largest cities or towns in South Africa
2011 Census



Rank
Name
Province
Pop.


1
City of Johannesburg
Gauteng
4,434,827[165]


2
City of Cape Town
Western Cape
3,740,026[166]


3
EThekwini Metropolitan Municipality
KwaZulu-Natal
3,442,361[167]


4
Ekurhuleni
Gauteng
3,178,470[168]


5
City of Tshwane
Gauteng
2,921,488[169]


6
Nelson Mandela Bay
Eastern Cape
1,152,115[170]


7
Buffalo City Metropolitan Municipality
Eastern Cape
755,200[171]


8
Mangaung
Free State
747,431[172]


9
Emfuleni
Gauteng
721,663[173]


10
Polokwane Local Municipality
Limpopo
628,999 [174]


Religion
Main article: Religion in South Africa




Nederduits Gereformeerde Kerk in Wolmaransstad






Sangoma performing a traditional baptism in Alexandra, Johannesburg


According to the 2001 census, Christians accounted for 79.8% of the population, with a majority of them being members of various Protestant denominations (broadly defined to include syncretic African initiated churches) and a minority of Roman Catholics and other Christians. Christian category includes Zion Christian (11.1%), Pentecostal (Charismatic) (8.2%), Roman Catholic (7.1%), Methodist (6.8%), Dutch Reformed (Nederduits Gereformeerde Kerk; 6.7%), Anglican (3.8%). Members of remaining Christian churches accounted for another 36% of the population. Muslims accounted for 1.5% of the population, Hindus 1.2%, traditional African religion 0.3% and Judaism 0.2%. 15.1% had no religious affiliation, 0.6% were other and 1.4% were unspecified.[137][175][176]
African initiated churches formed the largest of the Christian groups. It was believed that many of the persons who claimed no affiliation with any organised religion adhered to traditional African religion. There are an estimated 200,000 indigenous traditional healers in South Africa, and up to 60% of South Africans consult these healers,[177] generally called sangomas or inyangas. These healers use a combination of ancestral spiritual beliefs and a belief in the spiritual and medicinal properties of local fauna and flora, commonly known as muti, to facilitate healing in clients. Many peoples have syncretic religious practices combining Christian and indigenous influences.[178]
South African Muslims comprise mainly those who are described as "Coloured" and those who are described as Indians. They have been joined by Black or White South African converts as well as others from other parts of Africa.[179] South African Muslims claim that their faith is the fastest-growing religion of conversion in the country, with the number of black Muslims growing sixfold, from 12,000 in 1991 to 74,700 in 2004.[179][180]
South Africa is also home to a substantial Jewish population, descended from European Jews who arrived as a minority among other European settlers. This population peaked in the 1970s at 120,000, though only around 67,000 remain today, the rest having emigrated. Even so, these numbers make the Jewish community in South Africa the twelfth largest in the world.[181]
Ethnic Indian Hindus form another significant portion of the population.[175]
Culture
Main article: Culture of South Africa




Decorated houses, Drakensberg


The South African black majority still has a substantial number of rural inhabitants who lead largely impoverished lives. It is among these people that cultural traditions survive most strongly; as Blacks have become increasingly urbanised and Westernised, aspects of traditional culture have declined. Members of the middle-class, who are predominantly White but whose ranks include growing numbers of Black, Coloured and Indian people,[182] have lifestyles similar in many respects to that of people found in Western Europe, North America and Australasia.
The South African Scout Association was one of the first youth organisations to open its doors to youth and adults of all races in South Africa. This happened on 2 July 1977 at a conference known as Quo Vadis.[183]
Arts




Eland, rock painting, Drakensberg


South African art includes the oldest art objects in the world, which were discovered in a South African cave, and dated from 75,000 years ago.[184] The scattered tribes of Khoisan peoples moving into South Africa from around 10,000 BC had their own fluent art styles seen today in a multitude of cave paintings. They were superseded by Bantu/Nguni peoples with their own vocabularies of art forms. New forms of art evolved in the mines and townships: a dynamic art using everything from plastic strips to bicycle spokes. The Dutch-influenced folk art of the Afrikaner Trekboers and the urban white artists earnestly following changing European traditions from the 1850s onwards also contributed to this eclectic mix, which continues to evolve today.




Olive Schreiner


South African literature emerged from a unique social and political history. One of the first well-known novels written by a Black author in an African language was Solomon Thekiso Plaatje's Mhudi, written in 1930. During the 1950s, Drum magazine became a hotbed of political satire, fiction, and essays, giving a voice to urban Black culture.
Notable White South African authors include Alan Paton, who published the acclaimed novel Cry, the Beloved Country in 1948. Nadine Gordimer became the first South African to be awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1991. Her most famous novel, July's People, was released in 1981. J.M. Coetzee won the Nobel Prize for Literature, in 2003. When awarding the prize, the Swedish Academy stated that Coetzee "in innumerable guises portrays the surprising involvement of the outsider".[185]
The plays of Athol Fugard have been regularly premiered in fringe theatres in South Africa, London (The Royal Court Theatre) and New York. Olive Schreiner's The Story of an African Farm (1883) was a revelation in Victorian literature: it is heralded by many as introducing feminism into the novel form.
Breyten Breytenbach was jailed for his involvement with the guerrilla movement against apartheid. Andre Brink was the first Afrikaner writer to be banned by the government after he released the novel A Dry White Season.
Popular culture
The South African media sector is large, and South Africa is one of Africa's major media centres. While South Africa's many broadcasters and publications reflect the diversity of the population as a whole, the most commonly used language is English. However, all ten other official languages are represented to some extent or another.
There is great diversity in South African music. Black musicians have developed a unique style called Kwaito. Kwaito is said to have taken over radio, television, and magazines.[186] Of note is Brenda Fassie, who launched to fame with her song "Weekend Special", which was sung in English. More famous traditional musicians include Ladysmith Black Mambazo, while the Soweto String Quartet performs classic music with an African flavour. South Africa has produced world-famous jazz musicians, notably Hugh Masekela, Jonas Gwangwa, Abdullah Ibrahim, Miriam Makeba, Jonathan Butler, Chris McGregor, and Sathima Bea Benjamin. Afrikaans music covers multiple genres, such as the contemporary Steve Hofmeyr, the punk rock band Fokofpolisiekar and the singer-songwriter Jeremy Loops.
Although few South African film productions are known outside South Africa itself, many foreign films have been produced about South Africa. Arguably, the most high-profile film portraying South Africa in recent years was District 9. Other notable exceptions are the film Tsotsi, which won the Academy Award for Foreign Language Film at the 78th Academy Awards in 2006 as well as U-Carmen e-Khayelitsha, which won the Golden Bear at the 2005 Berlin International Film Festival. In 2015, Oliver Hermanus' film, The Endless River, became the first South African film selected for the Venice Film Festival.
Cuisine
Main article: South African cuisine




Meat on a traditional South African braai


South African culture is diverse; foods from many cultures are enjoyed by all and especially marketed to tourists who wish to sample the large variety of South African cuisine. In addition to food, music and dance feature prominently.[citation needed]
South African cuisine is heavily meat-based and has spawned the distinctively South African social gathering known as a braai, or barbecue. South Africa has also developed into a major wine producer, with some of the best vineyards lying in valleys around Stellenbosch, Franschhoek, Paarl and Barrydale.[187]
Sports
Main article: Sport in South Africa
South Africa's most popular sports are soccer, rugby and cricket.[188] Other sports with significant support are swimming, athletics, golf, boxing, tennis, ringball, and netball. Although soccer commands the greatest following among the youth, other sports like basketball, surfing and skateboarding are increasingly popular.
Soccer players who have played for major foreign clubs include Steven Pienaar, Lucas Radebe and Philemon Masinga, Benni McCarthy, Aaron Mokoena, and Delron Buckley. South Africa, hosted the 2010 FIFA World Cup, and FIFA president Sepp Blatter awarded South Africa a grade 9 out of 10 for successfully hosting the event. The 2010 FIFA World Cup also marked the first time the competition had been hosted on the African continent.[189]




The Springboks in a bus parade after winning the 2007 Rugby World Cup


Famous boxing personalities include Baby Jake Jacob Matlala, Vuyani Bungu, Welcome Ncita, Dingaan Thobela, Gerrie Coetzee and Brian Mitchell. Durban Surfer Jordy Smith won the 2010 Billabong J-Bay competition making him the #1 ranked surfer in the world. South Africa produced Formula One motor racing's 1979 world champion Jody Scheckter. Famous current cricket players include AB de Villiers, Hashim Amla, Dale Steyn, Vernon Philander, Faf du Plessis etc. Most of them also participate in the Indian Premier League.
South Africa has also produced numerous world class rugby players, including Francois Pienaar, Joost van der Westhuizen, Danie Craven, Frik du Preez, Naas Botha and Bryan Habana. South Africa hosted and won the 1995 Rugby World Cup and won the 2007 Rugby World Cup in France. It followed the 1995 Rugby World Cup by hosting the 1996 African Cup of Nations, with the national team going on to win the tournament. It also hosted the 2003 Cricket World Cup, the 2007 World Twenty20 Championship. South Africa has also won the inaugural edition of the 1998 ICC KnockOut Trophy by defeating West Indies in the final.South Africa team also went onto win the inaugural edition of the Blind Cricket World Cup in 1998.
In 2004, the swimming team of Roland Schoeman, Lyndon Ferns, Darian Townsend and Ryk Neethling won the gold medal at the Olympic Games in Athens, simultaneously breaking the world record in the 4x100 freestyle relay. Penny Heyns won Olympic Gold in the 1996 Atlanta Olympic Games. In 2012, Oscar Pistorius became the first double amputee sprinter to compete at the Olympic Games in London. In golf, Gary Player is generally regarded as one of the greatest golfers of all time, having won the Career Grand Slam, one of five golfers to have done so. Other South African golfers to have won major tournaments include Bobby Locke, Ernie Els, Retief Goosen, Tim Clark, Trevor Immelman, Louis Oosthuizen and Charl Schwartzel.
Education
Main article: Education in South Africa




Schoolchildren in Mitchell's Plain


The adult literacy rate in 2007 was 88.7%.[190] South Africa has a 3-tier system of education starting with primary school, followed by high school and tertiary education in the form of (academic) universities and universities of technology. Learners have twelve years of formal schooling, from Grades 1-12. Grade R is a pre-primary foundation year. [191] Primary schools span the first seven years of schooling.[192] High School education spans a further five years. The Senior Certificate examination takes place at the end of Grade 12 and is necessary for tertiary studies at a South African university.[191]
Public universities in South Africa are divided into three types: traditional universities, which offer theoretically-oriented university degrees; universities of technology ("Technikons"), which offer vocational oriented diplomas and degrees; and comprehensive universities, which offer both types of qualifications. There are 23 public universities in South Africa: 11 traditional universities, 6 universities of technology and 6 comprehensive universities.
Under apartheid, schools for Blacks were subject to discrimination through inadequate funding and a separate syllabus called Bantu Education which was only designed to give them sufficient skills to work as labourers.[193] In 2004, South Africa started reforming its higher education system, merging and incorporating smaller universities into larger institutions, and renaming all higher education institutions "university" to redress these imbalances. By 2015, 1,400,000 students in higher education have benefited from a financial aid scheme which was promulgated in 1999.[194]
Public expenditure on education was at 5.4% of the 2002–05 GDP.[195]
Health
Main article: Health in South Africa




AIDS has caused a fall in life expectancy.


According to the South African Institute of Race Relations, the life expectancy in 2009 was 71 years for a White South African and 48 years for a Black South African.[196] The healthcare spending in the country is about 9% of GDP.[197]
Only 16% of the population is covered by medical schemes.[198] About 20% use private healthcare.[199] The rest pay "out of pocket" or through hospital cash plans.[199] The three dominant hospital groups, Mediclinic, Life Healthcare and Netcare, together control 75% of the market.[199] About 84% of the population depend on the public healthcare system,[197] which is beset with chronic human resource shortages and limited resources.[200]
South Africa is home to the third-largest hospital in the world, the Chris Hani Baragwanath Hospital.[201]
HIV/AIDS
Main article: HIV/AIDS in South Africa
According to the 2015 UNAIDS Report, South Africa has an estimated 7,000,000 people living with HIV– more than any other country in the world.[202] A 2008 study revealed that HIV/AIDS infection in South Africa is distinctly divided along racial lines: 13.6% of Blacks are HIV-positive, whereas only 0.3% of Whites have the disease.[203] Most deaths are experienced by economically active individuals, resulting in many AIDS orphans who in many cases depend on the state for care and financial support.[204] It is estimated that there are 1,200,000 orphaned children in South Africa.[204]
The link between HIV, a virus spread primarily by sexual contact, and AIDS was long denied by prior president Thabo Mbeki and then health minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang, who insisted that the many deaths in the country are due to malnutrition, and hence poverty, and not HIV.[205] In 2007, in response to international pressure, the government made efforts to fight AIDS.[206] After the 2009 general election, President Jacob Zuma appointed Dr Aaron Motsoaledi as the new minister and committed his government to increasing funding for and widening the scope of AIDS treatment.[207]
See also


South Africa portal







Book: South Africa





Index of South Africa-related articles
Outline of South Africa


Notes



^ The Khoi, Nama and San languages, South African Sign Language, German, Greek, Gujarati, Hindi, Portuguese, Telugu, Tamil, Urdu, Arabic, Hebrew, Sanskrit and "other languages used for religious purposes in South Africa" have a special status (Chapter 1, Article 6 of the South African Constitution).



References


^ "The Constitution". Constitutional Court of South Africa. Retrieved 3 September 2009. 
^ "Principal Agglomerations of the World". Citypopulation.de. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ Mid-year population estimates 2014. Statistics South Africa
^ a b "Mid-year population estimates 2015" (PDF). Statistics South Africa. Retrieved 11 August 2015. 
^ a b c Census 2011: Census in brief (PDF). Pretoria: Statistics South Africa. 2012. ISBN 9780621413885. Retrieved 12 January 2013. [permanent dead link]
^ a b c d e "South Africa". International Monetary Fund. Retrieved 26 April 2015. 
^ "Gini Index". World Bank. Retrieved 2 March 2011. 
^ "2015 Human Development Report" (PDF). United Nations Development Programme. 2015. Retrieved 15 December 2015. 
^ "South African Maritime Safety Authority". South African Maritime Safety Authority. Retrieved 16 June 2008. 
^ "Coastline". The World Factbook. CIA. Retrieved 16 June 2008. 
^ a b c d "South Africa Fast Facts". SouthAfrica.info. April 2007. Retrieved 14 June 2008. 
^ Guy Arnold. "Lesotho: Year In Review 1996 – Britannica Online Encyclopedia". Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Rainbow Nation – dream or reality?". BBC News. 18 July 2008. Retrieved 10 August 2013. 
^ "South Africa". World Bank. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ David Waugh (2000). "Manufacturing industries (chapter 19), World development (chapter 22)". Geography: An Integrated Approach. Nelson Thornes. pp. 563, 576–579, 633, 640. ISBN 978-0-17-444706-1. Retrieved 24 August 2013. 
^ "South Africa's Unemployment Rate Increases to 23.5%". Bloomberg. 5 May 2009. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ "HDI" (PDF). UNDP. Archived from the original (PDF) on 19 December 2008. 
^ Cooper, Andrew F; Antkiewicz, Agata; Shaw, Timothy M (10 December 2007). "Lessons from/for BRICSAM about South-North Relations at the Start of the 21st Century: Economic Size Trumps All Else?". International Studies Review. 9 (4): 675, 687. doi:10.1111/j.1468-2486.2007.00730.x. 
^ David A. Lynch (2010). Trade and Globalization: An Introduction to Regional Trade Agreements. Rowman & Littlefield. p. 51. ISBN 978-0-7425-6689-7. Retrieved 25 August 2013. Southern Africa is home to the other of sub-Saharan Africa's regional powers: South Africa. South Africa is more than just a regional power; it is currently the most developed and economically powerful country in Africa, and now it is able to use that influence in Africa more than during the days of apartheid, when it was ostracised. 
^ Livermon, Xavier (2008). "Sounds in the City". In Nuttall, Sarah; Mbembé, Achille. Johannesburg: The Elusive Metropolis. Durham: Duke University Press. p. 283. ISBN 9780822381211. Mzansi is another black urban vernacular term popular with the youth and standing for South Africa. 
^ "Mzansi DiToloki". Deaf Federation of South Africa. Archived from the original on 16 January 2014. Retrieved 15 January 2014. uMzantsi in Xhosa means 'south', Mzansi means this country, South Africa 
^ Taylor, Darren. "South African Party Says Call Their Country ‘Azania’". VOA. Retrieved 18 February 2017. 
^ Wymer, John; Singer, R (1982). The Middle Stone Age at Klasies River Mouth in South Africa. Chicago: University of Chicago Press. ISBN 0-226-76103-7. 
^ Deacon, HJ (2001). "Guide to Klasies River" (PDF). Stellenbosch University. p. 11. Retrieved 5 September 2009. 
^ "Fossil Hominid Sites of Sterkfontein, Swartkrans, Kromdraai, and Environs". 
^ Stephen P. Broker. "Hominid Evolution". Yale-New Haven Teachers Institute. Retrieved 19 June 2008. 
^ Langer, William L., ed. (1972). An Encyclopedia of World History (5th ed.). Boston, MA: Houghton Mifflin Company. p. 9. ISBN 0-395-13592-3. 
^ Domville-Fife, C.W. (1900). The encyclopedia of the British Empire the first encyclopedic record of the greatest empire in the history of the world ed. London: Rankin. p. 25. 
^ Mackenzie, W. Douglas; Stead, Alfred (1899). South Africa: Its History, Heroes, and Wars. Chicago: The Co-Operative Publishing Company. 
^ Pakeman, SA. Nations of the Modern World: Ceylon (1964 ed.). Frederick A Praeger, Publishers. pp. 18–19. ASIN B0000CM2VW. 
^ a b c Alexander Wilmot & John Centlivres Chase. History of the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope: From Its Discovery to the Year 1819 (2010 ed.). Claremont: David Philip (Pty) Ltd. pp. 1–548. ISBN 978-1144830159. 
^ Kaplan, Irving. Area Handbook for the Republic of South Africa (PDF). pp. 46–771. 
^ "African History Timeline". West Chester University of Pennsylvania. 
^ a b Hunt, John (2005). Campbell, Heather-Ann, ed. Dutch South Africa: Early Settlers at the Cape, 1652-1708. Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press. pp. 13–35. ISBN 978-1904744955. 
^ Worden, Nigel. Slavery in Dutch South Africa (2010 ed.). Cambridge University Press. pp. 40–43. ISBN 978-0521152662. 
^ a b Nelson, Harold. Zimbabwe: A Country Study. pp. 237–317. 
^ a b c d e Stapleton, Timothy (2010). A Military History of South Africa: From the Dutch-Khoi Wars to the End of Apartheid. Santa Barbara: Praeger Security International. pp. 4–6. ISBN 978-0313365898. 
^ Keegan, Timothy. Colonial South Africa and the Origins of the Racial Order (1996 ed.). David Philip Publishers (Pty) Ltd. pp. 85–86. ISBN 978-0813917351. 
^ a b c Lloyd, Trevor Owen (1997). The British Empire, 1558-1995. Oxford: Oxford University Press. pp. 201–203. ISBN 978-0198731337. 
^ "Shaka: Zulu Chieftain". Historynet.com. Archived from the original on 9 February 2008. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Shaka (Zulu chief)". Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ W. D. Rubinstein (2004). Genocide: A History. Pearson Longman. p. 22. ISBN 978-0-582-50601-5. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Williams, Garner F (1905). The Diamond Mines of South Africa, Vol II. New York: B. F Buck & Co. pp. Chapter XX. 
^ Bond, Patrick (1999). Cities of gold, townships of coal: essays on South Africa's new urban crisis. Africa World Press. p. 140. ISBN 978-0-86543-611-4. 
^ Cape of Good Hope (South Africa). Parliament House. (1906). "Report of the Select Committee on Location Act". Cape Times Limited. Retrieved 30 July 2009. 
^ Godley, Godfrey Archibald, Welsh, William Thomson, Hemsworth, H. D (1920). "Report of the Inter-departmental committee on the native pass laws". Cape Times Limited, government printers: 2. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Great Britain Colonial Office; Transvaal (Colony). Governor (1901–1905: Milner) (January 1902). "Papers relating to legislation affecting natives in the Transvaal". His Majesty's Stationery Office. 
^ De Villiers, John Abraham Jacob (1896). The Transvaal. London: Chatto & Windus. pp. 30 (n46). Retrieved 30 July 2009. 
^  Cana, Frank Richardson (1911). "South Africa". In Chisholm, Hugh. Encyclopædia Britannica. 25 (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press. p. 467. 
^ "Native Land Act". South African Institute of Race Relations. 19 June 1913. Archived from the original on 14 October 2010. 
^ Beinart, William (2001). Twentieth-century South Africa. Oxford University Press. p. 202. ISBN 978-0-19-289318-5.
^ "Hendrik Frensch Verwoerd". South African History Online. Retrieved 9 March 2013. On 5 October 1960 a referendum was held in which White voters were asked "Do you support a republic for the Union?" — 52 percent voted 'Yes'. 
^ Gibson, Nigel; Alexander, Amanda; Mngxitama, Andile (2008). Biko Lives! Contesting the Legacies of Steve Biko. Hampshire: Palgrave Macmillan. p. 138. ISBN 978-0230606494. 
^ Switzer, Les (2000). South Africa's Resistance Press: Alternative Voices in the Last Generation Under Apartheid. Issue 74 of Research in international studies: Africa series. Ohio University Press. p. 2. ISBN 9780896802131. 
^ Mitchell, Thomas (2008). Native vs Settler: Ethnic Conflict in Israel/Palestine, Northern Ireland and South Africa. Westport: Greenwood Publishing Group. pp. 194–196. ISBN 978-0313313578. 
^ Bridgland, Fred (1990). The War for Africa: Twelve months that transformed a continent. Gibraltar: Ashanti Publishing. p. 32. ISBN 978-1-874800-12-5. 
^ Landgren, Signe. Embargo Disimplemented: South Africa's Military Industry (1989 ed.). Oxford University Press. pp. 6–10. ISBN 978-0-19-829127-5. 
^ "South Africa Profile". Nti.org. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ John Pike. "Nuclear Weapons Program (South Africa)". Globalsecurity.org. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ a b c "Post-Apartheid South Africa: the First Ten Years – Unemployment and the Labor Market" (PDF). IMF. 
^ "Zuma surprised at level of white poverty — Mail & Guardian Online: The smart news source". Mail & Guardian. 18 April 2008. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ "South Africa". Human Development Report. United Nations Development Programme. 2006. Archived from the original on 29 November 2007. Retrieved 28 November 2007. 
^ "Ridicule succeeds where leadership failed on AIDS". South African Institute of Race Relations. 10 November 2006. Archived from the original on 24 May 2016. 
^ a b "Broke-on-Broke Violence". Retrieved 6 July 2011. 
^ "COHRE statement on Xenophobic Attacks". Retrieved 6 July 2011. 
^ Southern African Migration Project; Institute for Democracy in South Africa; Queen's University (2008). Jonathan Crush, ed. The perfect storm: the realities of xenophobia in contemporary South Africa (PDF). Idasa. p. 1. ISBN 978-1-920118-71-6. Archived from the original (PDF) on 30 July 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ a b c d United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. "UNHCR Global Appeal 2011 – South Africa". UNHCR. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Country Comparison". World Factbook. CIA. 
^ McCarthy, T. & Rubidge, B. (2005). The story of earth and life. p. 263, 267-268. Struik Publishers, Cape Town.
^ a b c d Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 13. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ Encyclopædia Britannica (1975); Micropaedia Vol. III, p. 655. Helen Hemingway Benton Publishers, Chicago.
^ Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 186. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ "Kruger National Park". Africa.com. Archived from the original on 18 December 2014. Retrieved 16 December 2014. 
^ Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 151. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ McCarthy, T. & Rubidge, B. (2005). The story of earth and life. p. 194. Struik Publishers, Cape Town.
^ a b Geological map of South Africa, Lesotho and Swaziland (1970). Council for Geoscience, Geological Survey of South Africa.
^ Encyclopædia Britannica (1975); Micropaedia Vol. VI, p. 750. Helen Hemingway Benton Publishers, Chicago.
^ a b Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 19. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 113. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ "South Africa's geography — SouthAfrica.info". Safrica.info. Archived from the original on 8 June 2010. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ South Africa yearbook. South African Communication Service. 1997. p. 3. 
^ "List of Parties". Retrieved 8 December 2012. 
^ a b "South Africa's National Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plan" (PDF). Retrieved 10 December 2012. 
^ "Biodiversity of the world by countries". Institutoaqualung.com.br. Archived from the original on 1 November 2010. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ Rong, I. H.; Baxter, A. P. (2006). "The South African National Collection of Fungi: Celebrating a centenary 1905-2005". Studies in Mycology. 55: 1–12. PMC 2104721 . PMID 18490968. doi:10.3114/sim.55.1.1. 
^ Crous, P. W.; Rong, I. H.; Wood, A.; Lee, S.; Glen, H.; Botha, W. l; Slippers, B.; De Beer, W. Z.; Wingfield, M. J.; Hawksworth, D. L. (2006). "How many species of fungi are there at the tip of Africa?". Studies in Mycology. 55: 13–33. PMC 2104731 . PMID 18490969. doi:10.3114/sim.55.1.13. 
^ Marincowitz, S.; Crous, P.W.; Groenewald J.Z. & Wingfield, M.J. (2008). "Microfungi occurring on Proteaceae in the fynbos. CBS Biodiversity Series 7." (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 29 July 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Marco Lambertini. "The Flora / The Richest Botany in the World". A Anturalist's Guide to the Tropics (Revised edition (May 15, 2000) ed.). University Of Chicago Press. p. 46. ISBN 978-0226468280.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Plants and Vegetation in South Africa". Southafrica-travel.net. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ Environmental Affairs (22 January 2015). "Progress in the war against poaching". Environmental Affairs. South Africa. Retrieved 22 January 2015. 
^ "South African National Biodiversity Institute". Sanbi.org. 30 September 2011. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Term Limits in Africa". The Economist. 6 April 2006. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Chapter 4 – Parliament". 19 August 2009. Archived from the original on 30 May 2013. Retrieved 3 August 2013. 
^ Abahlali baseMjondolo. "Mercury: Rethinking the crisis of local democracy". Abahlali.org. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ J. Duncan (31 May 2010). "The Return of State Repression". South African Civil Society Information Services. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Increasing police repression highlighted by recent case". Freedom of Expression Institute. 2006. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Imraan Buccus (2011). "Political tolerance on the wane in South Africa". SA Reconciliation Barometer. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "South Africa's recent performance in the Ibrahim Index of African Governance". Mo Ibrahim Foundation. Archived from the original on 18 February 2013. Retrieved 16 February 2013. 
^ "SA marriage law signed". BBC News. 30 November 2006. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Pamela Snyman & Amanda Barratt (2 October 2002). "Researching South African Law". w/ Library Resource Xchange. Archived from the original on 17 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ "How dangerous is South Africa?". BBC News. 17 May 2010. 
^ http://mg.co.za/article/2014-09-22-factsheet-south-africas-official-crime-stats-unpacked/
^ K Landman. "Gated communities in South Africa: Comparison of four case studies in Gauteng" (PDF). Wits University. Retrieved 5 March 2013. [permanent dead link]
^ "South Africa has world's largest private security industry; needs regulation – Mthethwa". DefenceWeb. Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ "Bigger than the army: South Africa's private security forces". CNN. 8 February 2013. Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ "Afrikaner Farmers Migrating to Georgia". VOA. 14 September 2011. Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ Adriana Stuijt (17 February 2009). "Two more S. African farmers killed: death toll now at 3,037". Digital Journal. Archived from the original on 20 May 2011. Retrieved 24 May 2011. 
^ "SOUTH AFRICA: One in four men rape". IRIN. 18 June 2009. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "South Africa's corrective rape". Time. 8 March 2011. Retrieved 12 July 2011. 
^ "South African rape survey shock". BBC News. 18 June 2009. Retrieved 23 May 2010. 
^ "South Africa's rape shock". BBC News. 19 January 1999. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ a b "Child rape in South Africa". Medscape. Retrieved 31 December 2010. 
^ Perry, Alex (5 November 2007). "Oprah scandal rocks South Africa". Time. Retrieved 15 May 2011. 
^ Rosalind Rosenberg (Summer 2001). "Virginia Gildersleeve: Opening the Gates (Living Legacies)". Columbia Magazine. 
^ Schlesinger, Stephen E. (2004). Act of Creation: The Founding of the United Nations: A Story of Superpowers, Secret Agents, Wartime Allies and Enemies, and Their Quest for a Peaceful World. Cambridge, Massachusetts: Westview, Perseus Books Group. pp. 236–7. ISBN 0-8133-3275-3. 
^ "China, South Africa upgrade relations to "comprehensive strategic partnership"". Capetown.china-consulate.org. 25 August 2010. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "New era as South Africa joins BRICS". Southafrica.info. 11 April 2011. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "SA brings 'unique attributes' to BRICS". Southafrica.info. 14 April 2011. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ a b "Constitution of the Republic of South Africa Act 200 of 1993 (Section 224)". South African Government. 1993. Archived from the original on 12 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ Col L B van Stade, Senior Staff Officer Rationalisation, SANDF (1997). "Rationalisation in the SANDF: The Next Challenge". Institute for Security Studies. Archived from the original on 16 March 2016. Retrieved 23 June 2008. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "Defence Act 42 of 2002" (PDF). South African Government. 12 February 2003. p. 18. Archived from the original (PDF) on 24 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ a b c Mosiuoa Lekota (5 September 2005). "Address by the Minister of Defence at a media breakfast at Defence Headquarters, Pretoria". Department of Defence. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ a b Lieutenant Colonel Roy E. Horton III (BS, Electrical Engineering; MS, Strategic Intelligence) (October 1999). "Out of (South) Africa: Pretoria's Nuclear Weapons Experience". USAF Institute for National Security Studies. Retrieved 23 June 2008. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ a b c Educational Foundation for Nuclear Science, Inc. (May 1993). "South Africa comes clean". Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists. Educational Foundation for Nuclear Science, Inc. pp. 3–4. ISSN 0096-3402. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Christine Dodson (22 October 1979). "South Atlantic Nuclear Event (National Security Council, Memorandum)" (PDF). George Washington University under Freedom of Information Act Request. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ Stats in Brief, 2010 (PDF). Pretoria: Statistics South Africa. 2010. p. 3. ISBN 978-0-621-39563-1. 
^ "Inequality in income or expenditure / Gini index, Human Development Report 2007/08". Hdrstats.undp.org. 4 November 2010. Archived from the original on 16 January 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Distribution of family income – Gini index". Cia.gov. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "South Africa has highest gap between rich and poor". Business Report. 28 September 2009. Archived from the original on 23 October 2011. Retrieved 7 November 2010. 
^ "South Africa's economy: How it could do even better.". The Economist. 22 July 2010. Retrieved 17 October 2011. 
^ "DEPWeb: Beyond Economic Growth". The World Bank Group. Retrieved 17 October 2011. 
^ a b "Economic Assessment of South Africa 2008: Achieving Accelerated and Shared Growth for South Africa". OECD. Archived from the original on 9 August 2009. 
^ "Commanding Plights." The Economist 29 August 2015: 37-38. Print.
^ "SA Economic Research – Tourism Update" (PDF). m/ Investec. October 2005. Archived from the original (PDF) on 24 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ Solomon, Hussein (1996). "Strategic Perspectives on Illegal Immigration into South Africa". African Security Review. 5 (4): 3. doi:10.1080/10246029.1996.9627681. Archived from the original on 19 October 2005. 
^ Mattes, Robert; Crush, Jonathan & Richmond, Wayne. "The Brain Gain: Skilled Migrants and Immigration Policy in Post-Apartheid South Africa". Southern African Migration Project, Queens College, Canada. Archived from the original on 25 November 2005. 
^ a b "South Africa". The World Factbook. CIA. 
^ Unequal protection the state response to violent crime on South African farms. Human Rights Watch. 2001. ISBN 1-56432-263-7. 
^ Mohamed, Najma (2000). "Greening Land and Agrarian Reform: A Case for Sustainable Agriculture". In Ben Cousins. At the Crossroads: Land and Agrarian Reform in South Africa Into the 21st Century. Programme for Land and Agrarian Studies (PLAAS). ISBN 978-1-86808-467-8. 
^ "African Countries of the Future 2013/14". fDiIntelligence.com. Retrieved 4 December 2013. 
^ Neva Makgetla (31 March 2010). "Inequality on scale found in SA bites like acid". Business Day. South Africa. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Black middle class boosts car sales in South Africa – Business – Mail & Guardian Online". Mail & Guardian. 15 January 2006. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Economic Assessment of South Africa 2008". OECD. Archived from the original on 23 April 2009. 
^ Collier, P. (3 December 2004). "World Bank, IMF study 2004". Journal of African Economies. Jae.oxfordjournals.org. 13: ii15. doi:10.1093/jae/ejh042. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ "Health Personnel in Southern Africa: Confronting maldistribution and brain drain" (PDF). Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ Haroon Bhorat; et al. (2002). "Skilled Labour Migration from Developing Countries: Study on South and Southern Africa" (PDF). International Labour Office. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "South Africa's brain-drain generation returning home". CNN World. 22 April 2009. Archived from the original on 16 December 2010. Retrieved 4 June 2011. 
^ "South Africa's brain drain reversing". Times Live. Retrieved 4 June 2011. 
^ "Graduates confident about SA". Times Live. Retrieved 4 June 2011. 
^ "SKA announces Founding Board and selects Jodrell Bank Observatory to host Project Office". SKA 2011. 2 April 2011. Retrieved 14 April 2011. 
^ "Africa and Australasia to share Square Kilometre Array". BBC. 25 May 2012. 
^ a b WHO/UNICEF:Joint Monitoring Programme for Water Supply and Sanitation:Data table South Africa Archived 9 February 2014 at the Wayback Machine., 2010. Retrieved 3 November 2012
^ ""Most progressive water utility in Africa" wins 2014Stockholm Industry Water Award". Stockholm International Water Institute (SIWI). Retrieved 8 June 2014. 
^ "Anti-immigrant violence spreads in South Africa, with attacks reported in Cape Town – The New York Times". International Herald Tribune. 23 May 2008. Archived from the original on 21 February 2009. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Escape From Mugabe: Zimbabwe's Exodus". Archived from the original on 24 January 2016. 
^ "More illegals set to flood SA". Fin24. Archived from the original on 14 February 2009. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "South African mob kills migrants". BBC. 12 May 2008. Retrieved 19 May 2008. 
^ Barry Bearak (23 May 2008). "Immigrants Fleeing Fury of South African Mobs". The New York Times. Retrieved 5 August 2008. 
^ Lehohla, Pali (5 May 2005). "Debate over race and censuses not peculiar to SA". Business Report. Archived from the original on 14 August 2007. Retrieved 25 August 2013. Others pointed out that the repeal of the Population Registration Act in 1991 removed any legal basis for specifying "race". The Identification Act of 1997 makes no mention of race. On the other hand, the Employment Equity Act speaks of "designated groups" being "black people, women and people with disabilities". The Act defines "Black" as referring to "Africans, coloureds and Indians". Apartheid and the racial identification which underpinned it explicitly linked race with differential access to resources and power. If the post-apartheid order was committed to remedying this, race would have to be included in surveys and censuses, so that progress in eradicating the consequences of apartheid could be measured and monitored. This was the reasoning that led to a "self-identifying" question about "race" or "population group" in both the 1996 and 2001 censuses, and in Statistics SA's household survey programme. 
^ Study Commission on U.S. Policy toward Southern Africa (U.S.) (1981). South Africa: time running out: the report of the Study Commission on U.S. Policy Toward Southern Africa. University of California Press. p. 42. ISBN 0-520-04547-5. 
^ a b c "World Refugee Survey 2008". U.S. Committee for Refugees and Immigrants. 19 June 2008. Archived from the original on 19 October 2014. 
^ "Constitution of South Africa, Chapter 1, Section 6". Fs.gov.za. Archived from the original on 13 November 2012. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ a b Census 2011: Census in brief (PDF). Pretoria: Statistics South Africa. 2012. pp. 23–25. ISBN 9780621413885. [permanent dead link]
^ "The languages of South Africa". SouthAfrica.info. 4 February 1997. Retrieved 7 November 2010. 
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ a b "South Africa – Section I. Religious Demography". U.S. Department of State. Retrieved 15 July 2006. 
^ Wessel Bentley; Dion Angus Forster (2008). "God's mission in our context, healing and transforming responses". Methodism in Southern Africa: A Celebration of Wesleyan Mission. AcadSA. pp. 97–98. ISBN 978-1-920212-29-2. 
^ van Wyk, Ben-Erik and van Oudtshoorn, Gericke N (1999). Medicinal Plants of South Africa. Pretoria: Briza Publications. p. 10. ISBN 978-1-875093-37-3. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "South Africa". State.gov. 15 September 2006. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ a b "In South Africa, many blacks convert to Islam / The Christian Science Monitor". The Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Muslims say their faith growing fast in Africa". Religionnewsblog.com. Retrieved 7 November 2010. 
^ Rebecca Weiner, Rebecca Weiner, ed. (2010), South African Jewish History and Information (PDF), Jewish Virtual Library, retrieved 13 August 2010 
^ "Black middle class explodes". FIN24. 22 May 2007. Archived from the original on 22 August 2007. 
^ "History of Scouting in South Africa". History of Scouting in South Africa. South African Scout Association. 2006. Retrieved 30 November 2006. 
^ Radford, Tim (16 April 2004). "World's Oldest Jewellery Found in Cave". London: Buzzle.com. Retrieved 16 April 2011. 
^ "The Nobel Prize in Literature: John Maxwell Coetzee". Swedish Academy. 2 October 2003. Retrieved 2 August 2009. 
^ "South African music after Apartheid: kwaito, the "party politic," and the appropriation of gold as a sign of success". Archived from the original on 13 June 2013. 
^ "South African Wine Guide: Stellenbosch, Constantia, Walker Bay and more". Thewinedoctor.com. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Sport in South Africa". SouthAfrica.info. Retrieved 28 June 2010. 
^ Cooper, Billy (12 July 2010). "South Africa gets 9/10 for World Cup". Mail & Guardian. Archived from the original on 15 July 2010. Retrieved 9 September 2010. 
^ "National adult literacy rates (15+), youth literacy rates (15–24) and elderly literacy rates (65+)". UNESCO Institute for Statistics. 
^ a b "A parent's guide to schooling". Retrieved 31 August 2010. 
^ "Education in South Africa". SouthAfrica.info. Archived from the original on 17 June 2010. Retrieved 20 June 2010. 
^ "Bantu Education". Overcoming Apartheid. Retrieved 20 June 2010. 
^ Cele, S'thembile; Masondo, Sipho (18 January 2015). "Shocking cost of SA’s universities". fin24.com. City Press. Retrieved 19 January 2015. 
^ "Human Development Report 2009 – South Africa". Hdrstats.undp.org. Archived from the original on 15 April 2010. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ Peoples Budget Coalition Comments on the 2011/12 Budget Archived 16 May 2012 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b "‘Clinic-in-a-Box’ seeks to improve South African healthcare". SmartPlanet. Archived from the original on 30 July 2013. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ "What does the demand for healthcare look like in SA?" (PDF). Mediclinic Southern Africa. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2 October 2013. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ a b c "Motsoaledi to reform private health care". Financial Mail. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ "South Africa". ICAP at Columbia University. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ http://www.therichest.com/rich-list/nation/the-biggest-hospitals-in-the-world/
^ "HIV and AIDS estimates (2015)". 
^ "South Africa HIV & AIDS Statistics". AVERT.org. Retrieved 6 May 2013. 
^ a b "AIDS orphans". Avert. Retrieved 8 October 2006. 
^ "Sack SA Health Minister – world's AIDS experts". afrol News. Retrieved 8 October 2006. 
^ "Situation Analysis. HIV & AIDS and STI Strategic Plan 2007–2011" (PDF). info.gov.za. Archived from the original (PDF) on 30 May 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Zuma announces AIDS reforms". UNPAN. Retrieved 9 March 2010. 


Further reading


A History of South Africa, Third Edition. Leonard Thompson. Yale University Press. 1 March 2001. 384 pages. ISBN 0-300-08776-4.
Economic Analysis and Policy Formulation for Post-Apartheid South Africa: Mission Report, Aug. 1991. International Development Research Centre. IDRC Canada, 1991. vi, 46 p. Without ISBN
Emerging Johannesburg: Perspectives on the Postapartheid City. Richard Tomlinson, et al. 1 January 2003. 336 pages. ISBN 0-415-93559-8.
Making of Modern South Africa: Conquest, Segregation and Apartheid. Nigel Worden. 1 July 2000. 194 pages. ISBN 0-631-21661-8.
South Africa: A Narrative History. Frank Welsh. Kodansha America. 1 February 1999. 606 pages. ISBN 1-56836-258-7.
South Africa in Contemporary Times. Godfrey Mwakikagile. New Africa Press. February 2008. 260 pages. ISBN 978-0-9802587-3-8.
The Atlas of Changing South Africa. A. J. Christopher. 1 October 2000. 216 pages. ISBN 0-415-21178-6.
The Politics of the New South Africa. Heather Deegan. 28 December 2000. 256 pages. ISBN 0-582-38227-0.
Twentieth-Century South Africa. William Beinart Oxford University Press 2001, 414 pages, ISBN 0-19-289318-1


External links



Wikimedia Commons has media related to South Africa.





Wikivoyage has a travel guide for South Africa.



Find more aboutSouth Africaat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Travel guide from Wikivoyage
Learning resources from Wikiversity



Government of South Africa
"South Africa". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. 
South Africa from UCB Libraries GovPubs
South Africa from the BBC News
 Wikimedia Atlas of South Africa







v
t
e


South Africa articles



History





Timeline
(years)




Early history
Cape Colony
Orange Free State
Transvaal
First Boer War
Second Boer War
Great Depression
World War II
Apartheid
Border War
Since 1994





By topic



Economic
Military








Geography







Districts
Earthquakes
Estuaries
Forests
Islands
Lakes
Mountain ranges
Municipalities
National parks
Populated places
Provinces
Rivers
Wildlife








Politics











Constitution
Courts
Elections
Foreign relations
Government
Human rights
Law
Parliament
Political parties
President






State security
and intelligence




Minister
Co-ordinating committee (NICC)
Intelligence agency (NIA)
Communications centre (NCC)
Communications security (COMSEC)
Secret Service (SASS)
Intelligence academy (SANAI)





Law enforcement



Department of Police
Police Service

Criminal intelligence (SAPS)
Special Task Force
National Intervention Unit
NFDD


Municipal Police
Independent Complaints Directorate
Department of Correctional Services
Biometrics use








Military



Department of Defence
Defence Force
Air Force
Army
Navy
Military Health Service
Special Forces
Commando System
Intelligence








Economy







Agriculture
Communications
Economic history
Energy
Foreign trade
Mining industry
Rand (currency)
Stock exchange
Taxation
Tourism
Trade unions
Transportation
Water and sanitation








Society







Crime
Education
Feminism
Health
Healthcare
Immigration
Intersex
Languages
LGBT
Racism
Religion
Sexual violence
Social movements
Xenophobia





Culture



Architecture
Art
Cinema
Cuisine
Flag
HIV/AIDS
Homelessness
Literature
Media
Music
Public holidays
Sports





Demographics



Asian

Indian
Chinese


Bantu

Ndebele
Pedi
Sotho
Swazi
Tsonga
Tswana
Venda
Xhosa
Zulu


Coloured

Cape Coloured
Cape Malay
Griqua


Khoisan
White

Afrikaner
British














Outline
Index



Category
Portal












v
t
e


Countries and territories of Africa



Sovereign states




entirely
in Africa



Algeria
Angola
Benin
Botswana
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Comoros
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Republic of the Congo
Djibouti
Egypt
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Ethiopia
Gabon
The Gambia
Ghana
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Ivory Coast (Côte d'Ivoire)
Kenya
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Madagascar
Malawi
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Niger
Nigeria
Rwanda
São Tomé and Príncipe
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Somalia
South Africa
South Sudan
Sudan
Swaziland
Tanzania
Togo
Tunisia
Uganda
Zambia
Zimbabwe





partly
in Africa



France

Mayotte
Réunion


Italy

Pantelleria
Pelagie Islands


Portugal

Madeira


Spain

Canary Islands
Ceuta
Melilla
Plazas de soberanía


Yemen

Socotra














Territories and
dependencies




Îles Éparses

France


Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha

UK


Southern Provinces (Western Sahara)1






States with limited
recognition




Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic
Somaliland






1 Unclear sovereignty.








Links to related articles











v
t
e


Group of Eight (G8) and Group of Eight + Five (G8+5)



G8 members



 Canada
 France
 Germany
 Italy
 Japan
 Russia
 United Kingdom
 United States





Representative



 European Union





G8+5



 Brazil
 China
 India
 Mexico
 South Africa





See also



Group of Six
Group of Seven
G7+1












v
t
e


G20 major economies






 Argentina
 Australia
 Brazil
 Canada
 China
 European Union
 France
 Germany
 India
 Indonesia
 Italy
 Japan
 Mexico
 Russia
 Saudi Arabia
 South Africa
 Republic of Korea
 Turkey
 United Kingdom
 United States












v
t
e


BRICS



Membership



 Brazil
 Russia
 India
 China
 South Africa





Summits



Yekaterinburg 2009
Brasília 2010
Sanya 2011
New Delhi 2012
Durban 2013
Fortaleza 2014
Ufa 2015
Goa 2016
Xiamen 2017





Bilateral relations



Brazil–China
Brazil–India
Brazil–Russia
Brazil–South Africa
China–India
China–Russia
China–South Africa
India–Russia
India–South Africa
Russia–South Africa





Leaders



 Temer
 Putin
 Modi
 Xi
 Zuma





Related



New Development Bank
BRICS Contingent Reserve Arrangement
BRICS Leaders
BRICS Cable
BRICS Universities League





BRICS U-17 Football Cup



2016 Goa












v
t
e


World Trade Organization



System



Accession and membership
Appellate Body
Dispute Settlement Body
International Trade Centre
Chronology of key events





Issues



Criticism
Doha Development Round
Singapore issues
Quota Elimination
Peace Clause





Agreements



General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
Agriculture
Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures
Technical Barriers to Trade
Trade Related Investment Measures
Trade in Services
Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights
Government Procurement
Information Technology
Marrakech Agreement
Doha Declaration
Bali Package





Ministerial
Conferences



1st (1996)
2nd (1998)
3rd (1999)
4th (2001)
5th (2003)
6th (2005)
7th (2009)
8th (2011)
9th (2013)
10th (2015)





People



Roberto Azevêdo (Director-General)
Pascal Lamy (former Director-General)
Supachai Panitchpakdi (former Director-General)
Deputy Directors-General:

Yonov Frederick Agah
Karl Brauner
David Shark
Yi Xiaozhun

former: Alejandro Jara
Valentine Rugwabiza
Harsha Singh
Rufus Yerxa









Members



Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
Angola
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belize
Benin
Bolivia
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Republic of the Congo
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Cuba
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
European Union¹
Fiji
Gabon
The Gambia
Georgia
Ghana
Grenada
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong²
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Israel
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
South Korea
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Lesotho
Liberia
Liechtenstein
Macau²
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Moldova
Mongolia
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nepal
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Qatar
Russia
Rwanda
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Suriname
Swaziland
Switzerland
Tajikistan
Taiwan³
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe


1. All twenty-eight member states of the European Union are also members of the WTO in their own right:

Austria
Belgium
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malta
Netherlands
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom


2. Special administrative regions of the People's Republic of China, participates as "Hong Kong, China" and "Macao China".
3. Officially the Republic of China, participates as "Separate Customs Territory of Taiwan, Penghu, Kinmen and Matsu", and "Chinese Taipei" in short.











v
t
e


Southern African Development Community (SADC)



Member states



Angola
Botswana
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Lesotho
Madagascar
Malawi
Mauritius
Mozambique
Namibia
Seychelles
South Africa
Swaziland
Tanzania
Zambia
Zimbabwe





Leaders




Chairpersons



Levy Mwanawasa
Kgalema Motlanthe





Secretaries-General



Kaire Mbuende
Prega Ramsamy
Tomaz Salomão








See also



Southern African Development Coordination Conference (forerunner)
Southern African Customs Union (SACU)
Common Monetary Area (CMA)
Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA)












v
t
e


African Union (AU)



History







Pan-Africanism
Casablanca Group
Monrovia Group
Abuja Treaty
Sirte Declaration
Lome Summit





Organisation of African Unity



Chairperson
Secretary General











Geography



Borders
Extreme points
Member states
Regions





Organs







Executive Council
Permanent Representatives' Committee
Specialized Technical Committees





Assembly



Chairperson





Commission



Chairperson
Deputy Chairperson
AUCC





Pan-African Parliament



Bureau
Secretariat
Gallagher Estate





African Court of Justice



African Court on Human and Peoples' Rights





ECOSOCC Committees



Peace and Security
Political Affairs
Infrastructure and Energy
Social Affairs and Health
HR, Sciences and Technology
Trade and Industry
Rural Economy and Agriculture
Economic Affairs
Women and Gender
Cross-Cutting Programs





Financial Institutions



African Central Bank
African Monetary Fund
African Investment Bank





Peace and Security Council



ACIRC
African Standby Force
Panel of the Wise
UNAMID
AMIB
AMIS
AMISOM
MISCA








Politics







APRM
Foreign relations
African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights
African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights
Enlargement





Symbols



Anthem
Emblem
Flag








Economy



Currencies
Development Bank
African Economic Community
NEPAD
African Free Trade Zone
Tripartite Free Trade Area





Culture



Africa Day
Languages





Theory



Afro
United States of Africa
United States of Latin Africa








 Category












v
t
e


Countries and territories bordering the Indian Ocean



Africa



Comoros
Djibouti
Egypt
Eritrea
France

Mayotte
Réunion


Kenya
Madagascar
Mauritius
Mozambique
Rodrigues (Mauritius)
Seychelles
Somalia
South Africa
Sudan
Tanzania
Zanzibar, Tanzania








Asia



Bahrain
Bangladesh
British Indian Ocean Territory

Chagos Archipelago - United Kingdom


Christmas Island (Australia)
Cocos (Keeling) Islands (Australia)
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Israel
Jordan
Kuwait
Malaysia
Maldives
Myanmar
Oman
Pakistan
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Sri Lanka
Thailand
Timor-Leste
United Arab Emirates
Yemen





Other



Antarctica

Australian Antarctic Territory
French Southern and Antarctic Lands
Heard Island and McDonald Islands


Australia












v
t
e


Peri-Antarctic countries and overseas territories






Argentina
Australia

Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Macquarie Island


Bouvet Island
Chile
Falkland Islands
French Southern and Antarctic Lands

Kerguelen Islands


New Zealand

New Zealand Subantarctic Islands


South Africa

Prince Edward Islands


South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands









"Peri-Antarctic" (meaning "close to the Antarctic") does not include territorial claims in Antarctica itself.










v
t
e


Members of the Commonwealth of Nations



Sovereign states
(Members)



Antigua and Barbuda
Australia
Bahamas
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belize
Botswana
Brunei
Cameroon
Canada
Cyprus
Dominica
Fiji
Ghana
Grenada
Guyana
India
Jamaica
Kenya
Kiribati
Lesotho
Malawi
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mozambique
Namibia
Nauru
New Zealand
Nigeria
Pakistan
Papua New Guinea
Rwanda
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Swaziland
Tanzania
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tuvalu
Uganda
United Kingdom
Vanuatu
Zambia





Dependencies
of Members




Australia



Ashmore and Cartier Islands
Australian Antarctic Territory
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Coral Sea Islands
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Norfolk Island





New Zealand



Cook Islands
Niue
Ross Dependency
Tokelau





United Kingdom



Akrotiri and Dhekelia
Anguilla
Bermuda
British Antarctic Territory
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Cayman Islands
Falkland Islands
Gibraltar
Guernsey
Isle of Man
Jersey
Montserrat
Pitcairn Islands
St. Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Turks and Caicos Islands









Source: Commonwealth Secretariat - Member States










v
t
e


English-speaking world






Click on a coloured area to see an article about English in that country or region






































































Further links







Articles



English-speaking world
History of the English language
British Empire
English in the Commonwealth of Nations





Lists



List of countries by English-speaking population
List of countries where English is an official language









 







Countries and territories where English is the national language or the native language of the majority





Africa



Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha





Americas



Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
The Bahamas
Barbados
Belize
Bermuda
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Dominica
Falkland Islands
Grenada
Guyana
Jamaica
Montserrat
Saba
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Sint Eustatius
Sint Maarten
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Trinidad and Tobago
Turks and Caicos Islands
United States
United States Virgin Islands





Europe



Guernsey
Ireland
Isle of Man
Jersey
United Kingdom





Oceania



Australia
New Zealand
Norfolk Island
Pitcairn Islands








 







Countries and territories where English is an official language, but not the majority first language





Africa



Botswana
Cameroon
The Gambia
Ghana
Kenya
Lesotho
Liberia
Malawi
Mauritius
Namibia
Nigeria
Rwanda
Sierra Leone
Somaliland
South Africa
South Sudan
Sudan
Swaziland
Tanzania
Uganda
Zambia
Zimbabwe





Americas



Puerto Rico





Asia



Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
India
Pakistan
Philippines
Singapore





Europe



Gibraltar
Malta





Oceania



American Samoa
Cook Islands
Fiji
Guam
Kiribati
Marshall Islands
Micronesia
Nauru
Niue
Northern Mariana Islands
Palau
Papua New Guinea
Samoa
Solomon Islands
Tokelau
Tuvalu
Vanuatu












Dependencies shown in italics.















Coordinates: 30°S 25°E﻿ / ﻿30°S 25°E﻿ / -30; 25



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 159069376
LCCN: n79023005
ISNI: 0000 0001 2167 3042
GND: 4078012-0
SUDOC: 028016009
BNF: cb11993638s (data)
NLA: 35513495
NDL: 00567657










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=South_Africa&oldid=792672918"					
Categories: South AfricaSouthern African countriesEnglish-speaking countries and territoriesG20 nationsLiberal democraciesMember states of the African UnionMember states of the Commonwealth of NationsMember states of the United NationsStates and territories established in 1910Commonwealth republicsAfrikaans-speaking countries and territoriesBantu countries and territoriesBRICS nationsCountries in AfricaHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksCS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listWikipedia articles incorporating a citation from the 1911 Encyclopaedia Britannica with Wikisource referencePages using citations with accessdate and no URLArticles with dead external links from June 2017Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia pages semi-protected against vandalismWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesUse dmy dates from March 2017Use South African English from September 2013All Wikipedia articles written in South African EnglishArticles containing Afrikaans-language textArticles containing non-English-language textArticles containing Sotho-language textArticles containing Southern Ndebele-language textArticles containing Swati-language textArticles containing Tsonga-language textArticles containing Tswana-language textArticles containing Venda-language textArticles containing Xhosa-language textArticles containing Zulu-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2013All articles with failed verificationArticles with failed verification from October 2011Wikipedia articles needing clarification from October 2011Pages using columns with the default column widthArticles with unsourced statements from May 2010Use South African English from July 2013Coordinates on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikinewsWikiquoteWikivoyage 



Languages


AcèhАдыгэбзэАдыгабзэAfrikaansAkanAlemannischአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةAragonésArpetanAsturianuAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaتۆرکجهBamanankanবাংলাBahasa BanjarBân-lâm-gúБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎भोजपुरीBikol CentralБългарскиBoarischབོད་ཡིགBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàЧӑвашлаCebuanoČeštinaChi-ChewaChiShonaCymraegDanskDeitschDeutschދިވެހިބަސްDiné bizaadDolnoserbskiཇོང་ཁEestiΕλληνικάEmiliàn e rumagnòlEspañolEsperantoEstremeñuEuskaraEʋegbeفارسیFiji HindiFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGagauzGàidhligGalego贛語Gĩkũyũગુજરાતીगोंयची कोंकणी / Gõychi Konknni客家語/Hak-kâ-ngîХальмг한국어HausaՀայերենहिन्दीHornjoserbsceHrvatskiIdoIgboIlokanoবিষ্ণুপ্রিয়া মণিপুরীBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueИронIsiXhosaIsiZuluÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡKapampanganКъарачай-малкъарქართულიकॉशुर / کٲشُرҚазақшаKernowekKinyarwandaKiswahiliКомиKongoKreyòl ayisyenKurdîКыргызчаLadinoЛезгиلۊری شومالیLatgaļuLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLimburgsLingálaLivvinkarjalaLa .lojban.LugandaLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMaltiMāoriमराठीმარგალურიمصرىمازِرونیBahasa MelayuBaso MinangkabauMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄MirandésМокшеньМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNāhuatlDorerin NaoeroNederlandsNedersaksiesनेपालीनेपाल भाषा日本語НохчийнNordfriiskNorfuk / PitkernNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskNouormandNovialOccitanଓଡ଼ିଆOromooOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀपालिپنجابیPapiamentuپښتوPatoisភាសាខ្មែរPiemontèisTok PisinPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsQaraqalpaqshaQırımtatarcaReo tahitiRipoarischRomânăRumantschRuna SimiРусиньскыйРусскийСаха тылаSámegiellaसंस्कृतम्SängöSarduScotsSeelterskSesothoSesotho sa LeboaSetswanaShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishسنڌيSiSwatiSlovenčinaSlovenščinaŚlůnskiSoomaaligaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitTarandíneТатарча/tatarçaతెలుగుไทยትግርኛТоҷикӣTsetsêhestâheseTshivendaತುಳುTürkçeTürkmençeУкраїнськаاردوئۇيغۇرچە / UyghurcheVahcuenghVènetoVepsän kel’Tiếng ViệtVolapükVõroWalon文言West-VlamsWinarayWolof吴语XitsongaייִדישYorùbá粵語ZazakiZeêuwsŽemaitėška中文डोटेलीKabɩyɛ 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 27 July 2017, at 22:30.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      









Welcome to the official South African government online site! | South African Government


























Skip to main content

   HomeAboutAbout SAContact directoryFAQsGovernment systemGovernment vacanciesKey issuesGovernment programmesGovernment leadersNational OrdersLinksNewsroomLatest/what's newCabinet statementsMedia advisoriesMedia statementsSpeechesParliamentary Q&AEventsState of the Nation AddressBudget speechesAudio filesServicesServices for residentsBirthParentingHealthSocial benefitsEducation and trainingRelationshipsWorld of workA place to liveTV and postal servicesDrivingTravel outside SACitizenshipInformation from governmentDealing with the lawRetirement and old ageEnd of lifeServices for organisationsRegister business or organisationChange registrationBusiness incentivesDeregister businessTaxIntellectual propertyImportExport permitsPermits licences and rightsCommunicationTransportLabourServices for foreign nationalsTemporary residencePermanent residenceDrivingDocumentsLatest/what's newTendersActsConstitution of SABillsDraft billsNoticesTenders awardedWhite papersGreen papersAnnual reportsOther documentsDocuments for public commentStatistical documentsParliamentary documents Search          Search the site                Gauteng holds public memorial service for the late Mr Ronnie Mamoepa, 27 July...  read more...    Government holds memorial service in honour of Ronnie Mamoepa, 26 July 2017  read more...    Government briefs media on arrangements for the memorial and funeral service of...  read more...    Make everyday a Mandela Day: Contributing 67 minutes of our time to help those...  read more...    read more...    You are hereHome » HomeWelcome to the official South African government online site! Latest information News SAPS appeals court judgment on firearm renewals  28 July 2017   Eskom CFO placed on special leave  28 July 2017   Ronnie Mamoepa, a legendary public servant   28 July 2017  View more News Speeches & Statements Minister Joe Maswanganyi: Meeting outcome between meter taxi associati...  28 July 2017   Minister Siyabonga Cwele leads South African delegation at the third B...  28 July 2017   Gauteng Provincial Government on Infrastructure Investment Conference  28 July 2017  View more speeches and statements Events Gauteng Provincial Government briefs media on arrangements for the fun...     Deputy Minister Nomaindiya Mfeketo commemmorates Nelson Mandela Month...     Deputy Minister Tandi Mahambehlala screens Kalushi film in East London...    View all Events Documents White Paper on International Migration for South Africa  28 Jul 2017   Tender bulletin 2975  28 Jul 2017   National Health Act: National Health Insurance Policy: Towards univers...  30 Jun 2017  View all Documents  In focus   RIP Ronnie Mamoepa  8 November 1960 - 22 July 2017 Former Robben Island prisoner and...  Read More     OR Tambo Centenary  South Africa will this year celebrate the centenary of the birth of...  Read More     Nelson Mandela Month 2017  1 to 31 July  Make everyday a Mandela Day: Contributing 67...  Read More   Visit our Apps page  RSS       Get e-mail updates  Services Apply for financial assistance from NSFAS  NSFAS is expected to fund more than 405 000 students this...   Online services  Some transactions with government can be completed online,...   Register as taxpayer  You must register as a taxpayer with the South African...  View All Services   About Government Government vacancies  Vacancies are advertised on the websites of national...   National departments  Websites of the national government departments and contact...   Government programmes, projects and campaigns  Government programmes on employment, economic issues, etc....  More About Government   About South Africa International relations  African Union (AU)Southern African Development Community (...   School calendar  The current and proposed school holidays for South Africa....  More About South Africa    Quick linksRadio news bulletin Listen to the latest government bulletin Vuk'uzenzeleVuk'uzenzele government newspaperOpinion pieces on current affairsRead the latest opinion pieces by governmentGovernment contactsContact details for national governmentProvincial governmentProvincial government websitesCurrent eventsEvents 28 July  Multimedia  View our YouTube channel  See our Flickr page Get in touchFacebookTwitter    









South Africa - Wikipedia




















 







South Africa

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the modern country. For other uses, see South Africa (disambiguation).





Republic of South Africa

10 other official names:[1]
Republiek van Suid-Afrika  (Afrikaans)
Repabliki ya Afrika-Borwa  (Northern Sotho)
Rephaboliki ya Afrika Borwa  (Sotho)
iRiphabliki yeSewula Afrika  (Southern Ndebele)
iRiphabhulikhi yeNingizimu Afrika  (Swati)
Riphabliki ra Afrika Dzonga  (Tsonga)
Rephaboliki ya Aforika Borwa  (Tswana)
Riphabuḽiki ya Afurika Tshipembe  (Venda)
iRiphabliki yomZantsi Afrika  (Xhosa)
iRiphabhuliki yaseNingizimu Afrika  (Zulu)










Flag



Coat of arms






Motto: "!ke e: ǀxarra ǁke" (ǀXam)
"Unity in Diversity"




Anthem: National anthem of South Africa

















Location of  South Africa  (dark blue)
in the African Union  (light blue)








Capital



Pretoria (executive)
Bloemfontein (judicial)
Cape Town (legislative)





Largest city
Johannesburg[2]


Official languages

[Note 1]

11 languages

Afrikaans
Northern Sotho
English
Southern Ndebele
Southern Sotho
Swazi
Tsonga
Tswana
Venda
Xhosa
Zulu





Ethnic groups (2014[3])



80.2% Black
8.8% Coloured
8.4% White
2.5% Asian





Religion
See Religion in South Africa


Demonym
South African


Government
Unitary parliamentary constitutional republic



• President

Jacob Zuma



• Deputy President

Cyril Ramaphosa


Legislature
Parliament



• Upper house

National Council



• Lower house

National Assembly


Independence from the United Kingdom



• Union

31 May 1910



• Self-governance

11 December 1931



• Republic

31 May 1961



• Current constitution

4 February 1997


Area



• Total

1,221,037 km2 (471,445 sq mi) (24th)



• Water (%)

negligible


Population



• 2015 estimate

54,956,900[4] (25th)



• 2011 census

51,770,560[5]:18



• Density

42.4/km2 (109.8/sq mi) (169th)


GDP (PPP)
2016 estimate



• Total

$742.461 billion[6] (30th)



• Per capita

$13,321[6] (90th)


GDP (nominal)
2016 estimate



• Total

$326.541 billion[6] (35th)



• Per capita

$5,859[6] (88th)


Gini (2009)
63.1[7]
very high


HDI (2014)
 0.666[8]
medium · 116th


Currency
South African rand (ZAR)


Time zone
SAST (UTC+2)


Drives on the
left


Calling code
+27


ISO 3166 code
ZA


Internet TLD
.za


South Africa, officially the Republic of South Africa (RSA), is the southernmost country in Africa. It is bounded on the south by 2,798 kilometres (1,739 mi) of coastline of Southern Africa stretching along the South Atlantic and Indian Oceans;[9][10][11] on the north by the neighbouring countries of Namibia, Botswana, and Zimbabwe; and on the east and northeast by Mozambique and Swaziland; and surrounds the kingdom of Lesotho.[12] South Africa is the 25th-largest country in the world by land area, and with close to 56,000,000 people, is the world's 24th-most populous nation. It is the southernmost country on the mainland of the Old World or the Eastern Hemisphere. About 80% of South Africans are of Sub-Saharan African ancestry,[5] divided among a variety of ethnic groups speaking different Bantu languages, nine of which have official status.[11] The remaining population consists of Africa's largest communities of European (white), Asian (Indian), and multiracial (coloured) ancestry.
South Africa is a multiethnic society encompassing a wide variety of cultures, languages, and religions. Its pluralistic makeup is reflected in the constitution's recognition of eleven official languages, which is among the highest number of any country in the world.[11] Two of these languages are of European origin: Afrikaans developed from Dutch and serves as the first language of most white and coloured South Africans; English reflects the legacy of British colonialism, and is commonly used in public and commercial life, though it is fourth-ranked as a spoken first language.[11] The country is one of the few in Africa never to have had a coup d'état, and regular elections have been held for almost a century. However, the vast majority of Black South Africans were not enfranchised until 1994. During the twentieth century, the Black majority sought to recover its rights from the dominant White minority, with this struggle playing a large role in the country's recent history and politics. The National Party imposed the apartheid system in 1948, institutionalising previous racial segregation. After a long and sometimes violent struggle by the African National Congress and other anti-apartheid activists both inside and outside the country, discriminatory laws began to be repealed or abolished from 1990 onwards.
Since 1994, all ethnic and linguistic groups have held political representation in the country's democracy, which comprises a parliamentary republic and nine provinces. South Africa is often referred to as the "Rainbow Nation" to describe the country's multicultural diversity, especially in the wake of apartheid.[13] The World Bank classifies South Africa as an upper-middle-income economy, and a newly industrialised country.[14][15] Its economy is the second-largest in Africa, and the 34th-largest in the world.[6] In terms of purchasing power parity, South Africa has the seventh-highest per capita income in Africa. However, poverty and inequality remain widespread, with about a quarter of the population unemployed and living on less than US$1.25 a day.[16][17] Nevertheless, South Africa has been identified as a middle power in international affairs, and maintains significant regional influence.[18][19]



Contents


1 Name
2 History

2.1 Prehistoric finds
2.2 Bantu expansion
2.3 Portuguese contacts
2.4 Dutch colonisation
2.5 British colonisation

2.5.1 Independence
2.5.2 Beginning of apartheid


2.6 Republic

2.6.1 End of apartheid




3 Geography

3.1 Climate
3.2 Biodiversity

3.2.1 Animals
3.2.2 Fungi
3.2.3 Plants


3.3 Conservation issues


4 Politics and government

4.1 Law
4.2 Foreign relations
4.3 Military
4.4 Administrative divisions


5 Economy

5.1 Labour market
5.2 Science and technology
5.3 Water supply and sanitation


6 Demographics

6.1 Languages
6.2 Urban centres
6.3 Religion


7 Culture

7.1 Arts
7.2 Popular culture
7.3 Cuisine
7.4 Sports


8 Education
9 Health

9.1 HIV/AIDS


10 See also
11 Notes
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Name
See also: Official names of South Africa
The name "South Africa" is derived from the country's geographic location at the southern tip of Africa. Upon formation the country was named the Union of South Africa in English, reflecting its origin from the unification of four formerly separate British colonies. Since 1961 the long form name in English has been the "Republic of South Africa". In Dutch the country was named Republiek van Zuid-Afrika, replaced in 1983 by the Afrikaans Republiek van Suid-Afrika. Since 1994 the Republic has had an official name in each of its 11 official languages.
Mzansi, derived from the Xhosa noun umzantsi meaning "south", is a colloquial name for South Africa,[20][21] while some Pan-Africanist political parties prefer the term "Azania".[22]
History
Main article: History of South Africa
Prehistoric finds
South Africa contains some of the oldest archaeological and human fossil sites in the world.[23][24][25] Extensive fossil remains have been recovered from a series of caves in Gauteng Province. The area is a UNESCO World Heritage site and has been termed the Cradle of Humankind. The sites include Sterkfontein, which is one of the richest hominin fossil sites in the world. Other sites include Swartkrans, Gondolin Cave Kromdraai, Coopers Cave and Malapa. The first hominin fossil discovered in Africa, the Taung Child was found near Taung in 1924. Further hominin remains have been recovered from the sites of Makapansgat in Limpopo, Cornelia and Florisbad in the Free State, Border Cave in KwaZulu-Natal, Klasies River Mouth in eastern Cape and Pinnacle Point, Elandsfontein and Die Kelders Cave in Western Cape. These sites suggest that various hominid species existed in South Africa from about three million years ago starting with Australopithecus africanus.[26] These were succeeded by various species, including Australopithecus sediba, Homo ergaster, Homo erectus, Homo rhodesiensis, Homo helmei, Homo naledi and modern humans, Homo sapiens. Modern humans have inhabited Southern Africa for at least 170,000 years.
Within the Vaal River valley, pebble tools have been located.[27]
Bantu expansion




Mapungubwe Hill, the site of the former capital of the Kingdom of Mapungubwe


Settlements of Bantu-speaking peoples, who were iron-using agriculturists and herdsmen, were already present south of the Limpopo River (now the northern border with Botswana and Zimbabwe) by the 4th or 5th century CE. (See Bantu expansion.) They displaced, conquered and absorbed the original Khoisan speakers, the Khoikhoi and San peoples. The Bantu slowly moved south. The earliest ironworks in modern-day KwaZulu-Natal Province are believed to date from around 1050. The southernmost group was the Xhosa people, whose language incorporates certain linguistic traits from the earlier Khoisan people. The Xhosa reached the Great Fish River, in today's Eastern Cape Province. As they migrated, these larger Iron Age populations displaced or assimilated earlier peoples. In Mpumalanga, several stone circles have been found along with the stone arrangement that has been named Adam's Calendar.
Portuguese contacts
At the time of European contact, the dominant ethnic group were Bantu-speaking peoples who had migrated from other parts of Africa about one thousand years before. The two major historic groups were the Xhosa and Zulu peoples.
In 1487, the Portuguese explorer Bartolomeu Dias led the first European voyage to land in southern Africa.[28] On 4 December, he landed at Walfisch Bay (now known as Walvis Bay in present-day Namibia). This was south of the furthest point reached in 1485 by his predecessor, the Portuguese navigator Diogo Cão (Cape Cross, north of the bay). Dias continued down the western coast of southern Africa. After 8 January 1488, prevented by storms from proceeding along the coast, he sailed out of sight of land and passed the southernmost point of Africa without seeing it. He reached as far up the eastern coast of Africa as, what he called, Rio do Infante, probably the present-day Groot River, in May 1488, but on his return he saw the Cape, which he first named Cabo das Tormentas (Cape of Storms). His King, John II, renamed the point Cabo da Boa Esperança, or Cape of Good Hope, as it led to the riches of the East Indies.[29] Dias' feat of navigation was later immortalised in Luís de Camões' Portuguese epic poem, The Lusiads (1572).
Dutch colonisation
See also: History of Cape Colony and Dutch Cape Colony




Charles Davidson Bell's 19th-century painting of Jan van Riebeeck, who founded the first European settlement in South Africa, arrives in Table Bay in 1652.


By the early 17th century, Portugal's maritime power was starting to decline, and English and Dutch merchants competed to oust Lisbon from its lucrative monopoly on the spice trade.[30] Representatives of the British East India Company did call sporadically at the Cape in search of provisions as early as 1601, but later came to favour Ascension Island and St. Helena as alternative ports of refuge.[31] Dutch interest was aroused after 1647, when two employees of the Dutch East India Company (VOC) were shipwrecked there for several months. The sailors were able to survive by obtaining fresh water and meat from the natives.[31] They also sowed vegetables in the fertile soil.[32] Upon their return to Holland they reported favourably on the Cape's potential as a "warehouse and garden" for provisions to stock passing ships for long voyages.[31]
In 1652, a century and a half after the discovery of the Cape sea route, Jan van Riebeeck established a victualing station at the Cape of Good Hope, at what would become Cape Town, on behalf of the Dutch East India Company.[33][34] In time, the Cape become home to a large population of "vrijlieden", also known as "vrijburgers" (free citizens), former Company employees who stayed in Dutch territories overseas after serving their contracts.[34] Dutch traders also imported thousands of slaves to the fledgling colony from Indonesia, Madagascar, and parts of eastern Africa.[35] Some of the earliest mixed race communities in the country were later formed through unions between vrijburgers, their slaves, and various indigenous peoples.[36] This led to the development of a new ethnic group, the Cape Coloureds, most of whom adopted the Dutch language and Christian faith.[36]
The eastward expansion of Dutch colonists ushered in a series of wars with the southwesterly migrating Xhosa tribe, as both sides competed for the pastureland necessary to graze their cattle near the Great Fish River.[37] Vrijburgers who became independent farmers on the frontier were known as Boers, with some adopting semi-nomadic lifestyles being denoted as trekboers.[37] The Boers formed loose militias, which they termed commandos, and forged alliances with Khoisan groups to repel Xhosa raids.[37] Both sides launched bloody but inconclusive offensives, and sporadic violence, often accompanied by livestock theft, remained common for several decades.[37]
British colonisation
Great Britain occupied Cape Town between 1795 and 1803 to prevent it from falling under the control of the French First Republic, which had invaded the Low Countries.[37] Despite briefly returning to Dutch rule under the Batavian Republic in 1803, the Cape was occupied again by the British in 1806.[38] Following the end of the Napoleonic Wars, it was formally ceded to Great Britain and became an integral part of the British Empire.[39] British immigration to South Africa began around 1818, subsequently culminating in the arrival of the 1820 Settlers.[39] The new colonists were induced to settle for a variety of reasons, namely to increase the size of the European workforce and to bolster frontier regions against Xhosa incursions.[39]




Depiction of a Zulu attack on a Boer camp in February 1838


In the first two decades of the 19th century, the Zulu people grew in power and expanded their territory under their leader, Shaka.[40] Shaka's warfare led indirectly to the Mfecane ("crushing") that devastated and depopulated the inland plateau in the early 1820s.[41][42] An offshoot of the Zulu, the Matabele people created a larger empire that included large parts of the highveld under their king Mzilikazi.
During the early 1800s, many Dutch settlers departed from the Cape Colony, where they had been subjected to British control. They migrated to the future Natal, Orange Free State, and Transvaal regions. The Boers founded the Boer Republics: the South African Republic (now Gauteng, Limpopo, Mpumalanga and North West provinces) and the Orange Free State (Free State).
The discovery of diamonds in 1867 and gold in 1884 in the interior started the Mineral Revolution and increased economic growth and immigration. This intensified British efforts to gain control over the indigenous peoples. The struggle to control these important economic resources was a factor in relations between Europeans and the indigenous population and also between the Boers and the British.[43]
The Anglo-Zulu War was fought in 1879 between the British Empire and the Zulu Kingdom. Following Lord Carnarvon's successful introduction of federation in Canada, it was thought that similar political effort, coupled with military campaigns, might succeed with the African kingdoms, tribal areas and Boer republics in South Africa. In 1874, Sir Henry Bartle Frere was sent to South Africa as High Commissioner for the British Empire to bring such plans into being. Among the obstacles were the presence of the independent states of the South African Republic and the Kingdom of Zululand and its army. The Zulu nation spectacularly defeated the British at the Battle of Isandlwana. Eventually though the war was lost resulting in the end of the Zulu nation's independence.




Boers in combat (1881)


The Boer Republics successfully resisted British encroachments during the First Boer War (1880–1881) using guerrilla warfare tactics, which were well suited to local conditions. The British returned with greater numbers, more experience, and new strategy in the Second Boer War (1899–1902) but suffered heavy casualties through attrition; nonetheless, they were ultimately successful.
Independence
Within the country, anti-British policies among white South Africans focused on independence. During the Dutch and British colonial years, racial segregation was mostly informal, though some legislation was enacted to control the settlement and movement of native people, including the Native Location Act of 1879 and the system of pass laws.[44][45][46][47][48]
Eight years after the end of the Second Boer War and after four years of negotiation, an act of the British Parliament (South Africa Act 1909) granted nominal independence, while creating the Union of South Africa on 31 May 1910. The Union was a dominion that included the former territories of the Cape and Natal colonies, as well as the republics of Orange Free State and Transvaal.[49]
The Natives' Land Act of 1913 severely restricted the ownership of land by blacks; at that stage natives controlled only 7% of the country. The amount of land reserved for indigenous peoples was later marginally increased.[50]
In 1931 the union was fully sovereign from the United Kingdom with the passage of the Statute of Westminster, which abolished the last powers of the British Government on the country. In 1934, the South African Party and National Party merged to form the United Party, seeking reconciliation between Afrikaners and English-speaking "Whites". In 1939 the party split over the entry of the Union into World War II as an ally of the United Kingdom, a move which the National Party followers strongly opposed.
Beginning of apartheid




"For use by white persons" – apartheid sign


In 1948, the National Party was elected to power. It strengthened the racial segregation begun under Dutch and British colonial rule. The Nationalist Government classified all peoples into three races and developed rights and limitations for each. The white minority (less than 20%[51]) controlled the vastly larger black majority. The legally institutionalised segregation became known as apartheid. While whites enjoyed the highest standard of living in all of Africa, comparable to First World Western nations, the black majority remained disadvantaged by almost every standard, including income, education, housing, and life expectancy. The Freedom Charter, adopted in 1955 by the Congress Alliance, demanded a non-racial society and an end to discrimination.
Republic
On 31 May 1961, the country became a republic following a referendum in which white voters narrowly voted in favour thereof (the British-dominated Natal province rallied against the issue).[52] Queen Elizabeth II was stripped of the title Queen of South Africa, and the last Governor-General, namely Charles Robberts Swart, became State President. As a concession to the Westminster system, the presidency remained parliamentary appointed and virtually powerless until P. W. Botha's Constitution Act of 1983, which (intact in these regards) eliminated the office of Prime Minister and instated a near-unique "strong presidency" responsible to parliament. Pressured by other Commonwealth of Nations countries, South Africa withdrew from the organisation in 1961, and rejoined it only in 1994.
Despite opposition both within and outside the country, the government legislated for a continuation of apartheid. The security forces cracked down on internal dissent, and violence became widespread, with anti-apartheid organisations such as the African National Congress, the Azanian People's Organisation, and the Pan-Africanist Congress carrying out guerrilla warfare[53] and urban sabotage.[54] The three rival resistance movements also engaged in occasional inter-factional clashes as they jockeyed for domestic influence.[55] Apartheid became increasingly controversial, and several countries began to boycott business with the South African government because of its racial policies. These measures were later extended to international sanctions and the divestment of holdings by foreign investors.[56][57]




F. W. de Klerk and Nelson Mandela shake hands in January 1992


In the late 1970s, South Africa initiated a programme of nuclear weapons development. In the following decade, it produced six deliverable nuclear weapons.[58][59]
End of apartheid
The Mahlabatini Declaration of Faith, signed by Mangosuthu Buthelezi and Harry Schwarz in 1974, enshrined the principles of peaceful transition of power and equality for all, the first of such agreements by black and white political leaders in South Africa. Ultimately, F. W. de Klerk opened bilateral discussions with Nelson Mandela in 1993 for a transition of policies and government.
In 1990 the National Party government took the first step towards dismantling discrimination when it lifted the ban on the African National Congress and other political organisations. It released Nelson Mandela from prison after twenty-seven years' serving a sentence for sabotage. A negotiation process followed. With approval from a predominantly white referendum, the government repealed apartheid legislation. South Africa also destroyed its nuclear arsenal and acceded to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty. South Africa held its first universal elections in 1994, which the ANC won by an overwhelming majority. It has been in power ever since. The country rejoined the Commonwealth of Nations and became a member of the Southern African Development Community (SADC).




Nelson Mandela, first black African President of Republic of South Africa


In post-apartheid South Africa, unemployment has been extremely high as the country has struggled with many changes. While many blacks have risen to middle or upper classes, the overall unemployment rate of blacks worsened between 1994 and 2003.[60] Poverty among whites, previously rare, increased.[61] In addition, the current government has struggled to achieve the monetary and fiscal discipline to ensure both redistribution of wealth and economic growth. Since the ANC-led government took power, the United Nations Human Development Index of South Africa has fallen, while it was steadily rising until the mid-1990s.[62] Some may be attributed to the HIV/AIDS pandemic, and the failure of the government to take steps to address it in the early years.[63]
In May 2008, riots left over sixty people dead.[64] The Centre on Housing Rights and Evictions estimates over 100,000 people were driven from their homes.[65] The targets were mainly migrants and refugees seeking asylum, but a third of the victims were South African citizens.[64] In a 2006 survey, the South African Migration Project concluded that South Africans are more opposed to immigration than anywhere else in the world.[66] The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in 2008 reported over 200,000 refugees applied for asylum in South Africa, almost four times as many as the year before.[67] These people were mainly from Zimbabwe, though many also come from Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Rwanda, Eritrea, Ethiopia and Somalia.[67] Competition over jobs, business opportunities, public services and housing has led to tension between refugees and host communities.[67] While xenophobia is still a problem, recent violence has not been as widespread as initially feared.[67]
Geography
Main article: Geography of South Africa




A map of South Africa showing the main topographic features: the Central Plateau edged by the Great Escarpment, and the Cape Fold Belt in the south-west corner of the country






Important geographical regions in South Africa. The thick line traces the course of the Great Escarpment which edges the central plateau. The eastern portion of this line, coloured red, is known as the Drakensberg. The Escarpment rises to its highest point, at over 3000 m, where the Drakensberg forms the border between KwaZulu-Natal and Lesotho. None of the regions indicated on the map has a sharp well-defined border, except where the Escarpment, or a range of mountains forms a clear dividing line between two regions. Some of the better known regions are coloured in; the others are simply indicated by their names, as they would be in an atlas.


South Africa is located at the southernmost region of Africa, with a long coastline that stretches more than 2,500 km (1,553 mi) and along two oceans (the South Atlantic and the Indian). At 1,219,912 km2 (471,011 sq mi),[68] South Africa is the 25th-largest country in the world and is comparable in size to Colombia. Mafadi in the Drakensberg at 3,450 m (11,320 ft) is the highest peak in South Africa. Excluding the Prince Edward Islands, the country lies between latitudes 22° and 35°S, and longitudes 16° and 33°E.
The interior of South Africa consists of a vast, in most places almost flat, plateau with an altitude of between 1,000 m (3,300 ft) and 2,100 m (6,900 ft), highest in the east and sloping gently downwards towards the west and north, and slightly less noticeably so to the south and south-west.[69] This plateau is surrounded by the Great Escarpment[70] whose eastern, and highest, stretch is known as the Drakensberg.[71]
The south and south-western parts of the plateau (at approximately 1100–1800 m above sea level), and the adjoining plain below (at approximately 700–800 m above sea level – see map on the right) is known as the Great Karoo, which consists of sparsely populated scrubland. To the north the Great Karoo fades into the even drier and more arid Bushmanland, which eventually becomes the Kalahari desert in the very north-west of the country. The mid-eastern, and highest part of the plateau is known as the Highveld. This relatively well-watered area is home to a great proportion of the country’s commercial farmlands, and contains its largest conurbation (Gauteng Province). To the north of Highveld, from about the 25° 30' S line of latitude, the plateau slopes downwards into the Bushveld, which ultimately gives way to the Limpopo lowlands or Lowveld.[70]




Flat topped hills (called Karoo Koppies) are highly characteristic of the southern and southwestern Karoo landscape. These hills are capped by hard, erosion resistant dolerite sills. This is solidified lava that was forced under high pressure between the horizontal strata of the sedimentary rocks that make up most of the Karoo’s geology about 180 million years ago. Since then Southern Africa has undergone a prolonged period of erosion removing the relatively soft Karoo rocks, except where they are protected by a cap of dolerite. This photograph was taken near Cradock in the Eastern Cape.


The coastal belt, below the Great Escarpment, moving clockwise from the northeast, consists of the Limpopo Lowveld, which merges into the Mpumalanga Lowveld, below the Mpumalanga Drakensberg (the eastern portion of the Great Escarpment).[72] This is hotter, drier and less intensely cultivated than the Highveld above the escarpment.[70] The Kruger National Park, located in the provinces of Limpopo and Mpumalanga in northeastern South Africa, occupies a large portion of the Lowveld covering 19,633 square kilometres (7,580 sq mi.) [73] South of the Lowveld the annual rainfall increases as one enters KwaZulu-Natal Province, which, especially near the coast, is subtropically hot and humid. The KwaZulu-Natal – Lesotho international border is formed by the highest portion of the Great Escarpment, or Drakensberg, which reaches an altitude of over 3,000 m (9,800 ft).[74] The climate at the foot of this part of the Drakensberg is temperate.




Drakensberg, the eastern and highest portion of the Great Escarpment which surrounds the east, south and western borders of the central plateau of Southern Africa


The coastal belt below the south and south-western stretches of the Great Escarpment contains several ranges of Cape Fold Mountains which run parallel to the coast, separating the Great Escarpment from the ocean.[75][76] (These parallel ranges of fold mountains are shown on the map, above left. Note the course of the Great Escarpment to the north of these mountain ranges.) The land (at approximately 400–500 m above sea level) between two of these ranges of fold mountains in the south (i.e. between the Outeniqua and Langeberg ranges to the south and the Swartberg range to the north) is known as the Little Karoo,[70] which consists of semi-desert scrubland similar to that of the Great Karoo, except that its northern strip along the foothills of the Swartberg Mountains, has a somewhat higher rainfall and is therefore more cultivated than the Great Karoo. The Little Karoo is historically, and still, famous for its ostrich farming around the town of Oudtshoorn. The lowland area (700–800 m above sea level) to the north of the Swartberg mountain range up to the Great Escarpment is the lowland part of the Great Karoo (see map at top right), which is climatically and botanically almost indistinguishable from the Karoo above the Great Escarpment. The narrow coastal strip between the most seaward Cape Fold Mountain range (i.e., the Langeberg–Outeniqua mountains) and the ocean has a moderately high year-round rainfall, especially in the George-Knysna-Plettenberg Bay region, which is known as the Garden Route. It is famous for the most extensive areas of indigenous forests in South Africa (a generally forest-poor country).
In the south-west corner of the country the Cape Peninsula forms the southernmost tip of the coastal strip which borders the Atlantic Ocean, and ultimately terminates at the country’s border with Namibia at the Orange River. The Cape Peninsula has a Mediterranean climate, making it and its immediate surrounds the only portion of Africa south of the Sahara which receives most of its rainfall in winter.[77][78] The greater Cape Town metropolitan area is situated on the Cape Peninsula and is home to 3.7 million people according to the 2011 population census. It is the country's legislative capital.




Spring flowers in Namaqualand


The coastal belt to the north of the Cape Peninsula is bounded on the west by the Atlantic Ocean and the first row of north-south running Cape Fold Mountains to the east. The Cape Fold Mountains peter out at about the 32° S line of latitude,[76] after which the coastal plain is bounded by the Great Escarpment itself. The most southerly portion of this coastal belt is known as the Swartland and Malmesbury Plain, which is an important wheat growing region, relying on winter rains. The region further north is known as Namaqualand,[79] which becomes more and more arid as one approaches the Orange River. The little rain that falls, tends to fall in winter,[78] which results in one of the world’s most spectacular displays of flowers carpeting huge stretches of veld in spring (August–September).




Cape Floral Region Protected Areas.


South Africa also has one possession, the small sub-Antarctic archipelago of the Prince Edward Islands, consisting of Marion Island (290 km2 or 110 sq mi) and Prince Edward Island (45 km2 or 17 sq mi) (not to be confused with the Canadian province of the same name).
Climate
Main article: Climate of South Africa




Köppen climate types of South Africa


South Africa has a generally temperate climate, due in part to being surrounded by the Atlantic and Indian Oceans on three sides, by its location in the climatically milder Southern Hemisphere and due to the average elevation rising steadily towards the north (towards the equator) and further inland. Due to this varied topography and oceanic influence, a great variety of climatic zones exist. The climatic zones range from the extreme desert of the southern Namib in the farthest northwest to the lush subtropical climate in the east along the Mozambique border and the Indian Ocean. Winters in South Africa occur between June and August.
The extreme southwest has a climate remarkably similar to that of the Mediterranean with wet winters and hot, dry summers, hosting the famous fynbos biome of shrubland and thicket. This area also produces much of the wine in South Africa. This region is also particularly known for its wind, which blows intermittently almost all year. The severity of this wind made passing around the Cape of Good Hope particularly treacherous for sailors, causing many shipwrecks. Further east on the south coast, rainfall is distributed more evenly throughout the year, producing a green landscape. This area is popularly known as the Garden Route.
The Free State is particularly flat because it lies centrally on the high plateau. North of the Vaal River, the Highveld becomes better watered and does not experience subtropical extremes of heat. Johannesburg, in the centre of the Highveld, is at 1,740 m (5,709 ft) and receives an annual rainfall of 760 mm (29.9 in). Winters in this region are cold, although snow is rare.
The high Drakensberg mountains, which form the south-eastern escarpment of the Highveld, offer limited skiing opportunities in winter. The coldest place on mainland South Africa is Sutherland in the western Roggeveld Mountains, where midwinter temperatures can reach as low as −15 °C (5 °F). The Prince Edward Islands have colder average annual temperatures, but Sutherland has colder extremes. The deep interior of mainland South Africa has the hottest temperatures: a temperature of 51.7 °C (125.06 °F) was recorded in 1948 in the Northern Cape Kalahari near Upington,[80] but this temperature is unofficial and was not recorded with standard equipment, the official highest temperature is 48.8 °C (119.84 °F) at Vioolsdrif in January 1993.[81]
Biodiversity
See also: Wildlife of South Africa and Protected areas of South Africa
South Africa signed the Rio Convention on Biological Diversity on 4 June 1994, and became a party to the convention on 2 November 1995.[82] It has subsequently produced a National Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plan, which was received by the convention on 7 June 2006.[83] The country is ranked sixth out of the world's seventeen megadiverse countries.[84]
Animals




South African giraffe, Kruger National Park


Numerous mammals are found in the bushveld including Transvaal lions, African leopards, South African cheetahs, southern white rhinos, blue wildebeest, kudus, impalas, hyenas, hippopotamuses and South African giraffes. A significant extent of the bushveld exists in the north-east including Kruger National Park and the Sabi Sand Game Reserve, as well as in the far north in the Waterberg Biosphere. South Africa houses many endemic species, among them the critically endangered riverine rabbit (Bunolagus monticullaris) in the Karoo.
Fungi
Up to 1945, more than 4900 species of fungi (including lichen-forming species) had been recorded.[85] In 2006, the total number of fungi which occur in South Africa was conservatively estimated at about 200,000 species, but that did not take into account fungi associated with insects.[86] If correct, then the number of South African fungi dwarfs that of its plants. In at least some major South African ecosystems, an exceptionally high percentage of fungi are highly specific in terms of the plants with which they occur.[87] The country's biodiversity strategy and action plan does not mention fungi (including lichen-forming fungi).[83]
Plants




Sub-tropical forest near Durban






Lowveld vegetation of the Kruger National Park


With more than 22,000 different higher plants, or about 9% of all the known species of plants on Earth,[88] South Africa is particularly rich in plant diversity. The most prevalent biome in South Africa is the grassland, particularly on the Highveld, where the plant cover is dominated by different grasses, low shrubs, and acacia trees, mainly camel-thorn and whitethorn. Vegetation becomes even more sparse towards the northwest due to low rainfall. There are several species of water-storing succulents like aloes and euphorbias in the very hot and dry Namaqualand area. The grass and thorn savannah turns slowly into a bush savannah towards the north-east of the country, with denser growth. There are significant numbers of baobab trees in this area, near the northern end of Kruger National Park.[89]
The fynbos biome, which makes up the majority of the area and plant life in the Cape floristic region, one of the six floral kingdoms, is located in a small region of the Western Cape and contains more than 9,000 of those species, making it among the richest regions on earth in terms of plant diversity.[citation needed] Most of the plants are evergreen hard-leaf plants with fine, needle-like leaves, such as the sclerophyllous plants. Another uniquely South African flowering plant group is the genus Protea. There are around 130 different species of Protea in South Africa.
While South Africa has a great wealth of flowering plants, only 1% of South Africa is forest, almost exclusively in the humid coastal plain of KwaZulu-Natal, where there are also areas of Southern Africa mangroves in river mouths. There are even smaller reserves of forests that are out of the reach of fire, known as montane forests. Plantations of imported tree species are predominant, particularly the non-native eucalyptus and pine.
Conservation issues
South Africa has lost a large area of natural habitat in the last four decades, primarily due to overpopulation, sprawling development patterns and deforestation during the 19th century. South Africa is one of the worst affected countries in the world when it comes to invasion by alien species with many (e.g. black wattle, Port Jackson willow, Hakea, Lantana and Jacaranda) posing a significant threat to the native biodiversity and the already scarce water resources. The original temperate forest found by the first European settlers was exploited ruthlessly until only small patches remained. Currently, South African hardwood trees like real yellowwood (Podocarpus latifolius), stinkwood (Ocotea bullata), and South African black ironwood (Olea laurifolia) are under government protection. Statistics from the South African Environmental Affairs department show a record 1215 rhinos have been killed in 2014.[90]
Climate change is expected to bring considerable warming and drying to much of this already semi-arid region, with greater frequency and intensity of extreme weather events such as heatwaves, flooding and drought. According to computer generated climate modelling produced by the South African National Biodiversity Institute[91] parts of southern Africa will see an increase in temperature by about one degree Celsius along the coast to more than four degrees Celsius in the already hot hinterland such as the Northern Cape in late spring and summertime by 2050. The Cape Floral Kingdom, been identified as one of the global biodiversity hotspots, it will be hit very hard by climate change. Drought, increased intensity and frequency of fire and climbing temperatures are expected to push many rare species towards extinction.


Biodiversity of South Africa


King protea, national flower



Fynbos, Cape Floristic Region



Blue crane, national bird



Flowers in the West Coast National Park




Politics and government
Main articles: Government of South Africa, Politics of South Africa, Law of South Africa, and Human rights in South Africa




Union Buildings in Pretoria, seat of the executive






Houses of Parliament in Cape Town, seat of the legislature


South Africa is a parliamentary republic, although unlike most such republics the President is both head of state and head of government, and depends for his tenure on the confidence of Parliament. The executive, legislature and judiciary are all subject to the supremacy of the Constitution, and the superior courts have the power to strike down executive actions and acts of Parliament if they are unconstitutional.
The National Assembly, the lower house of Parliament, consists of 400 members and is elected every five years by a system of party-list proportional representation. The National Council of Provinces, the upper house, consists of ninety members, with each of the nine provincial legislatures electing ten members.
After each parliamentary election, the National Assembly elects one of its members as President; hence the President serves a term of office the same as that of the Assembly, normally five years. No President may serve more than two terms in office.[92] The President appoints a Deputy President and Ministers, who form the Cabinet which consists of Departments and Ministries. The President and the Cabinet may be removed by the National Assembly by a motion of no confidence.




Jacob Zuma, President of South Africa since 2009


In the most recent election, held on 7 May 2014, the African National Congress (ANC) won 62.2% of the vote and 249 seats, while the main opposition, the Democratic Alliance (DA) won 22.2% of the vote and 89 seats. The Economic Freedom Fighters, founded by Julius Malema, the former President of the ANC's Youth Wing who was later expelled from the ANC, won 6.4% of the vote and 25 seats. The ANC has been the governing political party in South Africa since the end of apartheid.
South Africa has no legally defined capital city. The fourth chapter of the Constitution of South Africa, states that "The seat of Parliament is Cape Town, but an Act of Parliament enacted in accordance with section 76(1) and (5) may determine that the seat of Parliament is elsewhere."[93] The country's three branches of government are split over different cities. Cape Town, as the seat of Parliament, is the legislative capital; Pretoria, as the seat of the President and Cabinet, is the administrative capital; and Bloemfontein, as the seat of the Supreme Court of Appeal, is the judicial capital, while the Constitutional Court of South Africa sits in Johannesburg. Most foreign embassies are located in Pretoria.
Since 2004, South Africa has had many thousands of popular protests, some violent, making it, according to one academic, the "most protest-rich country in the world".[94] There have been a number of incidents of political repression as well as threats of future repression in violation of this constitution leading some analysts and civil society organisations to conclude that there is or could be a new climate of political repression,[95][96] or a decline in political tolerance.[97]
In 2008, South Africa placed 5th out of 48 sub-Saharan African countries on the Ibrahim Index of African Governance. South Africa scored well in the categories of Rule of Law, Transparency & Corruption and Participation & Human Rights, but was let down by its relatively poor performance in Safety & Security.[98] In November 2006, South Africa became the first African country to legalise same-sex marriage.[99]
Law
See also: Crime in South Africa




Constitutional Court in Johannesburg


The Constitution of South Africa is the supreme rule of law in the country. The primary sources of South African law are Roman-Dutch mercantile law and personal law with English Common law, as imports of Dutch settlements and British colonialism.[100] The first European based law in South Africa was brought by the Dutch East India Company and is called Roman-Dutch law. It was imported before the codification of European law into the Napoleonic Code and is comparable in many ways to Scots law. This was followed in the 19th century by English law, both common and statutory. Starting in 1910 with unification, South Africa had its own parliament which passed laws specific for South Africa, building on those previously passed for the individual member colonies.
The judicial system consists of the magistrates' courts, which hear lesser criminal cases and smaller civil cases; the High Courts, which are courts of general jurisdiction for specific areas; the Supreme Court of Appeal, which is the highest court in all but constitutional matters; and the Constitutional Court, which hears only constitutional matters.




Soweto Pride 2012 participants protest against violence against lesbians. Human Rights in the country are widely positivized into laws but some groups still are socially discriminated. It is the first country in Africa recognizing same sex marriage.


Nearly 50 murders are committed each day in South Africa.[101] In the year ended March 2014 there were 17,068 murders and the murder rate was 32.2 per 100,000 - about five times higher than the global average of 6 per 100,000.[102] Middle-class South Africans seek security in gated communities.[103] The private security industry in South Africa is the largest in the world,[104] with nearly 9,000 registered companies and 400,000 registered active private security guards, more than the South African police and army combined.[105] Many emigrants from South Africa also state that crime was a big motivator for them to leave.[106] Crime against the farming community has continued to be a major problem.[107]
It is estimated that 500,000 women are raped in South Africa every year[108] with the average woman more likely to be raped than complete secondary school.[109] A 2009 survey found one in four South African men admitted to raping someone[110] and another survey found one in three women out of 4000 surveyed women said they had been raped in the past year.[111] Rapes are also perpetrated by children (some as young as ten).[112] Child and baby rape incidences are some of the highest in the world, largely as a result of the virgin cleansing myth, and a number of high-profile cases (sometimes as young as eight months[112]) have outraged the nation.[113]
Foreign relations
Main article: Foreign relations of South Africa




Leaders of the BRICS nations at the G-20 summit in Hangzhou, 2016


As the Union of South Africa, the country was a founding member of the United Nations. The then Prime Minister Jan Smuts wrote the preamble to the United Nations Charter.[114][115] South Africa is one of the founding members of the African Union (AU), and has the second largest economy of all the members. It is also a founding member of the AU's New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD).
South Africa has played a key role as a mediator in African conflicts over the last decade, such as in Burundi, the Democratic Republic of Congo, the Comoros, and Zimbabwe. After apartheid ended, South Africa was readmitted to the Commonwealth of Nations. The country is a member of the Group of 77 and chaired the organisation in 2006. South Africa is also a member of the Southern African Development Community, South Atlantic Peace and Cooperation Zone, Southern African Customs Union, Antarctic Treaty System, World Trade Organization, International Monetary Fund, G20, G8+5, and the Port Management Association of Eastern and Southern Africa.
South African President Jacob Zuma and Chinese President Hu Jintao upgraded bilateral ties between the two countries on 24 August 2010, when they signed the Beijing Agreement, which elevated South Africa's earlier "strategic partnership" with China to the higher level of "comprehensive strategic partnership" in both economic and political affairs, including the strengthening of exchanges between their respective ruling parties and legislatures.[116][117] In April 2011, South Africa formally joined the Brazil-Russia-India-China (BRICS) grouping of countries, identified by President Zuma as the country's largest trading partners, and also the largest trading partners with Africa as a whole. Zuma asserted that BRICS member countries would also work with each other through the UN, the Group of Twenty (G20) and the India, Brazil South Africa (IBSA) forum.[118]
Military
Main article: South African National Defence Force




SANDF soldiers


The South African National Defence Force (SANDF) was created in 1994,[119][120] as an all volunteer force composed of the former South African Defence Force, the forces of the African nationalist groups (Umkhonto we Sizwe and Azanian People's Liberation Army), and the former Bantustan defence forces.[119] The SANDF is subdivided into four branches, the South African Army, the South African Air Force, the South African Navy, and the South African Military Health Service.[121] In recent years, the SANDF has become a major peacekeeping force in Africa,[122] and has been involved in operations in Lesotho, the Democratic Republic of the Congo,[122] and Burundi,[122] amongst others. It has also served in multi-national UN peacekeeping forces such as the United Nations Force Intervention Brigade for example.
South Africa is the only African country to have successfully developed nuclear weapons. It became the first country (followed by Ukraine) with nuclear capability to voluntarily renounce and dismantle its programme and in the process signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 1991.[123] South Africa undertook a nuclear weapons programme in the 1970s[123] According to former state president FW de Klerk, the decision to build a "nuclear deterrent" was taken "as early as 1974 against a backdrop of a Soviet expansionist threat."[124] South Africa is alleged to have conducted a nuclear test over the Atlantic in 1979,[125] although this is officially denied. Former president FW de Klerk maintained that South Africa had "never conducted a clandestine nuclear test."[124] Six nuclear devices were completed between 1980 and 1990, but all were dismantled before South Africa signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 1991.[124]
Administrative divisions
Main article: Provinces of South Africa




Provinces of South Africa


Each of the nine provinces is governed by a unicameral legislature, which is elected every five years by party-list proportional representation. The legislature elects a Premier as head of government, and the Premier appoints an Executive Council as a provincial cabinet. The powers of provincial governments are limited to topics listed in the Constitution; these topics include such fields as health, education, public housing and transport.
The provinces are in turn divided into 52 districts: 8 metropolitan and 44 district municipalities. The district municipalities are further subdivided into 226 local municipalities. The metropolitan municipalities, which govern the largest urban agglomerations, perform the functions of both district and local municipalities.


Province
Provincial capital
Largest city
Area (km2)[126]
Population (2013)[4]


Eastern Cape
Bhisho
Port Elizabeth
168,966
6,620,100


Free State
Bloemfontein
Bloemfontein
129,825
2,753,200


Gauteng
Johannesburg
Johannesburg
18,178
12,728,400


KwaZulu-Natal
Pietermaritzburg
Durban
94,361
10,456,900


Limpopo
Polokwane
Polokwane
125,754
5,518,000


Mpumalanga
Nelspruit
Mbombela
76,495
4,128,000


North West
Mahikeng
Rustenburg
104,882
3,597,600


Northern Cape
Kimberley
Kimberley
372,889
1,162,900


Western Cape
Cape Town
Cape Town
129,462
6,016,900


Economy




Annual per capita personal income by ethnic group in South Africa relative to white levels


Main article: Economy of South Africa




The JSE is the largest stock exchange on the African continent.


South Africa has a mixed economy, the second-largest in Africa after Nigeria. It also has a relatively high GDP per capita compared to other countries in Sub-Saharan Africa ($11,750 at PPP as of 2012). Despite this, South Africa is still burdened by a relatively high rate of poverty and unemployment, and is also ranked in the Top 10 countries in the world for income inequality,[127][128][129] measured by the Gini coefficient.
Unlike most of the world's poor countries, South Africa does not have a thriving informal economy. Only 15% of South African jobs are in the informal sector, compared with around half in Brazil and India and nearly three-quarters in Indonesia. The OECD attributes this difference to South Africa's widespread welfare system.[130] World Bank research shows that South Africa has one of the widest gaps between per capita GNP versus its Human Development Index ranking, with only Botswana showing a larger gap.[131]
After 1994, government policy brought down inflation, stabilised public finances, and some foreign capital was attracted, however growth was still subpar.[132] From 2004 onwards, economic growth picked up significantly; both employment and capital formation increased.[132] During the presidency of Jacob Zuma, the government has begun to increase the role of state-owned enterprises. Some of the biggest state-owned companies are Eskom, the electric power monopoly, South African Airways (SAA), and Transnet, the railway and ports monopoly. Some of these state-owned companies have not been profitable, such as SAA, which has required bailouts totaling R30,000,000,000 ($2,300,000,000) over twenty years.[133]
South Africa is a popular tourist destination, and a substantial amount of revenue comes from tourism.[134] Illegal immigrants are involved in informal trading.[135] Many emigrants to South Africa continue to live in poor conditions, and the immigration policy has become increasingly restrictive since 1994.[136]
Principal international trading partners of South Africa—outside Africa—include: Germany, the United States, China, Japan, the United Kingdom and Spain.[137]
The South African agricultural industry contributes around 10% of formal employment, relatively low compared to other parts of Africa, as well as providing work for casual labourers and contributing around 2.6% of GDP for the nation.[138] Due to the aridity of the land, only 13.5% of the land can be used for crop production, and only 3% is considered high potential land.[139]
In August 2013, South Africa was ranked as the top African Country of the Future by FDi magazine based on the country's economic potential, labour environment, cost-effectiveness, infrastructure, business friendliness, and Foreign direct investment Strategy.[140]
The FSI ranks South Africa as the 36th safest tax haven in the world, ahead of the Philippines but behind the Bahamas.
Labour market




Workers packing pears for export in the Ceres valley


During 1995–2003, the number of formal jobs decreased and informal jobs increased; overall unemployment worsened.[60]
The government's Black Economic Empowerment policies have drawn criticism from Neva Makgetla, lead economist for research and information at the Development Bank of Southern Africa, for focusing "almost exclusively on promoting individual ownership by black people (which) does little to address broader economic disparities, though the rich may become more diverse."[141] Official affirmative action policies have seen a rise in black economic wealth and an emerging black middle-class.[142] Other problems include state ownership and interference, which impose high barriers to entry in many areas.[143] Restrictive labour regulations have contributed to the unemployment malaise.[60]
Along with many other African countries, South Africa has been experiencing a "brain drain" within the past twenty years. This is believed to be potentially damaging for the regional economy,[144][not in citation given][clarification needed] and is almost certainly detrimental for the well-being of those reliant on the healthcare infrastructure.[145] The skills drain in South Africa tends to demonstrate racial contours given the skills distribution legacy of South Africa and has thus resulted in large white South African communities moving abroad.[146] However, the statistics which purport to show a brain drain are disputed and also do not account for repatriation and expiry of foreign work contracts. According to several surveys[147][148] there has been a reverse in brain drain following the global financial crisis of 2008-2009 and the expiry of foreign work contracts. In the first quarter of 2011, confidence levels for graduate professionals were recorded at a level of 84% in a PPS survey.[149]
Science and technology
Main article: Science and technology in South Africa




Mark Shuttleworth in space


Several important scientific and technological developments have originated in South Africa. The first human-to-human heart transplant was performed by cardiac surgeon Dr. Christiaan Barnard at Groote Schuur Hospital in December 1967, Max Theiler developed a vaccine against yellow fever, Allan McLeod Cormack pioneered x-ray computed tomography, and Aaron Klug developed crystallographic electron microscopy techniques. With the exception of that of Barnard, all of these advancements were recognised with Nobel Prizes. Sydney Brenner won most recently, in 2002, for his pioneering work in molecular biology.
Mark Shuttleworth founded an early Internet security company Thawte, that was subsequently bought out by world-leader VeriSign. Despite government efforts to encourage entrepreneurship in biotechnology, IT and other high technology fields, no other notable groundbreaking companies have been founded in South Africa. It is the expressed objective of the government to transition the economy to be more reliant on high technology, based on the realisation that South Africa cannot compete with Far Eastern economies in manufacturing, nor can the republic rely on its mineral wealth in perpetuity.
South Africa has cultivated a burgeoning astronomy community. It hosts the Southern African Large Telescope, the largest optical telescope in the Southern Hemisphere. South Africa is currently building the Karoo Array Telescope as a pathfinder for the €1,500,000,000 Square Kilometre Array project.[150] On 25 May 2012, it was announced that hosting of the Square Kilometer Array Telescope will be split over both the South African and the Australia/New Zealand sites.[151]
Water supply and sanitation
Main article: Water supply and sanitation in South Africa
After the end of Apartheid, South Africa's newly elected ANC government struggled with the-then growing service and backlogs with respect to access to Water supply and Sanitation developed. The government thus made a strong commitment to high service standards and to high levels of investment subsidies to achieve those standards. Since then, the country has made some progress with regard to improving access to water supply: It reached universal access to an improved water source in urban areas, and in rural areas the share of those with access increased from 66% to 79% from 1990 to 2010.[152]
South Africa also has a strong water industry with a track record in innovation. However, much less progress has been achieved on sanitation: Access increased only from 71% to 79% during the same period.[152] Significant problems remain concerning the financial sustainability of service providers, leading to a lack of attention to maintenance. The uncertainty about the government's ability to sustain funding levels in the sector is also a concern. Two distinctive features of the South African water sector are the policy of free basic water and the existence of water boards, which are bulk water supply agencies that operate pipelines and sell water from reservoirs to municipalities.
In May 2014, it was announced that Durban's Water and Sanitation Department won the Stockholm Industry Water Award "for its transformative and inclusive approach", calling it "one of the most progressive utilities in the world". The city has connected 1,300,000 additional people to piped water and provided 700,000 with access to toilets in fourteen years. It also was South Africa's first municipality to put free basic water for the poor into practice. Furthermore, it has promoted Rainwater harvesting and mini hydropower.[153]
Demographics
Main article: Demographics of South Africa




Migrations that formed the modern Rainbow Nation






Map of population density in South Africa




  <1 /km2
  1–3 /km2
  3–10 /km2
  10–30 /km2
  30–100 /km2



  100–300 /km2
  300–1000 /km2
  1000–3000 /km2
  >3000 /km2






South Africa is a nation of about 55,000,000 (2016 estimate) people of diverse origins, cultures, languages, and religions. The last census was held in 2011. South Africa is home to an estimated 5,000,000 illegal immigrants, including some 3,000,000 Zimbabweans.[154][155][156] A series of anti-immigrant riots occurred in South Africa beginning on 11 May 2008.[157][158]
Statistics South Africa asks people to describe themselves in the census in terms of five racial population groups.[159] The 2011 census figures for these groups were Black African at 79.2%, White at 8.9%, Coloured at 8.9%, Asian at 2.5%, and Other/Unspecified at 0.5%.[5]:21 The first census in South Africa in 1911 showed that whites made up 22% of the population; it declined to 16% in 1980.[160]
South Africa hosts a sizeable refugee and asylum seeker population. According to the World Refugee Survey 2008, published by the US Committee for Refugees and Immigrants, this population numbered approximately 144,700 people in 2007.[161] Groups of refugees and asylum seekers numbering over 10,000 included people from Zimbabwe (48,400), The Democratic Republic of the Congo (24,800), and Somalia (12,900).[161] These populations mainly lived in Johannesburg, Pretoria, Durban, Cape Town, and Port Elizabeth.[161] Many refugees have now also started to work and live in rural areas in provinces such as Mpumalanga, KwaZulu-Natal and the Eastern Cape.
Languages
Main article: Languages of South Africa




A map showing the dominant South African languages.



  Afrikaans
  English
  Ndebele
  Xhosa
  Zulu
  Northern Sotho



  Sotho
  Tswana
  Swazi
  Venda
  Tsonga
  None dominant






South Africa has eleven official languages:[162] Afrikaans, English, Ndebele, Northern Sotho, Sotho, Swazi, Tswana, Tsonga, Venda, Xhosa, and Zulu. In this regard it is third only to Bolivia and India in number. While all the languages are formally equal, some languages are spoken more than others. According to the 2011 census, the three most spoken first languages are Zulu (22.7%), Xhosa (16.0%), and Afrikaans (13.5%).[163] Despite the fact that English is recognised as the language of commerce and science, it ranked fourth, and was listed as the first language of only 9.6% of South Africans in 2011 but remains the de facto lingua franca of the nation.[163]
The country also recognises several unofficial languages, including Fanagalo, Khoe, Lobedu, Nama, Northern Ndebele, Phuthi, and South African Sign Language.[164] These unofficial languages may be used in certain official uses in limited areas where it has been determined that these languages are prevalent.
Many of the unofficial languages of the San and Khoikhoi people contain regional dialects stretching northwards into Namibia and Botswana, and elsewhere. These people, who are a physically distinct population from other Africans, have their own cultural identity based on their hunter-gatherer societies. They have been marginalised to a great extent, and the remainder of their languages are in danger of becoming extinct.
Many White South Africans also speak European languages, including Portuguese (also spoken by Black Angolans and Mozambicans), German, and Greek, while some Asians in South Africa speak Asian languages, such as Gujarati, Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, and Urdu. French is spoken in South Africa by immigrants from French-speaking parts of Africa.
Urban centres



 


v
t
e


Largest cities or towns in South Africa
2011 Census



Rank
Name
Province
Pop.


1
City of Johannesburg
Gauteng
4,434,827[165]


2
City of Cape Town
Western Cape
3,740,026[166]


3
EThekwini Metropolitan Municipality
KwaZulu-Natal
3,442,361[167]


4
Ekurhuleni
Gauteng
3,178,470[168]


5
City of Tshwane
Gauteng
2,921,488[169]


6
Nelson Mandela Bay
Eastern Cape
1,152,115[170]


7
Buffalo City Metropolitan Municipality
Eastern Cape
755,200[171]


8
Mangaung
Free State
747,431[172]


9
Emfuleni
Gauteng
721,663[173]


10
Polokwane Local Municipality
Limpopo
628,999 [174]


Religion
Main article: Religion in South Africa




Nederduits Gereformeerde Kerk in Wolmaransstad






Sangoma performing a traditional baptism in Alexandra, Johannesburg


According to the 2001 census, Christians accounted for 79.8% of the population, with a majority of them being members of various Protestant denominations (broadly defined to include syncretic African initiated churches) and a minority of Roman Catholics and other Christians. Christian category includes Zion Christian (11.1%), Pentecostal (Charismatic) (8.2%), Roman Catholic (7.1%), Methodist (6.8%), Dutch Reformed (Nederduits Gereformeerde Kerk; 6.7%), Anglican (3.8%). Members of remaining Christian churches accounted for another 36% of the population. Muslims accounted for 1.5% of the population, Hindus 1.2%, traditional African religion 0.3% and Judaism 0.2%. 15.1% had no religious affiliation, 0.6% were other and 1.4% were unspecified.[137][175][176]
African initiated churches formed the largest of the Christian groups. It was believed that many of the persons who claimed no affiliation with any organised religion adhered to traditional African religion. There are an estimated 200,000 indigenous traditional healers in South Africa, and up to 60% of South Africans consult these healers,[177] generally called sangomas or inyangas. These healers use a combination of ancestral spiritual beliefs and a belief in the spiritual and medicinal properties of local fauna and flora, commonly known as muti, to facilitate healing in clients. Many peoples have syncretic religious practices combining Christian and indigenous influences.[178]
South African Muslims comprise mainly those who are described as "Coloured" and those who are described as Indians. They have been joined by Black or White South African converts as well as others from other parts of Africa.[179] South African Muslims claim that their faith is the fastest-growing religion of conversion in the country, with the number of black Muslims growing sixfold, from 12,000 in 1991 to 74,700 in 2004.[179][180]
South Africa is also home to a substantial Jewish population, descended from European Jews who arrived as a minority among other European settlers. This population peaked in the 1970s at 120,000, though only around 67,000 remain today, the rest having emigrated. Even so, these numbers make the Jewish community in South Africa the twelfth largest in the world.[181]
Ethnic Indian Hindus form another significant portion of the population.[175]
Culture
Main article: Culture of South Africa




Decorated houses, Drakensberg


The South African black majority still has a substantial number of rural inhabitants who lead largely impoverished lives. It is among these people that cultural traditions survive most strongly; as Blacks have become increasingly urbanised and Westernised, aspects of traditional culture have declined. Members of the middle-class, who are predominantly White but whose ranks include growing numbers of Black, Coloured and Indian people,[182] have lifestyles similar in many respects to that of people found in Western Europe, North America and Australasia.
The South African Scout Association was one of the first youth organisations to open its doors to youth and adults of all races in South Africa. This happened on 2 July 1977 at a conference known as Quo Vadis.[183]
Arts




Eland, rock painting, Drakensberg


South African art includes the oldest art objects in the world, which were discovered in a South African cave, and dated from 75,000 years ago.[184] The scattered tribes of Khoisan peoples moving into South Africa from around 10,000 BC had their own fluent art styles seen today in a multitude of cave paintings. They were superseded by Bantu/Nguni peoples with their own vocabularies of art forms. New forms of art evolved in the mines and townships: a dynamic art using everything from plastic strips to bicycle spokes. The Dutch-influenced folk art of the Afrikaner Trekboers and the urban white artists earnestly following changing European traditions from the 1850s onwards also contributed to this eclectic mix, which continues to evolve today.




Olive Schreiner


South African literature emerged from a unique social and political history. One of the first well-known novels written by a Black author in an African language was Solomon Thekiso Plaatje's Mhudi, written in 1930. During the 1950s, Drum magazine became a hotbed of political satire, fiction, and essays, giving a voice to urban Black culture.
Notable White South African authors include Alan Paton, who published the acclaimed novel Cry, the Beloved Country in 1948. Nadine Gordimer became the first South African to be awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1991. Her most famous novel, July's People, was released in 1981. J.M. Coetzee won the Nobel Prize for Literature, in 2003. When awarding the prize, the Swedish Academy stated that Coetzee "in innumerable guises portrays the surprising involvement of the outsider".[185]
The plays of Athol Fugard have been regularly premiered in fringe theatres in South Africa, London (The Royal Court Theatre) and New York. Olive Schreiner's The Story of an African Farm (1883) was a revelation in Victorian literature: it is heralded by many as introducing feminism into the novel form.
Breyten Breytenbach was jailed for his involvement with the guerrilla movement against apartheid. Andre Brink was the first Afrikaner writer to be banned by the government after he released the novel A Dry White Season.
Popular culture
The South African media sector is large, and South Africa is one of Africa's major media centres. While South Africa's many broadcasters and publications reflect the diversity of the population as a whole, the most commonly used language is English. However, all ten other official languages are represented to some extent or another.
There is great diversity in South African music. Black musicians have developed a unique style called Kwaito. Kwaito is said to have taken over radio, television, and magazines.[186] Of note is Brenda Fassie, who launched to fame with her song "Weekend Special", which was sung in English. More famous traditional musicians include Ladysmith Black Mambazo, while the Soweto String Quartet performs classic music with an African flavour. South Africa has produced world-famous jazz musicians, notably Hugh Masekela, Jonas Gwangwa, Abdullah Ibrahim, Miriam Makeba, Jonathan Butler, Chris McGregor, and Sathima Bea Benjamin. Afrikaans music covers multiple genres, such as the contemporary Steve Hofmeyr, the punk rock band Fokofpolisiekar and the singer-songwriter Jeremy Loops.
Although few South African film productions are known outside South Africa itself, many foreign films have been produced about South Africa. Arguably, the most high-profile film portraying South Africa in recent years was District 9. Other notable exceptions are the film Tsotsi, which won the Academy Award for Foreign Language Film at the 78th Academy Awards in 2006 as well as U-Carmen e-Khayelitsha, which won the Golden Bear at the 2005 Berlin International Film Festival. In 2015, Oliver Hermanus' film, The Endless River, became the first South African film selected for the Venice Film Festival.
Cuisine
Main article: South African cuisine




Meat on a traditional South African braai


South African culture is diverse; foods from many cultures are enjoyed by all and especially marketed to tourists who wish to sample the large variety of South African cuisine. In addition to food, music and dance feature prominently.[citation needed]
South African cuisine is heavily meat-based and has spawned the distinctively South African social gathering known as a braai, or barbecue. South Africa has also developed into a major wine producer, with some of the best vineyards lying in valleys around Stellenbosch, Franschhoek, Paarl and Barrydale.[187]
Sports
Main article: Sport in South Africa
South Africa's most popular sports are soccer, rugby and cricket.[188] Other sports with significant support are swimming, athletics, golf, boxing, tennis, ringball, and netball. Although soccer commands the greatest following among the youth, other sports like basketball, surfing and skateboarding are increasingly popular.
Soccer players who have played for major foreign clubs include Steven Pienaar, Lucas Radebe and Philemon Masinga, Benni McCarthy, Aaron Mokoena, and Delron Buckley. South Africa, hosted the 2010 FIFA World Cup, and FIFA president Sepp Blatter awarded South Africa a grade 9 out of 10 for successfully hosting the event. The 2010 FIFA World Cup also marked the first time the competition had been hosted on the African continent.[189]




The Springboks in a bus parade after winning the 2007 Rugby World Cup


Famous boxing personalities include Baby Jake Jacob Matlala, Vuyani Bungu, Welcome Ncita, Dingaan Thobela, Gerrie Coetzee and Brian Mitchell. Durban Surfer Jordy Smith won the 2010 Billabong J-Bay competition making him the #1 ranked surfer in the world. South Africa produced Formula One motor racing's 1979 world champion Jody Scheckter. Famous current cricket players include AB de Villiers, Hashim Amla, Dale Steyn, Vernon Philander, Faf du Plessis etc. Most of them also participate in the Indian Premier League.
South Africa has also produced numerous world class rugby players, including Francois Pienaar, Joost van der Westhuizen, Danie Craven, Frik du Preez, Naas Botha and Bryan Habana. South Africa hosted and won the 1995 Rugby World Cup and won the 2007 Rugby World Cup in France. It followed the 1995 Rugby World Cup by hosting the 1996 African Cup of Nations, with the national team going on to win the tournament. It also hosted the 2003 Cricket World Cup, the 2007 World Twenty20 Championship. South Africa has also won the inaugural edition of the 1998 ICC KnockOut Trophy by defeating West Indies in the final.South Africa team also went onto win the inaugural edition of the Blind Cricket World Cup in 1998.
In 2004, the swimming team of Roland Schoeman, Lyndon Ferns, Darian Townsend and Ryk Neethling won the gold medal at the Olympic Games in Athens, simultaneously breaking the world record in the 4x100 freestyle relay. Penny Heyns won Olympic Gold in the 1996 Atlanta Olympic Games. In 2012, Oscar Pistorius became the first double amputee sprinter to compete at the Olympic Games in London. In golf, Gary Player is generally regarded as one of the greatest golfers of all time, having won the Career Grand Slam, one of five golfers to have done so. Other South African golfers to have won major tournaments include Bobby Locke, Ernie Els, Retief Goosen, Tim Clark, Trevor Immelman, Louis Oosthuizen and Charl Schwartzel.
Education
Main article: Education in South Africa




Schoolchildren in Mitchell's Plain


The adult literacy rate in 2007 was 88.7%.[190] South Africa has a 3-tier system of education starting with primary school, followed by high school and tertiary education in the form of (academic) universities and universities of technology. Learners have twelve years of formal schooling, from Grades 1-12. Grade R is a pre-primary foundation year. [191] Primary schools span the first seven years of schooling.[192] High School education spans a further five years. The Senior Certificate examination takes place at the end of Grade 12 and is necessary for tertiary studies at a South African university.[191]
Public universities in South Africa are divided into three types: traditional universities, which offer theoretically-oriented university degrees; universities of technology ("Technikons"), which offer vocational oriented diplomas and degrees; and comprehensive universities, which offer both types of qualifications. There are 23 public universities in South Africa: 11 traditional universities, 6 universities of technology and 6 comprehensive universities.
Under apartheid, schools for Blacks were subject to discrimination through inadequate funding and a separate syllabus called Bantu Education which was only designed to give them sufficient skills to work as labourers.[193] In 2004, South Africa started reforming its higher education system, merging and incorporating smaller universities into larger institutions, and renaming all higher education institutions "university" to redress these imbalances. By 2015, 1,400,000 students in higher education have benefited from a financial aid scheme which was promulgated in 1999.[194]
Public expenditure on education was at 5.4% of the 2002–05 GDP.[195]
Health
Main article: Health in South Africa




AIDS has caused a fall in life expectancy.


According to the South African Institute of Race Relations, the life expectancy in 2009 was 71 years for a White South African and 48 years for a Black South African.[196] The healthcare spending in the country is about 9% of GDP.[197]
Only 16% of the population is covered by medical schemes.[198] About 20% use private healthcare.[199] The rest pay "out of pocket" or through hospital cash plans.[199] The three dominant hospital groups, Mediclinic, Life Healthcare and Netcare, together control 75% of the market.[199] About 84% of the population depend on the public healthcare system,[197] which is beset with chronic human resource shortages and limited resources.[200]
South Africa is home to the third-largest hospital in the world, the Chris Hani Baragwanath Hospital.[201]
HIV/AIDS
Main article: HIV/AIDS in South Africa
According to the 2015 UNAIDS Report, South Africa has an estimated 7,000,000 people living with HIV– more than any other country in the world.[202] A 2008 study revealed that HIV/AIDS infection in South Africa is distinctly divided along racial lines: 13.6% of Blacks are HIV-positive, whereas only 0.3% of Whites have the disease.[203] Most deaths are experienced by economically active individuals, resulting in many AIDS orphans who in many cases depend on the state for care and financial support.[204] It is estimated that there are 1,200,000 orphaned children in South Africa.[204]
The link between HIV, a virus spread primarily by sexual contact, and AIDS was long denied by prior president Thabo Mbeki and then health minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang, who insisted that the many deaths in the country are due to malnutrition, and hence poverty, and not HIV.[205] In 2007, in response to international pressure, the government made efforts to fight AIDS.[206] After the 2009 general election, President Jacob Zuma appointed Dr Aaron Motsoaledi as the new minister and committed his government to increasing funding for and widening the scope of AIDS treatment.[207]
See also


South Africa portal







Book: South Africa





Index of South Africa-related articles
Outline of South Africa


Notes



^ The Khoi, Nama and San languages, South African Sign Language, German, Greek, Gujarati, Hindi, Portuguese, Telugu, Tamil, Urdu, Arabic, Hebrew, Sanskrit and "other languages used for religious purposes in South Africa" have a special status (Chapter 1, Article 6 of the South African Constitution).



References


^ "The Constitution". Constitutional Court of South Africa. Retrieved 3 September 2009. 
^ "Principal Agglomerations of the World". Citypopulation.de. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ Mid-year population estimates 2014. Statistics South Africa
^ a b "Mid-year population estimates 2015" (PDF). Statistics South Africa. Retrieved 11 August 2015. 
^ a b c Census 2011: Census in brief (PDF). Pretoria: Statistics South Africa. 2012. ISBN 9780621413885. Retrieved 12 January 2013. [permanent dead link]
^ a b c d e "South Africa". International Monetary Fund. Retrieved 26 April 2015. 
^ "Gini Index". World Bank. Retrieved 2 March 2011. 
^ "2015 Human Development Report" (PDF). United Nations Development Programme. 2015. Retrieved 15 December 2015. 
^ "South African Maritime Safety Authority". South African Maritime Safety Authority. Retrieved 16 June 2008. 
^ "Coastline". The World Factbook. CIA. Retrieved 16 June 2008. 
^ a b c d "South Africa Fast Facts". SouthAfrica.info. April 2007. Retrieved 14 June 2008. 
^ Guy Arnold. "Lesotho: Year In Review 1996 – Britannica Online Encyclopedia". Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Rainbow Nation – dream or reality?". BBC News. 18 July 2008. Retrieved 10 August 2013. 
^ "South Africa". World Bank. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ David Waugh (2000). "Manufacturing industries (chapter 19), World development (chapter 22)". Geography: An Integrated Approach. Nelson Thornes. pp. 563, 576–579, 633, 640. ISBN 978-0-17-444706-1. Retrieved 24 August 2013. 
^ "South Africa's Unemployment Rate Increases to 23.5%". Bloomberg. 5 May 2009. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ "HDI" (PDF). UNDP. Archived from the original (PDF) on 19 December 2008. 
^ Cooper, Andrew F; Antkiewicz, Agata; Shaw, Timothy M (10 December 2007). "Lessons from/for BRICSAM about South-North Relations at the Start of the 21st Century: Economic Size Trumps All Else?". International Studies Review. 9 (4): 675, 687. doi:10.1111/j.1468-2486.2007.00730.x. 
^ David A. Lynch (2010). Trade and Globalization: An Introduction to Regional Trade Agreements. Rowman & Littlefield. p. 51. ISBN 978-0-7425-6689-7. Retrieved 25 August 2013. Southern Africa is home to the other of sub-Saharan Africa's regional powers: South Africa. South Africa is more than just a regional power; it is currently the most developed and economically powerful country in Africa, and now it is able to use that influence in Africa more than during the days of apartheid, when it was ostracised. 
^ Livermon, Xavier (2008). "Sounds in the City". In Nuttall, Sarah; Mbembé, Achille. Johannesburg: The Elusive Metropolis. Durham: Duke University Press. p. 283. ISBN 9780822381211. Mzansi is another black urban vernacular term popular with the youth and standing for South Africa. 
^ "Mzansi DiToloki". Deaf Federation of South Africa. Archived from the original on 16 January 2014. Retrieved 15 January 2014. uMzantsi in Xhosa means 'south', Mzansi means this country, South Africa 
^ Taylor, Darren. "South African Party Says Call Their Country ‘Azania’". VOA. Retrieved 18 February 2017. 
^ Wymer, John; Singer, R (1982). The Middle Stone Age at Klasies River Mouth in South Africa. Chicago: University of Chicago Press. ISBN 0-226-76103-7. 
^ Deacon, HJ (2001). "Guide to Klasies River" (PDF). Stellenbosch University. p. 11. Retrieved 5 September 2009. 
^ "Fossil Hominid Sites of Sterkfontein, Swartkrans, Kromdraai, and Environs". 
^ Stephen P. Broker. "Hominid Evolution". Yale-New Haven Teachers Institute. Retrieved 19 June 2008. 
^ Langer, William L., ed. (1972). An Encyclopedia of World History (5th ed.). Boston, MA: Houghton Mifflin Company. p. 9. ISBN 0-395-13592-3. 
^ Domville-Fife, C.W. (1900). The encyclopedia of the British Empire the first encyclopedic record of the greatest empire in the history of the world ed. London: Rankin. p. 25. 
^ Mackenzie, W. Douglas; Stead, Alfred (1899). South Africa: Its History, Heroes, and Wars. Chicago: The Co-Operative Publishing Company. 
^ Pakeman, SA. Nations of the Modern World: Ceylon (1964 ed.). Frederick A Praeger, Publishers. pp. 18–19. ASIN B0000CM2VW. 
^ a b c Alexander Wilmot & John Centlivres Chase. History of the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope: From Its Discovery to the Year 1819 (2010 ed.). Claremont: David Philip (Pty) Ltd. pp. 1–548. ISBN 978-1144830159. 
^ Kaplan, Irving. Area Handbook for the Republic of South Africa (PDF). pp. 46–771. 
^ "African History Timeline". West Chester University of Pennsylvania. 
^ a b Hunt, John (2005). Campbell, Heather-Ann, ed. Dutch South Africa: Early Settlers at the Cape, 1652-1708. Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press. pp. 13–35. ISBN 978-1904744955. 
^ Worden, Nigel. Slavery in Dutch South Africa (2010 ed.). Cambridge University Press. pp. 40–43. ISBN 978-0521152662. 
^ a b Nelson, Harold. Zimbabwe: A Country Study. pp. 237–317. 
^ a b c d e Stapleton, Timothy (2010). A Military History of South Africa: From the Dutch-Khoi Wars to the End of Apartheid. Santa Barbara: Praeger Security International. pp. 4–6. ISBN 978-0313365898. 
^ Keegan, Timothy. Colonial South Africa and the Origins of the Racial Order (1996 ed.). David Philip Publishers (Pty) Ltd. pp. 85–86. ISBN 978-0813917351. 
^ a b c Lloyd, Trevor Owen (1997). The British Empire, 1558-1995. Oxford: Oxford University Press. pp. 201–203. ISBN 978-0198731337. 
^ "Shaka: Zulu Chieftain". Historynet.com. Archived from the original on 9 February 2008. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Shaka (Zulu chief)". Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ W. D. Rubinstein (2004). Genocide: A History. Pearson Longman. p. 22. ISBN 978-0-582-50601-5. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Williams, Garner F (1905). The Diamond Mines of South Africa, Vol II. New York: B. F Buck & Co. pp. Chapter XX. 
^ Bond, Patrick (1999). Cities of gold, townships of coal: essays on South Africa's new urban crisis. Africa World Press. p. 140. ISBN 978-0-86543-611-4. 
^ Cape of Good Hope (South Africa). Parliament House. (1906). "Report of the Select Committee on Location Act". Cape Times Limited. Retrieved 30 July 2009. 
^ Godley, Godfrey Archibald, Welsh, William Thomson, Hemsworth, H. D (1920). "Report of the Inter-departmental committee on the native pass laws". Cape Times Limited, government printers: 2. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Great Britain Colonial Office; Transvaal (Colony). Governor (1901–1905: Milner) (January 1902). "Papers relating to legislation affecting natives in the Transvaal". His Majesty's Stationery Office. 
^ De Villiers, John Abraham Jacob (1896). The Transvaal. London: Chatto & Windus. pp. 30 (n46). Retrieved 30 July 2009. 
^  Cana, Frank Richardson (1911). "South Africa". In Chisholm, Hugh. Encyclopædia Britannica. 25 (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press. p. 467. 
^ "Native Land Act". South African Institute of Race Relations. 19 June 1913. Archived from the original on 14 October 2010. 
^ Beinart, William (2001). Twentieth-century South Africa. Oxford University Press. p. 202. ISBN 978-0-19-289318-5.
^ "Hendrik Frensch Verwoerd". South African History Online. Retrieved 9 March 2013. On 5 October 1960 a referendum was held in which White voters were asked "Do you support a republic for the Union?" — 52 percent voted 'Yes'. 
^ Gibson, Nigel; Alexander, Amanda; Mngxitama, Andile (2008). Biko Lives! Contesting the Legacies of Steve Biko. Hampshire: Palgrave Macmillan. p. 138. ISBN 978-0230606494. 
^ Switzer, Les (2000). South Africa's Resistance Press: Alternative Voices in the Last Generation Under Apartheid. Issue 74 of Research in international studies: Africa series. Ohio University Press. p. 2. ISBN 9780896802131. 
^ Mitchell, Thomas (2008). Native vs Settler: Ethnic Conflict in Israel/Palestine, Northern Ireland and South Africa. Westport: Greenwood Publishing Group. pp. 194–196. ISBN 978-0313313578. 
^ Bridgland, Fred (1990). The War for Africa: Twelve months that transformed a continent. Gibraltar: Ashanti Publishing. p. 32. ISBN 978-1-874800-12-5. 
^ Landgren, Signe. Embargo Disimplemented: South Africa's Military Industry (1989 ed.). Oxford University Press. pp. 6–10. ISBN 978-0-19-829127-5. 
^ "South Africa Profile". Nti.org. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ John Pike. "Nuclear Weapons Program (South Africa)". Globalsecurity.org. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ a b c "Post-Apartheid South Africa: the First Ten Years – Unemployment and the Labor Market" (PDF). IMF. 
^ "Zuma surprised at level of white poverty — Mail & Guardian Online: The smart news source". Mail & Guardian. 18 April 2008. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ "South Africa". Human Development Report. United Nations Development Programme. 2006. Archived from the original on 29 November 2007. Retrieved 28 November 2007. 
^ "Ridicule succeeds where leadership failed on AIDS". South African Institute of Race Relations. 10 November 2006. Archived from the original on 24 May 2016. 
^ a b "Broke-on-Broke Violence". Retrieved 6 July 2011. 
^ "COHRE statement on Xenophobic Attacks". Retrieved 6 July 2011. 
^ Southern African Migration Project; Institute for Democracy in South Africa; Queen's University (2008). Jonathan Crush, ed. The perfect storm: the realities of xenophobia in contemporary South Africa (PDF). Idasa. p. 1. ISBN 978-1-920118-71-6. Archived from the original (PDF) on 30 July 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ a b c d United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. "UNHCR Global Appeal 2011 – South Africa". UNHCR. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Country Comparison". World Factbook. CIA. 
^ McCarthy, T. & Rubidge, B. (2005). The story of earth and life. p. 263, 267-268. Struik Publishers, Cape Town.
^ a b c d Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 13. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ Encyclopædia Britannica (1975); Micropaedia Vol. III, p. 655. Helen Hemingway Benton Publishers, Chicago.
^ Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 186. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ "Kruger National Park". Africa.com. Archived from the original on 18 December 2014. Retrieved 16 December 2014. 
^ Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 151. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ McCarthy, T. & Rubidge, B. (2005). The story of earth and life. p. 194. Struik Publishers, Cape Town.
^ a b Geological map of South Africa, Lesotho and Swaziland (1970). Council for Geoscience, Geological Survey of South Africa.
^ Encyclopædia Britannica (1975); Micropaedia Vol. VI, p. 750. Helen Hemingway Benton Publishers, Chicago.
^ a b Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 19. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 113. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ "South Africa's geography — SouthAfrica.info". Safrica.info. Archived from the original on 8 June 2010. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ South Africa yearbook. South African Communication Service. 1997. p. 3. 
^ "List of Parties". Retrieved 8 December 2012. 
^ a b "South Africa's National Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plan" (PDF). Retrieved 10 December 2012. 
^ "Biodiversity of the world by countries". Institutoaqualung.com.br. Archived from the original on 1 November 2010. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ Rong, I. H.; Baxter, A. P. (2006). "The South African National Collection of Fungi: Celebrating a centenary 1905-2005". Studies in Mycology. 55: 1–12. PMC 2104721 . PMID 18490968. doi:10.3114/sim.55.1.1. 
^ Crous, P. W.; Rong, I. H.; Wood, A.; Lee, S.; Glen, H.; Botha, W. l; Slippers, B.; De Beer, W. Z.; Wingfield, M. J.; Hawksworth, D. L. (2006). "How many species of fungi are there at the tip of Africa?". Studies in Mycology. 55: 13–33. PMC 2104731 . PMID 18490969. doi:10.3114/sim.55.1.13. 
^ Marincowitz, S.; Crous, P.W.; Groenewald J.Z. & Wingfield, M.J. (2008). "Microfungi occurring on Proteaceae in the fynbos. CBS Biodiversity Series 7." (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 29 July 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Marco Lambertini. "The Flora / The Richest Botany in the World". A Anturalist's Guide to the Tropics (Revised edition (May 15, 2000) ed.). University Of Chicago Press. p. 46. ISBN 978-0226468280.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Plants and Vegetation in South Africa". Southafrica-travel.net. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ Environmental Affairs (22 January 2015). "Progress in the war against poaching". Environmental Affairs. South Africa. Retrieved 22 January 2015. 
^ "South African National Biodiversity Institute". Sanbi.org. 30 September 2011. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Term Limits in Africa". The Economist. 6 April 2006. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Chapter 4 – Parliament". 19 August 2009. Archived from the original on 30 May 2013. Retrieved 3 August 2013. 
^ Abahlali baseMjondolo. "Mercury: Rethinking the crisis of local democracy". Abahlali.org. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ J. Duncan (31 May 2010). "The Return of State Repression". South African Civil Society Information Services. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Increasing police repression highlighted by recent case". Freedom of Expression Institute. 2006. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Imraan Buccus (2011). "Political tolerance on the wane in South Africa". SA Reconciliation Barometer. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "South Africa's recent performance in the Ibrahim Index of African Governance". Mo Ibrahim Foundation. Archived from the original on 18 February 2013. Retrieved 16 February 2013. 
^ "SA marriage law signed". BBC News. 30 November 2006. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Pamela Snyman & Amanda Barratt (2 October 2002). "Researching South African Law". w/ Library Resource Xchange. Archived from the original on 17 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ "How dangerous is South Africa?". BBC News. 17 May 2010. 
^ http://mg.co.za/article/2014-09-22-factsheet-south-africas-official-crime-stats-unpacked/
^ K Landman. "Gated communities in South Africa: Comparison of four case studies in Gauteng" (PDF). Wits University. Retrieved 5 March 2013. [permanent dead link]
^ "South Africa has world's largest private security industry; needs regulation – Mthethwa". DefenceWeb. Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ "Bigger than the army: South Africa's private security forces". CNN. 8 February 2013. Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ "Afrikaner Farmers Migrating to Georgia". VOA. 14 September 2011. Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ Adriana Stuijt (17 February 2009). "Two more S. African farmers killed: death toll now at 3,037". Digital Journal. Archived from the original on 20 May 2011. Retrieved 24 May 2011. 
^ "SOUTH AFRICA: One in four men rape". IRIN. 18 June 2009. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "South Africa's corrective rape". Time. 8 March 2011. Retrieved 12 July 2011. 
^ "South African rape survey shock". BBC News. 18 June 2009. Retrieved 23 May 2010. 
^ "South Africa's rape shock". BBC News. 19 January 1999. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ a b "Child rape in South Africa". Medscape. Retrieved 31 December 2010. 
^ Perry, Alex (5 November 2007). "Oprah scandal rocks South Africa". Time. Retrieved 15 May 2011. 
^ Rosalind Rosenberg (Summer 2001). "Virginia Gildersleeve: Opening the Gates (Living Legacies)". Columbia Magazine. 
^ Schlesinger, Stephen E. (2004). Act of Creation: The Founding of the United Nations: A Story of Superpowers, Secret Agents, Wartime Allies and Enemies, and Their Quest for a Peaceful World. Cambridge, Massachusetts: Westview, Perseus Books Group. pp. 236–7. ISBN 0-8133-3275-3. 
^ "China, South Africa upgrade relations to "comprehensive strategic partnership"". Capetown.china-consulate.org. 25 August 2010. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "New era as South Africa joins BRICS". Southafrica.info. 11 April 2011. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "SA brings 'unique attributes' to BRICS". Southafrica.info. 14 April 2011. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ a b "Constitution of the Republic of South Africa Act 200 of 1993 (Section 224)". South African Government. 1993. Archived from the original on 12 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ Col L B van Stade, Senior Staff Officer Rationalisation, SANDF (1997). "Rationalisation in the SANDF: The Next Challenge". Institute for Security Studies. Archived from the original on 16 March 2016. Retrieved 23 June 2008. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "Defence Act 42 of 2002" (PDF). South African Government. 12 February 2003. p. 18. Archived from the original (PDF) on 24 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ a b c Mosiuoa Lekota (5 September 2005). "Address by the Minister of Defence at a media breakfast at Defence Headquarters, Pretoria". Department of Defence. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ a b Lieutenant Colonel Roy E. Horton III (BS, Electrical Engineering; MS, Strategic Intelligence) (October 1999). "Out of (South) Africa: Pretoria's Nuclear Weapons Experience". USAF Institute for National Security Studies. Retrieved 23 June 2008. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ a b c Educational Foundation for Nuclear Science, Inc. (May 1993). "South Africa comes clean". Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists. Educational Foundation for Nuclear Science, Inc. pp. 3–4. ISSN 0096-3402. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Christine Dodson (22 October 1979). "South Atlantic Nuclear Event (National Security Council, Memorandum)" (PDF). George Washington University under Freedom of Information Act Request. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ Stats in Brief, 2010 (PDF). Pretoria: Statistics South Africa. 2010. p. 3. ISBN 978-0-621-39563-1. 
^ "Inequality in income or expenditure / Gini index, Human Development Report 2007/08". Hdrstats.undp.org. 4 November 2010. Archived from the original on 16 January 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Distribution of family income – Gini index". Cia.gov. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "South Africa has highest gap between rich and poor". Business Report. 28 September 2009. Archived from the original on 23 October 2011. Retrieved 7 November 2010. 
^ "South Africa's economy: How it could do even better.". The Economist. 22 July 2010. Retrieved 17 October 2011. 
^ "DEPWeb: Beyond Economic Growth". The World Bank Group. Retrieved 17 October 2011. 
^ a b "Economic Assessment of South Africa 2008: Achieving Accelerated and Shared Growth for South Africa". OECD. Archived from the original on 9 August 2009. 
^ "Commanding Plights." The Economist 29 August 2015: 37-38. Print.
^ "SA Economic Research – Tourism Update" (PDF). m/ Investec. October 2005. Archived from the original (PDF) on 24 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ Solomon, Hussein (1996). "Strategic Perspectives on Illegal Immigration into South Africa". African Security Review. 5 (4): 3. doi:10.1080/10246029.1996.9627681. Archived from the original on 19 October 2005. 
^ Mattes, Robert; Crush, Jonathan & Richmond, Wayne. "The Brain Gain: Skilled Migrants and Immigration Policy in Post-Apartheid South Africa". Southern African Migration Project, Queens College, Canada. Archived from the original on 25 November 2005. 
^ a b "South Africa". The World Factbook. CIA. 
^ Unequal protection the state response to violent crime on South African farms. Human Rights Watch. 2001. ISBN 1-56432-263-7. 
^ Mohamed, Najma (2000). "Greening Land and Agrarian Reform: A Case for Sustainable Agriculture". In Ben Cousins. At the Crossroads: Land and Agrarian Reform in South Africa Into the 21st Century. Programme for Land and Agrarian Studies (PLAAS). ISBN 978-1-86808-467-8. 
^ "African Countries of the Future 2013/14". fDiIntelligence.com. Retrieved 4 December 2013. 
^ Neva Makgetla (31 March 2010). "Inequality on scale found in SA bites like acid". Business Day. South Africa. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Black middle class boosts car sales in South Africa – Business – Mail & Guardian Online". Mail & Guardian. 15 January 2006. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Economic Assessment of South Africa 2008". OECD. Archived from the original on 23 April 2009. 
^ Collier, P. (3 December 2004). "World Bank, IMF study 2004". Journal of African Economies. Jae.oxfordjournals.org. 13: ii15. doi:10.1093/jae/ejh042. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ "Health Personnel in Southern Africa: Confronting maldistribution and brain drain" (PDF). Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ Haroon Bhorat; et al. (2002). "Skilled Labour Migration from Developing Countries: Study on South and Southern Africa" (PDF). International Labour Office. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "South Africa's brain-drain generation returning home". CNN World. 22 April 2009. Archived from the original on 16 December 2010. Retrieved 4 June 2011. 
^ "South Africa's brain drain reversing". Times Live. Retrieved 4 June 2011. 
^ "Graduates confident about SA". Times Live. Retrieved 4 June 2011. 
^ "SKA announces Founding Board and selects Jodrell Bank Observatory to host Project Office". SKA 2011. 2 April 2011. Retrieved 14 April 2011. 
^ "Africa and Australasia to share Square Kilometre Array". BBC. 25 May 2012. 
^ a b WHO/UNICEF:Joint Monitoring Programme for Water Supply and Sanitation:Data table South Africa Archived 9 February 2014 at the Wayback Machine., 2010. Retrieved 3 November 2012
^ ""Most progressive water utility in Africa" wins 2014Stockholm Industry Water Award". Stockholm International Water Institute (SIWI). Retrieved 8 June 2014. 
^ "Anti-immigrant violence spreads in South Africa, with attacks reported in Cape Town – The New York Times". International Herald Tribune. 23 May 2008. Archived from the original on 21 February 2009. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Escape From Mugabe: Zimbabwe's Exodus". Archived from the original on 24 January 2016. 
^ "More illegals set to flood SA". Fin24. Archived from the original on 14 February 2009. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "South African mob kills migrants". BBC. 12 May 2008. Retrieved 19 May 2008. 
^ Barry Bearak (23 May 2008). "Immigrants Fleeing Fury of South African Mobs". The New York Times. Retrieved 5 August 2008. 
^ Lehohla, Pali (5 May 2005). "Debate over race and censuses not peculiar to SA". Business Report. Archived from the original on 14 August 2007. Retrieved 25 August 2013. Others pointed out that the repeal of the Population Registration Act in 1991 removed any legal basis for specifying "race". The Identification Act of 1997 makes no mention of race. On the other hand, the Employment Equity Act speaks of "designated groups" being "black people, women and people with disabilities". The Act defines "Black" as referring to "Africans, coloureds and Indians". Apartheid and the racial identification which underpinned it explicitly linked race with differential access to resources and power. If the post-apartheid order was committed to remedying this, race would have to be included in surveys and censuses, so that progress in eradicating the consequences of apartheid could be measured and monitored. This was the reasoning that led to a "self-identifying" question about "race" or "population group" in both the 1996 and 2001 censuses, and in Statistics SA's household survey programme. 
^ Study Commission on U.S. Policy toward Southern Africa (U.S.) (1981). South Africa: time running out: the report of the Study Commission on U.S. Policy Toward Southern Africa. University of California Press. p. 42. ISBN 0-520-04547-5. 
^ a b c "World Refugee Survey 2008". U.S. Committee for Refugees and Immigrants. 19 June 2008. Archived from the original on 19 October 2014. 
^ "Constitution of South Africa, Chapter 1, Section 6". Fs.gov.za. Archived from the original on 13 November 2012. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ a b Census 2011: Census in brief (PDF). Pretoria: Statistics South Africa. 2012. pp. 23–25. ISBN 9780621413885. [permanent dead link]
^ "The languages of South Africa". SouthAfrica.info. 4 February 1997. Retrieved 7 November 2010. 
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ a b "South Africa – Section I. Religious Demography". U.S. Department of State. Retrieved 15 July 2006. 
^ Wessel Bentley; Dion Angus Forster (2008). "God's mission in our context, healing and transforming responses". Methodism in Southern Africa: A Celebration of Wesleyan Mission. AcadSA. pp. 97–98. ISBN 978-1-920212-29-2. 
^ van Wyk, Ben-Erik and van Oudtshoorn, Gericke N (1999). Medicinal Plants of South Africa. Pretoria: Briza Publications. p. 10. ISBN 978-1-875093-37-3. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "South Africa". State.gov. 15 September 2006. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ a b "In South Africa, many blacks convert to Islam / The Christian Science Monitor". The Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Muslims say their faith growing fast in Africa". Religionnewsblog.com. Retrieved 7 November 2010. 
^ Rebecca Weiner, Rebecca Weiner, ed. (2010), South African Jewish History and Information (PDF), Jewish Virtual Library, retrieved 13 August 2010 
^ "Black middle class explodes". FIN24. 22 May 2007. Archived from the original on 22 August 2007. 
^ "History of Scouting in South Africa". History of Scouting in South Africa. South African Scout Association. 2006. Retrieved 30 November 2006. 
^ Radford, Tim (16 April 2004). "World's Oldest Jewellery Found in Cave". London: Buzzle.com. Retrieved 16 April 2011. 
^ "The Nobel Prize in Literature: John Maxwell Coetzee". Swedish Academy. 2 October 2003. Retrieved 2 August 2009. 
^ "South African music after Apartheid: kwaito, the "party politic," and the appropriation of gold as a sign of success". Archived from the original on 13 June 2013. 
^ "South African Wine Guide: Stellenbosch, Constantia, Walker Bay and more". Thewinedoctor.com. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Sport in South Africa". SouthAfrica.info. Retrieved 28 June 2010. 
^ Cooper, Billy (12 July 2010). "South Africa gets 9/10 for World Cup". Mail & Guardian. Archived from the original on 15 July 2010. Retrieved 9 September 2010. 
^ "National adult literacy rates (15+), youth literacy rates (15–24) and elderly literacy rates (65+)". UNESCO Institute for Statistics. 
^ a b "A parent's guide to schooling". Retrieved 31 August 2010. 
^ "Education in South Africa". SouthAfrica.info. Archived from the original on 17 June 2010. Retrieved 20 June 2010. 
^ "Bantu Education". Overcoming Apartheid. Retrieved 20 June 2010. 
^ Cele, S'thembile; Masondo, Sipho (18 January 2015). "Shocking cost of SA’s universities". fin24.com. City Press. Retrieved 19 January 2015. 
^ "Human Development Report 2009 – South Africa". Hdrstats.undp.org. Archived from the original on 15 April 2010. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ Peoples Budget Coalition Comments on the 2011/12 Budget Archived 16 May 2012 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b "‘Clinic-in-a-Box’ seeks to improve South African healthcare". SmartPlanet. Archived from the original on 30 July 2013. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ "What does the demand for healthcare look like in SA?" (PDF). Mediclinic Southern Africa. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2 October 2013. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ a b c "Motsoaledi to reform private health care". Financial Mail. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ "South Africa". ICAP at Columbia University. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ http://www.therichest.com/rich-list/nation/the-biggest-hospitals-in-the-world/
^ "HIV and AIDS estimates (2015)". 
^ "South Africa HIV & AIDS Statistics". AVERT.org. Retrieved 6 May 2013. 
^ a b "AIDS orphans". Avert. Retrieved 8 October 2006. 
^ "Sack SA Health Minister – world's AIDS experts". afrol News. Retrieved 8 October 2006. 
^ "Situation Analysis. HIV & AIDS and STI Strategic Plan 2007–2011" (PDF). info.gov.za. Archived from the original (PDF) on 30 May 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Zuma announces AIDS reforms". UNPAN. Retrieved 9 March 2010. 


Further reading


A History of South Africa, Third Edition. Leonard Thompson. Yale University Press. 1 March 2001. 384 pages. ISBN 0-300-08776-4.
Economic Analysis and Policy Formulation for Post-Apartheid South Africa: Mission Report, Aug. 1991. International Development Research Centre. IDRC Canada, 1991. vi, 46 p. Without ISBN
Emerging Johannesburg: Perspectives on the Postapartheid City. Richard Tomlinson, et al. 1 January 2003. 336 pages. ISBN 0-415-93559-8.
Making of Modern South Africa: Conquest, Segregation and Apartheid. Nigel Worden. 1 July 2000. 194 pages. ISBN 0-631-21661-8.
South Africa: A Narrative History. Frank Welsh. Kodansha America. 1 February 1999. 606 pages. ISBN 1-56836-258-7.
South Africa in Contemporary Times. Godfrey Mwakikagile. New Africa Press. February 2008. 260 pages. ISBN 978-0-9802587-3-8.
The Atlas of Changing South Africa. A. J. Christopher. 1 October 2000. 216 pages. ISBN 0-415-21178-6.
The Politics of the New South Africa. Heather Deegan. 28 December 2000. 256 pages. ISBN 0-582-38227-0.
Twentieth-Century South Africa. William Beinart Oxford University Press 2001, 414 pages, ISBN 0-19-289318-1


External links



Wikimedia Commons has media related to South Africa.





Wikivoyage has a travel guide for South Africa.



Find more aboutSouth Africaat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Travel guide from Wikivoyage
Learning resources from Wikiversity



Government of South Africa
"South Africa". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. 
South Africa from UCB Libraries GovPubs
South Africa from the BBC News
 Wikimedia Atlas of South Africa







v
t
e


South Africa articles



History





Timeline
(years)




Early history
Cape Colony
Orange Free State
Transvaal
First Boer War
Second Boer War
Great Depression
World War II
Apartheid
Border War
Since 1994





By topic



Economic
Military








Geography







Districts
Earthquakes
Estuaries
Forests
Islands
Lakes
Mountain ranges
Municipalities
National parks
Populated places
Provinces
Rivers
Wildlife








Politics











Constitution
Courts
Elections
Foreign relations
Government
Human rights
Law
Parliament
Political parties
President






State security
and intelligence




Minister
Co-ordinating committee (NICC)
Intelligence agency (NIA)
Communications centre (NCC)
Communications security (COMSEC)
Secret Service (SASS)
Intelligence academy (SANAI)





Law enforcement



Department of Police
Police Service

Criminal intelligence (SAPS)
Special Task Force
National Intervention Unit
NFDD


Municipal Police
Independent Complaints Directorate
Department of Correctional Services
Biometrics use








Military



Department of Defence
Defence Force
Air Force
Army
Navy
Military Health Service
Special Forces
Commando System
Intelligence








Economy







Agriculture
Communications
Economic history
Energy
Foreign trade
Mining industry
Rand (currency)
Stock exchange
Taxation
Tourism
Trade unions
Transportation
Water and sanitation








Society







Crime
Education
Feminism
Health
Healthcare
Immigration
Intersex
Languages
LGBT
Racism
Religion
Sexual violence
Social movements
Xenophobia





Culture



Architecture
Art
Cinema
Cuisine
Flag
HIV/AIDS
Homelessness
Literature
Media
Music
Public holidays
Sports





Demographics



Asian

Indian
Chinese


Bantu

Ndebele
Pedi
Sotho
Swazi
Tsonga
Tswana
Venda
Xhosa
Zulu


Coloured

Cape Coloured
Cape Malay
Griqua


Khoisan
White

Afrikaner
British














Outline
Index



Category
Portal












v
t
e


Countries and territories of Africa



Sovereign states




entirely
in Africa



Algeria
Angola
Benin
Botswana
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Comoros
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Republic of the Congo
Djibouti
Egypt
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Ethiopia
Gabon
The Gambia
Ghana
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Ivory Coast (Côte d'Ivoire)
Kenya
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Madagascar
Malawi
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Niger
Nigeria
Rwanda
São Tomé and Príncipe
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Somalia
South Africa
South Sudan
Sudan
Swaziland
Tanzania
Togo
Tunisia
Uganda
Zambia
Zimbabwe





partly
in Africa



France

Mayotte
Réunion


Italy

Pantelleria
Pelagie Islands


Portugal

Madeira


Spain

Canary Islands
Ceuta
Melilla
Plazas de soberanía


Yemen

Socotra














Territories and
dependencies




Îles Éparses

France


Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha

UK


Southern Provinces (Western Sahara)1






States with limited
recognition




Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic
Somaliland






1 Unclear sovereignty.








Links to related articles











v
t
e


Group of Eight (G8) and Group of Eight + Five (G8+5)



G8 members



 Canada
 France
 Germany
 Italy
 Japan
 Russia
 United Kingdom
 United States





Representative



 European Union





G8+5



 Brazil
 China
 India
 Mexico
 South Africa





See also



Group of Six
Group of Seven
G7+1












v
t
e


G20 major economies






 Argentina
 Australia
 Brazil
 Canada
 China
 European Union
 France
 Germany
 India
 Indonesia
 Italy
 Japan
 Mexico
 Russia
 Saudi Arabia
 South Africa
 Republic of Korea
 Turkey
 United Kingdom
 United States












v
t
e


BRICS



Membership



 Brazil
 Russia
 India
 China
 South Africa





Summits



Yekaterinburg 2009
Brasília 2010
Sanya 2011
New Delhi 2012
Durban 2013
Fortaleza 2014
Ufa 2015
Goa 2016
Xiamen 2017





Bilateral relations



Brazil–China
Brazil–India
Brazil–Russia
Brazil–South Africa
China–India
China–Russia
China–South Africa
India–Russia
India–South Africa
Russia–South Africa





Leaders



 Temer
 Putin
 Modi
 Xi
 Zuma





Related



New Development Bank
BRICS Contingent Reserve Arrangement
BRICS Leaders
BRICS Cable
BRICS Universities League





BRICS U-17 Football Cup



2016 Goa












v
t
e


World Trade Organization



System



Accession and membership
Appellate Body
Dispute Settlement Body
International Trade Centre
Chronology of key events





Issues



Criticism
Doha Development Round
Singapore issues
Quota Elimination
Peace Clause





Agreements



General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
Agriculture
Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures
Technical Barriers to Trade
Trade Related Investment Measures
Trade in Services
Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights
Government Procurement
Information Technology
Marrakech Agreement
Doha Declaration
Bali Package





Ministerial
Conferences



1st (1996)
2nd (1998)
3rd (1999)
4th (2001)
5th (2003)
6th (2005)
7th (2009)
8th (2011)
9th (2013)
10th (2015)





People



Roberto Azevêdo (Director-General)
Pascal Lamy (former Director-General)
Supachai Panitchpakdi (former Director-General)
Deputy Directors-General:

Yonov Frederick Agah
Karl Brauner
David Shark
Yi Xiaozhun

former: Alejandro Jara
Valentine Rugwabiza
Harsha Singh
Rufus Yerxa









Members



Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
Angola
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belize
Benin
Bolivia
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Republic of the Congo
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Cuba
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
European Union¹
Fiji
Gabon
The Gambia
Georgia
Ghana
Grenada
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong²
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Israel
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
South Korea
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Lesotho
Liberia
Liechtenstein
Macau²
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Moldova
Mongolia
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nepal
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Qatar
Russia
Rwanda
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Suriname
Swaziland
Switzerland
Tajikistan
Taiwan³
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe


1. All twenty-eight member states of the European Union are also members of the WTO in their own right:

Austria
Belgium
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malta
Netherlands
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom


2. Special administrative regions of the People's Republic of China, participates as "Hong Kong, China" and "Macao China".
3. Officially the Republic of China, participates as "Separate Customs Territory of Taiwan, Penghu, Kinmen and Matsu", and "Chinese Taipei" in short.











v
t
e


Southern African Development Community (SADC)



Member states



Angola
Botswana
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Lesotho
Madagascar
Malawi
Mauritius
Mozambique
Namibia
Seychelles
South Africa
Swaziland
Tanzania
Zambia
Zimbabwe





Leaders




Chairpersons



Levy Mwanawasa
Kgalema Motlanthe





Secretaries-General



Kaire Mbuende
Prega Ramsamy
Tomaz Salomão








See also



Southern African Development Coordination Conference (forerunner)
Southern African Customs Union (SACU)
Common Monetary Area (CMA)
Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA)












v
t
e


African Union (AU)



History







Pan-Africanism
Casablanca Group
Monrovia Group
Abuja Treaty
Sirte Declaration
Lome Summit





Organisation of African Unity



Chairperson
Secretary General











Geography



Borders
Extreme points
Member states
Regions





Organs







Executive Council
Permanent Representatives' Committee
Specialized Technical Committees





Assembly



Chairperson





Commission



Chairperson
Deputy Chairperson
AUCC





Pan-African Parliament



Bureau
Secretariat
Gallagher Estate





African Court of Justice



African Court on Human and Peoples' Rights





ECOSOCC Committees



Peace and Security
Political Affairs
Infrastructure and Energy
Social Affairs and Health
HR, Sciences and Technology
Trade and Industry
Rural Economy and Agriculture
Economic Affairs
Women and Gender
Cross-Cutting Programs





Financial Institutions



African Central Bank
African Monetary Fund
African Investment Bank





Peace and Security Council



ACIRC
African Standby Force
Panel of the Wise
UNAMID
AMIB
AMIS
AMISOM
MISCA








Politics







APRM
Foreign relations
African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights
African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights
Enlargement





Symbols



Anthem
Emblem
Flag








Economy



Currencies
Development Bank
African Economic Community
NEPAD
African Free Trade Zone
Tripartite Free Trade Area





Culture



Africa Day
Languages





Theory



Afro
United States of Africa
United States of Latin Africa








 Category












v
t
e


Countries and territories bordering the Indian Ocean



Africa



Comoros
Djibouti
Egypt
Eritrea
France

Mayotte
Réunion


Kenya
Madagascar
Mauritius
Mozambique
Rodrigues (Mauritius)
Seychelles
Somalia
South Africa
Sudan
Tanzania
Zanzibar, Tanzania








Asia



Bahrain
Bangladesh
British Indian Ocean Territory

Chagos Archipelago - United Kingdom


Christmas Island (Australia)
Cocos (Keeling) Islands (Australia)
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Israel
Jordan
Kuwait
Malaysia
Maldives
Myanmar
Oman
Pakistan
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Sri Lanka
Thailand
Timor-Leste
United Arab Emirates
Yemen





Other



Antarctica

Australian Antarctic Territory
French Southern and Antarctic Lands
Heard Island and McDonald Islands


Australia












v
t
e


Peri-Antarctic countries and overseas territories






Argentina
Australia

Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Macquarie Island


Bouvet Island
Chile
Falkland Islands
French Southern and Antarctic Lands

Kerguelen Islands


New Zealand

New Zealand Subantarctic Islands


South Africa

Prince Edward Islands


South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands









"Peri-Antarctic" (meaning "close to the Antarctic") does not include territorial claims in Antarctica itself.










v
t
e


Members of the Commonwealth of Nations



Sovereign states
(Members)



Antigua and Barbuda
Australia
Bahamas
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belize
Botswana
Brunei
Cameroon
Canada
Cyprus
Dominica
Fiji
Ghana
Grenada
Guyana
India
Jamaica
Kenya
Kiribati
Lesotho
Malawi
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mozambique
Namibia
Nauru
New Zealand
Nigeria
Pakistan
Papua New Guinea
Rwanda
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Swaziland
Tanzania
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tuvalu
Uganda
United Kingdom
Vanuatu
Zambia





Dependencies
of Members




Australia



Ashmore and Cartier Islands
Australian Antarctic Territory
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Coral Sea Islands
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Norfolk Island





New Zealand



Cook Islands
Niue
Ross Dependency
Tokelau





United Kingdom



Akrotiri and Dhekelia
Anguilla
Bermuda
British Antarctic Territory
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Cayman Islands
Falkland Islands
Gibraltar
Guernsey
Isle of Man
Jersey
Montserrat
Pitcairn Islands
St. Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Turks and Caicos Islands









Source: Commonwealth Secretariat - Member States










v
t
e


English-speaking world






Click on a coloured area to see an article about English in that country or region






































































Further links







Articles



English-speaking world
History of the English language
British Empire
English in the Commonwealth of Nations





Lists



List of countries by English-speaking population
List of countries where English is an official language









 







Countries and territories where English is the national language or the native language of the majority





Africa



Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha





Americas



Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
The Bahamas
Barbados
Belize
Bermuda
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Dominica
Falkland Islands
Grenada
Guyana
Jamaica
Montserrat
Saba
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Sint Eustatius
Sint Maarten
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Trinidad and Tobago
Turks and Caicos Islands
United States
United States Virgin Islands





Europe



Guernsey
Ireland
Isle of Man
Jersey
United Kingdom





Oceania



Australia
New Zealand
Norfolk Island
Pitcairn Islands








 







Countries and territories where English is an official language, but not the majority first language





Africa



Botswana
Cameroon
The Gambia
Ghana
Kenya
Lesotho
Liberia
Malawi
Mauritius
Namibia
Nigeria
Rwanda
Sierra Leone
Somaliland
South Africa
South Sudan
Sudan
Swaziland
Tanzania
Uganda
Zambia
Zimbabwe





Americas



Puerto Rico





Asia



Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
India
Pakistan
Philippines
Singapore





Europe



Gibraltar
Malta





Oceania



American Samoa
Cook Islands
Fiji
Guam
Kiribati
Marshall Islands
Micronesia
Nauru
Niue
Northern Mariana Islands
Palau
Papua New Guinea
Samoa
Solomon Islands
Tokelau
Tuvalu
Vanuatu












Dependencies shown in italics.















Coordinates: 30°S 25°E﻿ / ﻿30°S 25°E﻿ / -30; 25



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 159069376
LCCN: n79023005
ISNI: 0000 0001 2167 3042
GND: 4078012-0
SUDOC: 028016009
BNF: cb11993638s (data)
NLA: 35513495
NDL: 00567657










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=South_Africa&oldid=792672918"					
Categories: South AfricaSouthern African countriesEnglish-speaking countries and territoriesG20 nationsLiberal democraciesMember states of the African UnionMember states of the Commonwealth of NationsMember states of the United NationsStates and territories established in 1910Commonwealth republicsAfrikaans-speaking countries and territoriesBantu countries and territoriesBRICS nationsCountries in AfricaHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksCS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listWikipedia articles incorporating a citation from the 1911 Encyclopaedia Britannica with Wikisource referencePages using citations with accessdate and no URLArticles with dead external links from June 2017Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia pages semi-protected against vandalismWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesUse dmy dates from March 2017Use South African English from September 2013All Wikipedia articles written in South African EnglishArticles containing Afrikaans-language textArticles containing non-English-language textArticles containing Sotho-language textArticles containing Southern Ndebele-language textArticles containing Swati-language textArticles containing Tsonga-language textArticles containing Tswana-language textArticles containing Venda-language textArticles containing Xhosa-language textArticles containing Zulu-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2013All articles with failed verificationArticles with failed verification from October 2011Wikipedia articles needing clarification from October 2011Pages using columns with the default column widthArticles with unsourced statements from May 2010Use South African English from July 2013Coordinates on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikinewsWikiquoteWikivoyage 



Languages


AcèhАдыгэбзэАдыгабзэAfrikaansAkanAlemannischአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةAragonésArpetanAsturianuAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaتۆرکجهBamanankanবাংলাBahasa BanjarBân-lâm-gúБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎भोजपुरीBikol CentralБългарскиBoarischབོད་ཡིགBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàЧӑвашлаCebuanoČeštinaChi-ChewaChiShonaCymraegDanskDeitschDeutschދިވެހިބަސްDiné bizaadDolnoserbskiཇོང་ཁEestiΕλληνικάEmiliàn e rumagnòlEspañolEsperantoEstremeñuEuskaraEʋegbeفارسیFiji HindiFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGagauzGàidhligGalego贛語Gĩkũyũગુજરાતીगोंयची कोंकणी / Gõychi Konknni客家語/Hak-kâ-ngîХальмг한국어HausaՀայերենहिन्दीHornjoserbsceHrvatskiIdoIgboIlokanoবিষ্ণুপ্রিয়া মণিপুরীBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueИронIsiXhosaIsiZuluÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡKapampanganКъарачай-малкъарქართულიकॉशुर / کٲشُرҚазақшаKernowekKinyarwandaKiswahiliКомиKongoKreyòl ayisyenKurdîКыргызчаLadinoЛезгиلۊری شومالیLatgaļuLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLimburgsLingálaLivvinkarjalaLa .lojban.LugandaLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMaltiMāoriमराठीმარგალურიمصرىمازِرونیBahasa MelayuBaso MinangkabauMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄MirandésМокшеньМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNāhuatlDorerin NaoeroNederlandsNedersaksiesनेपालीनेपाल भाषा日本語НохчийнNordfriiskNorfuk / PitkernNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskNouormandNovialOccitanଓଡ଼ିଆOromooOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀपालिپنجابیPapiamentuپښتوPatoisភាសាខ្មែរPiemontèisTok PisinPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsQaraqalpaqshaQırımtatarcaReo tahitiRipoarischRomânăRumantschRuna SimiРусиньскыйРусскийСаха тылаSámegiellaसंस्कृतम्SängöSarduScotsSeelterskSesothoSesotho sa LeboaSetswanaShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishسنڌيSiSwatiSlovenčinaSlovenščinaŚlůnskiSoomaaligaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitTarandíneТатарча/tatarçaతెలుగుไทยትግርኛТоҷикӣTsetsêhestâheseTshivendaತುಳುTürkçeTürkmençeУкраїнськаاردوئۇيغۇرچە / UyghurcheVahcuenghVènetoVepsän kel’Tiếng ViệtVolapükVõroWalon文言West-VlamsWinarayWolof吴语XitsongaייִדישYorùbá粵語ZazakiZeêuwsŽemaitėška中文डोटेलीKabɩyɛ 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 27 July 2017, at 22:30.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.























South Africa - Wikipedia




















 







South Africa

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the modern country. For other uses, see South Africa (disambiguation).





Republic of South Africa

10 other official names:[1]
Republiek van Suid-Afrika  (Afrikaans)
Repabliki ya Afrika-Borwa  (Northern Sotho)
Rephaboliki ya Afrika Borwa  (Sotho)
iRiphabliki yeSewula Afrika  (Southern Ndebele)
iRiphabhulikhi yeNingizimu Afrika  (Swati)
Riphabliki ra Afrika Dzonga  (Tsonga)
Rephaboliki ya Aforika Borwa  (Tswana)
Riphabuḽiki ya Afurika Tshipembe  (Venda)
iRiphabliki yomZantsi Afrika  (Xhosa)
iRiphabhuliki yaseNingizimu Afrika  (Zulu)










Flag



Coat of arms






Motto: "!ke e: ǀxarra ǁke" (ǀXam)
"Unity in Diversity"




Anthem: National anthem of South Africa

















Location of  South Africa  (dark blue)
in the African Union  (light blue)








Capital



Pretoria (executive)
Bloemfontein (judicial)
Cape Town (legislative)





Largest city
Johannesburg[2]


Official languages

[Note 1]

11 languages

Afrikaans
Northern Sotho
English
Southern Ndebele
Southern Sotho
Swazi
Tsonga
Tswana
Venda
Xhosa
Zulu





Ethnic groups (2014[3])



80.2% Black
8.8% Coloured
8.4% White
2.5% Asian





Religion
See Religion in South Africa


Demonym
South African


Government
Unitary parliamentary constitutional republic



• President

Jacob Zuma



• Deputy President

Cyril Ramaphosa


Legislature
Parliament



• Upper house

National Council



• Lower house

National Assembly


Independence from the United Kingdom



• Union

31 May 1910



• Self-governance

11 December 1931



• Republic

31 May 1961



• Current constitution

4 February 1997


Area



• Total

1,221,037 km2 (471,445 sq mi) (24th)



• Water (%)

negligible


Population



• 2015 estimate

54,956,900[4] (25th)



• 2011 census

51,770,560[5]:18



• Density

42.4/km2 (109.8/sq mi) (169th)


GDP (PPP)
2016 estimate



• Total

$742.461 billion[6] (30th)



• Per capita

$13,321[6] (90th)


GDP (nominal)
2016 estimate



• Total

$326.541 billion[6] (35th)



• Per capita

$5,859[6] (88th)


Gini (2009)
63.1[7]
very high


HDI (2014)
 0.666[8]
medium · 116th


Currency
South African rand (ZAR)


Time zone
SAST (UTC+2)


Drives on the
left


Calling code
+27


ISO 3166 code
ZA


Internet TLD
.za


South Africa, officially the Republic of South Africa (RSA), is the southernmost country in Africa. It is bounded on the south by 2,798 kilometres (1,739 mi) of coastline of Southern Africa stretching along the South Atlantic and Indian Oceans;[9][10][11] on the north by the neighbouring countries of Namibia, Botswana, and Zimbabwe; and on the east and northeast by Mozambique and Swaziland; and surrounds the kingdom of Lesotho.[12] South Africa is the 25th-largest country in the world by land area, and with close to 56,000,000 people, is the world's 24th-most populous nation. It is the southernmost country on the mainland of the Old World or the Eastern Hemisphere. About 80% of South Africans are of Sub-Saharan African ancestry,[5] divided among a variety of ethnic groups speaking different Bantu languages, nine of which have official status.[11] The remaining population consists of Africa's largest communities of European (white), Asian (Indian), and multiracial (coloured) ancestry.
South Africa is a multiethnic society encompassing a wide variety of cultures, languages, and religions. Its pluralistic makeup is reflected in the constitution's recognition of eleven official languages, which is among the highest number of any country in the world.[11] Two of these languages are of European origin: Afrikaans developed from Dutch and serves as the first language of most white and coloured South Africans; English reflects the legacy of British colonialism, and is commonly used in public and commercial life, though it is fourth-ranked as a spoken first language.[11] The country is one of the few in Africa never to have had a coup d'état, and regular elections have been held for almost a century. However, the vast majority of Black South Africans were not enfranchised until 1994. During the twentieth century, the Black majority sought to recover its rights from the dominant White minority, with this struggle playing a large role in the country's recent history and politics. The National Party imposed the apartheid system in 1948, institutionalising previous racial segregation. After a long and sometimes violent struggle by the African National Congress and other anti-apartheid activists both inside and outside the country, discriminatory laws began to be repealed or abolished from 1990 onwards.
Since 1994, all ethnic and linguistic groups have held political representation in the country's democracy, which comprises a parliamentary republic and nine provinces. South Africa is often referred to as the "Rainbow Nation" to describe the country's multicultural diversity, especially in the wake of apartheid.[13] The World Bank classifies South Africa as an upper-middle-income economy, and a newly industrialised country.[14][15] Its economy is the second-largest in Africa, and the 34th-largest in the world.[6] In terms of purchasing power parity, South Africa has the seventh-highest per capita income in Africa. However, poverty and inequality remain widespread, with about a quarter of the population unemployed and living on less than US$1.25 a day.[16][17] Nevertheless, South Africa has been identified as a middle power in international affairs, and maintains significant regional influence.[18][19]



Contents


1 Name
2 History

2.1 Prehistoric finds
2.2 Bantu expansion
2.3 Portuguese contacts
2.4 Dutch colonisation
2.5 British colonisation

2.5.1 Independence
2.5.2 Beginning of apartheid


2.6 Republic

2.6.1 End of apartheid




3 Geography

3.1 Climate
3.2 Biodiversity

3.2.1 Animals
3.2.2 Fungi
3.2.3 Plants


3.3 Conservation issues


4 Politics and government

4.1 Law
4.2 Foreign relations
4.3 Military
4.4 Administrative divisions


5 Economy

5.1 Labour market
5.2 Science and technology
5.3 Water supply and sanitation


6 Demographics

6.1 Languages
6.2 Urban centres
6.3 Religion


7 Culture

7.1 Arts
7.2 Popular culture
7.3 Cuisine
7.4 Sports


8 Education
9 Health

9.1 HIV/AIDS


10 See also
11 Notes
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Name
See also: Official names of South Africa
The name "South Africa" is derived from the country's geographic location at the southern tip of Africa. Upon formation the country was named the Union of South Africa in English, reflecting its origin from the unification of four formerly separate British colonies. Since 1961 the long form name in English has been the "Republic of South Africa". In Dutch the country was named Republiek van Zuid-Afrika, replaced in 1983 by the Afrikaans Republiek van Suid-Afrika. Since 1994 the Republic has had an official name in each of its 11 official languages.
Mzansi, derived from the Xhosa noun umzantsi meaning "south", is a colloquial name for South Africa,[20][21] while some Pan-Africanist political parties prefer the term "Azania".[22]
History
Main article: History of South Africa
Prehistoric finds
South Africa contains some of the oldest archaeological and human fossil sites in the world.[23][24][25] Extensive fossil remains have been recovered from a series of caves in Gauteng Province. The area is a UNESCO World Heritage site and has been termed the Cradle of Humankind. The sites include Sterkfontein, which is one of the richest hominin fossil sites in the world. Other sites include Swartkrans, Gondolin Cave Kromdraai, Coopers Cave and Malapa. The first hominin fossil discovered in Africa, the Taung Child was found near Taung in 1924. Further hominin remains have been recovered from the sites of Makapansgat in Limpopo, Cornelia and Florisbad in the Free State, Border Cave in KwaZulu-Natal, Klasies River Mouth in eastern Cape and Pinnacle Point, Elandsfontein and Die Kelders Cave in Western Cape. These sites suggest that various hominid species existed in South Africa from about three million years ago starting with Australopithecus africanus.[26] These were succeeded by various species, including Australopithecus sediba, Homo ergaster, Homo erectus, Homo rhodesiensis, Homo helmei, Homo naledi and modern humans, Homo sapiens. Modern humans have inhabited Southern Africa for at least 170,000 years.
Within the Vaal River valley, pebble tools have been located.[27]
Bantu expansion




Mapungubwe Hill, the site of the former capital of the Kingdom of Mapungubwe


Settlements of Bantu-speaking peoples, who were iron-using agriculturists and herdsmen, were already present south of the Limpopo River (now the northern border with Botswana and Zimbabwe) by the 4th or 5th century CE. (See Bantu expansion.) They displaced, conquered and absorbed the original Khoisan speakers, the Khoikhoi and San peoples. The Bantu slowly moved south. The earliest ironworks in modern-day KwaZulu-Natal Province are believed to date from around 1050. The southernmost group was the Xhosa people, whose language incorporates certain linguistic traits from the earlier Khoisan people. The Xhosa reached the Great Fish River, in today's Eastern Cape Province. As they migrated, these larger Iron Age populations displaced or assimilated earlier peoples. In Mpumalanga, several stone circles have been found along with the stone arrangement that has been named Adam's Calendar.
Portuguese contacts
At the time of European contact, the dominant ethnic group were Bantu-speaking peoples who had migrated from other parts of Africa about one thousand years before. The two major historic groups were the Xhosa and Zulu peoples.
In 1487, the Portuguese explorer Bartolomeu Dias led the first European voyage to land in southern Africa.[28] On 4 December, he landed at Walfisch Bay (now known as Walvis Bay in present-day Namibia). This was south of the furthest point reached in 1485 by his predecessor, the Portuguese navigator Diogo Cão (Cape Cross, north of the bay). Dias continued down the western coast of southern Africa. After 8 January 1488, prevented by storms from proceeding along the coast, he sailed out of sight of land and passed the southernmost point of Africa without seeing it. He reached as far up the eastern coast of Africa as, what he called, Rio do Infante, probably the present-day Groot River, in May 1488, but on his return he saw the Cape, which he first named Cabo das Tormentas (Cape of Storms). His King, John II, renamed the point Cabo da Boa Esperança, or Cape of Good Hope, as it led to the riches of the East Indies.[29] Dias' feat of navigation was later immortalised in Luís de Camões' Portuguese epic poem, The Lusiads (1572).
Dutch colonisation
See also: History of Cape Colony and Dutch Cape Colony




Charles Davidson Bell's 19th-century painting of Jan van Riebeeck, who founded the first European settlement in South Africa, arrives in Table Bay in 1652.


By the early 17th century, Portugal's maritime power was starting to decline, and English and Dutch merchants competed to oust Lisbon from its lucrative monopoly on the spice trade.[30] Representatives of the British East India Company did call sporadically at the Cape in search of provisions as early as 1601, but later came to favour Ascension Island and St. Helena as alternative ports of refuge.[31] Dutch interest was aroused after 1647, when two employees of the Dutch East India Company (VOC) were shipwrecked there for several months. The sailors were able to survive by obtaining fresh water and meat from the natives.[31] They also sowed vegetables in the fertile soil.[32] Upon their return to Holland they reported favourably on the Cape's potential as a "warehouse and garden" for provisions to stock passing ships for long voyages.[31]
In 1652, a century and a half after the discovery of the Cape sea route, Jan van Riebeeck established a victualing station at the Cape of Good Hope, at what would become Cape Town, on behalf of the Dutch East India Company.[33][34] In time, the Cape become home to a large population of "vrijlieden", also known as "vrijburgers" (free citizens), former Company employees who stayed in Dutch territories overseas after serving their contracts.[34] Dutch traders also imported thousands of slaves to the fledgling colony from Indonesia, Madagascar, and parts of eastern Africa.[35] Some of the earliest mixed race communities in the country were later formed through unions between vrijburgers, their slaves, and various indigenous peoples.[36] This led to the development of a new ethnic group, the Cape Coloureds, most of whom adopted the Dutch language and Christian faith.[36]
The eastward expansion of Dutch colonists ushered in a series of wars with the southwesterly migrating Xhosa tribe, as both sides competed for the pastureland necessary to graze their cattle near the Great Fish River.[37] Vrijburgers who became independent farmers on the frontier were known as Boers, with some adopting semi-nomadic lifestyles being denoted as trekboers.[37] The Boers formed loose militias, which they termed commandos, and forged alliances with Khoisan groups to repel Xhosa raids.[37] Both sides launched bloody but inconclusive offensives, and sporadic violence, often accompanied by livestock theft, remained common for several decades.[37]
British colonisation
Great Britain occupied Cape Town between 1795 and 1803 to prevent it from falling under the control of the French First Republic, which had invaded the Low Countries.[37] Despite briefly returning to Dutch rule under the Batavian Republic in 1803, the Cape was occupied again by the British in 1806.[38] Following the end of the Napoleonic Wars, it was formally ceded to Great Britain and became an integral part of the British Empire.[39] British immigration to South Africa began around 1818, subsequently culminating in the arrival of the 1820 Settlers.[39] The new colonists were induced to settle for a variety of reasons, namely to increase the size of the European workforce and to bolster frontier regions against Xhosa incursions.[39]




Depiction of a Zulu attack on a Boer camp in February 1838


In the first two decades of the 19th century, the Zulu people grew in power and expanded their territory under their leader, Shaka.[40] Shaka's warfare led indirectly to the Mfecane ("crushing") that devastated and depopulated the inland plateau in the early 1820s.[41][42] An offshoot of the Zulu, the Matabele people created a larger empire that included large parts of the highveld under their king Mzilikazi.
During the early 1800s, many Dutch settlers departed from the Cape Colony, where they had been subjected to British control. They migrated to the future Natal, Orange Free State, and Transvaal regions. The Boers founded the Boer Republics: the South African Republic (now Gauteng, Limpopo, Mpumalanga and North West provinces) and the Orange Free State (Free State).
The discovery of diamonds in 1867 and gold in 1884 in the interior started the Mineral Revolution and increased economic growth and immigration. This intensified British efforts to gain control over the indigenous peoples. The struggle to control these important economic resources was a factor in relations between Europeans and the indigenous population and also between the Boers and the British.[43]
The Anglo-Zulu War was fought in 1879 between the British Empire and the Zulu Kingdom. Following Lord Carnarvon's successful introduction of federation in Canada, it was thought that similar political effort, coupled with military campaigns, might succeed with the African kingdoms, tribal areas and Boer republics in South Africa. In 1874, Sir Henry Bartle Frere was sent to South Africa as High Commissioner for the British Empire to bring such plans into being. Among the obstacles were the presence of the independent states of the South African Republic and the Kingdom of Zululand and its army. The Zulu nation spectacularly defeated the British at the Battle of Isandlwana. Eventually though the war was lost resulting in the end of the Zulu nation's independence.




Boers in combat (1881)


The Boer Republics successfully resisted British encroachments during the First Boer War (1880–1881) using guerrilla warfare tactics, which were well suited to local conditions. The British returned with greater numbers, more experience, and new strategy in the Second Boer War (1899–1902) but suffered heavy casualties through attrition; nonetheless, they were ultimately successful.
Independence
Within the country, anti-British policies among white South Africans focused on independence. During the Dutch and British colonial years, racial segregation was mostly informal, though some legislation was enacted to control the settlement and movement of native people, including the Native Location Act of 1879 and the system of pass laws.[44][45][46][47][48]
Eight years after the end of the Second Boer War and after four years of negotiation, an act of the British Parliament (South Africa Act 1909) granted nominal independence, while creating the Union of South Africa on 31 May 1910. The Union was a dominion that included the former territories of the Cape and Natal colonies, as well as the republics of Orange Free State and Transvaal.[49]
The Natives' Land Act of 1913 severely restricted the ownership of land by blacks; at that stage natives controlled only 7% of the country. The amount of land reserved for indigenous peoples was later marginally increased.[50]
In 1931 the union was fully sovereign from the United Kingdom with the passage of the Statute of Westminster, which abolished the last powers of the British Government on the country. In 1934, the South African Party and National Party merged to form the United Party, seeking reconciliation between Afrikaners and English-speaking "Whites". In 1939 the party split over the entry of the Union into World War II as an ally of the United Kingdom, a move which the National Party followers strongly opposed.
Beginning of apartheid




"For use by white persons" – apartheid sign


In 1948, the National Party was elected to power. It strengthened the racial segregation begun under Dutch and British colonial rule. The Nationalist Government classified all peoples into three races and developed rights and limitations for each. The white minority (less than 20%[51]) controlled the vastly larger black majority. The legally institutionalised segregation became known as apartheid. While whites enjoyed the highest standard of living in all of Africa, comparable to First World Western nations, the black majority remained disadvantaged by almost every standard, including income, education, housing, and life expectancy. The Freedom Charter, adopted in 1955 by the Congress Alliance, demanded a non-racial society and an end to discrimination.
Republic
On 31 May 1961, the country became a republic following a referendum in which white voters narrowly voted in favour thereof (the British-dominated Natal province rallied against the issue).[52] Queen Elizabeth II was stripped of the title Queen of South Africa, and the last Governor-General, namely Charles Robberts Swart, became State President. As a concession to the Westminster system, the presidency remained parliamentary appointed and virtually powerless until P. W. Botha's Constitution Act of 1983, which (intact in these regards) eliminated the office of Prime Minister and instated a near-unique "strong presidency" responsible to parliament. Pressured by other Commonwealth of Nations countries, South Africa withdrew from the organisation in 1961, and rejoined it only in 1994.
Despite opposition both within and outside the country, the government legislated for a continuation of apartheid. The security forces cracked down on internal dissent, and violence became widespread, with anti-apartheid organisations such as the African National Congress, the Azanian People's Organisation, and the Pan-Africanist Congress carrying out guerrilla warfare[53] and urban sabotage.[54] The three rival resistance movements also engaged in occasional inter-factional clashes as they jockeyed for domestic influence.[55] Apartheid became increasingly controversial, and several countries began to boycott business with the South African government because of its racial policies. These measures were later extended to international sanctions and the divestment of holdings by foreign investors.[56][57]




F. W. de Klerk and Nelson Mandela shake hands in January 1992


In the late 1970s, South Africa initiated a programme of nuclear weapons development. In the following decade, it produced six deliverable nuclear weapons.[58][59]
End of apartheid
The Mahlabatini Declaration of Faith, signed by Mangosuthu Buthelezi and Harry Schwarz in 1974, enshrined the principles of peaceful transition of power and equality for all, the first of such agreements by black and white political leaders in South Africa. Ultimately, F. W. de Klerk opened bilateral discussions with Nelson Mandela in 1993 for a transition of policies and government.
In 1990 the National Party government took the first step towards dismantling discrimination when it lifted the ban on the African National Congress and other political organisations. It released Nelson Mandela from prison after twenty-seven years' serving a sentence for sabotage. A negotiation process followed. With approval from a predominantly white referendum, the government repealed apartheid legislation. South Africa also destroyed its nuclear arsenal and acceded to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty. South Africa held its first universal elections in 1994, which the ANC won by an overwhelming majority. It has been in power ever since. The country rejoined the Commonwealth of Nations and became a member of the Southern African Development Community (SADC).




Nelson Mandela, first black African President of Republic of South Africa


In post-apartheid South Africa, unemployment has been extremely high as the country has struggled with many changes. While many blacks have risen to middle or upper classes, the overall unemployment rate of blacks worsened between 1994 and 2003.[60] Poverty among whites, previously rare, increased.[61] In addition, the current government has struggled to achieve the monetary and fiscal discipline to ensure both redistribution of wealth and economic growth. Since the ANC-led government took power, the United Nations Human Development Index of South Africa has fallen, while it was steadily rising until the mid-1990s.[62] Some may be attributed to the HIV/AIDS pandemic, and the failure of the government to take steps to address it in the early years.[63]
In May 2008, riots left over sixty people dead.[64] The Centre on Housing Rights and Evictions estimates over 100,000 people were driven from their homes.[65] The targets were mainly migrants and refugees seeking asylum, but a third of the victims were South African citizens.[64] In a 2006 survey, the South African Migration Project concluded that South Africans are more opposed to immigration than anywhere else in the world.[66] The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in 2008 reported over 200,000 refugees applied for asylum in South Africa, almost four times as many as the year before.[67] These people were mainly from Zimbabwe, though many also come from Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Rwanda, Eritrea, Ethiopia and Somalia.[67] Competition over jobs, business opportunities, public services and housing has led to tension between refugees and host communities.[67] While xenophobia is still a problem, recent violence has not been as widespread as initially feared.[67]
Geography
Main article: Geography of South Africa




A map of South Africa showing the main topographic features: the Central Plateau edged by the Great Escarpment, and the Cape Fold Belt in the south-west corner of the country






Important geographical regions in South Africa. The thick line traces the course of the Great Escarpment which edges the central plateau. The eastern portion of this line, coloured red, is known as the Drakensberg. The Escarpment rises to its highest point, at over 3000 m, where the Drakensberg forms the border between KwaZulu-Natal and Lesotho. None of the regions indicated on the map has a sharp well-defined border, except where the Escarpment, or a range of mountains forms a clear dividing line between two regions. Some of the better known regions are coloured in; the others are simply indicated by their names, as they would be in an atlas.


South Africa is located at the southernmost region of Africa, with a long coastline that stretches more than 2,500 km (1,553 mi) and along two oceans (the South Atlantic and the Indian). At 1,219,912 km2 (471,011 sq mi),[68] South Africa is the 25th-largest country in the world and is comparable in size to Colombia. Mafadi in the Drakensberg at 3,450 m (11,320 ft) is the highest peak in South Africa. Excluding the Prince Edward Islands, the country lies between latitudes 22° and 35°S, and longitudes 16° and 33°E.
The interior of South Africa consists of a vast, in most places almost flat, plateau with an altitude of between 1,000 m (3,300 ft) and 2,100 m (6,900 ft), highest in the east and sloping gently downwards towards the west and north, and slightly less noticeably so to the south and south-west.[69] This plateau is surrounded by the Great Escarpment[70] whose eastern, and highest, stretch is known as the Drakensberg.[71]
The south and south-western parts of the plateau (at approximately 1100–1800 m above sea level), and the adjoining plain below (at approximately 700–800 m above sea level – see map on the right) is known as the Great Karoo, which consists of sparsely populated scrubland. To the north the Great Karoo fades into the even drier and more arid Bushmanland, which eventually becomes the Kalahari desert in the very north-west of the country. The mid-eastern, and highest part of the plateau is known as the Highveld. This relatively well-watered area is home to a great proportion of the country’s commercial farmlands, and contains its largest conurbation (Gauteng Province). To the north of Highveld, from about the 25° 30' S line of latitude, the plateau slopes downwards into the Bushveld, which ultimately gives way to the Limpopo lowlands or Lowveld.[70]




Flat topped hills (called Karoo Koppies) are highly characteristic of the southern and southwestern Karoo landscape. These hills are capped by hard, erosion resistant dolerite sills. This is solidified lava that was forced under high pressure between the horizontal strata of the sedimentary rocks that make up most of the Karoo’s geology about 180 million years ago. Since then Southern Africa has undergone a prolonged period of erosion removing the relatively soft Karoo rocks, except where they are protected by a cap of dolerite. This photograph was taken near Cradock in the Eastern Cape.


The coastal belt, below the Great Escarpment, moving clockwise from the northeast, consists of the Limpopo Lowveld, which merges into the Mpumalanga Lowveld, below the Mpumalanga Drakensberg (the eastern portion of the Great Escarpment).[72] This is hotter, drier and less intensely cultivated than the Highveld above the escarpment.[70] The Kruger National Park, located in the provinces of Limpopo and Mpumalanga in northeastern South Africa, occupies a large portion of the Lowveld covering 19,633 square kilometres (7,580 sq mi.) [73] South of the Lowveld the annual rainfall increases as one enters KwaZulu-Natal Province, which, especially near the coast, is subtropically hot and humid. The KwaZulu-Natal – Lesotho international border is formed by the highest portion of the Great Escarpment, or Drakensberg, which reaches an altitude of over 3,000 m (9,800 ft).[74] The climate at the foot of this part of the Drakensberg is temperate.




Drakensberg, the eastern and highest portion of the Great Escarpment which surrounds the east, south and western borders of the central plateau of Southern Africa


The coastal belt below the south and south-western stretches of the Great Escarpment contains several ranges of Cape Fold Mountains which run parallel to the coast, separating the Great Escarpment from the ocean.[75][76] (These parallel ranges of fold mountains are shown on the map, above left. Note the course of the Great Escarpment to the north of these mountain ranges.) The land (at approximately 400–500 m above sea level) between two of these ranges of fold mountains in the south (i.e. between the Outeniqua and Langeberg ranges to the south and the Swartberg range to the north) is known as the Little Karoo,[70] which consists of semi-desert scrubland similar to that of the Great Karoo, except that its northern strip along the foothills of the Swartberg Mountains, has a somewhat higher rainfall and is therefore more cultivated than the Great Karoo. The Little Karoo is historically, and still, famous for its ostrich farming around the town of Oudtshoorn. The lowland area (700–800 m above sea level) to the north of the Swartberg mountain range up to the Great Escarpment is the lowland part of the Great Karoo (see map at top right), which is climatically and botanically almost indistinguishable from the Karoo above the Great Escarpment. The narrow coastal strip between the most seaward Cape Fold Mountain range (i.e., the Langeberg–Outeniqua mountains) and the ocean has a moderately high year-round rainfall, especially in the George-Knysna-Plettenberg Bay region, which is known as the Garden Route. It is famous for the most extensive areas of indigenous forests in South Africa (a generally forest-poor country).
In the south-west corner of the country the Cape Peninsula forms the southernmost tip of the coastal strip which borders the Atlantic Ocean, and ultimately terminates at the country’s border with Namibia at the Orange River. The Cape Peninsula has a Mediterranean climate, making it and its immediate surrounds the only portion of Africa south of the Sahara which receives most of its rainfall in winter.[77][78] The greater Cape Town metropolitan area is situated on the Cape Peninsula and is home to 3.7 million people according to the 2011 population census. It is the country's legislative capital.




Spring flowers in Namaqualand


The coastal belt to the north of the Cape Peninsula is bounded on the west by the Atlantic Ocean and the first row of north-south running Cape Fold Mountains to the east. The Cape Fold Mountains peter out at about the 32° S line of latitude,[76] after which the coastal plain is bounded by the Great Escarpment itself. The most southerly portion of this coastal belt is known as the Swartland and Malmesbury Plain, which is an important wheat growing region, relying on winter rains. The region further north is known as Namaqualand,[79] which becomes more and more arid as one approaches the Orange River. The little rain that falls, tends to fall in winter,[78] which results in one of the world’s most spectacular displays of flowers carpeting huge stretches of veld in spring (August–September).




Cape Floral Region Protected Areas.


South Africa also has one possession, the small sub-Antarctic archipelago of the Prince Edward Islands, consisting of Marion Island (290 km2 or 110 sq mi) and Prince Edward Island (45 km2 or 17 sq mi) (not to be confused with the Canadian province of the same name).
Climate
Main article: Climate of South Africa




Köppen climate types of South Africa


South Africa has a generally temperate climate, due in part to being surrounded by the Atlantic and Indian Oceans on three sides, by its location in the climatically milder Southern Hemisphere and due to the average elevation rising steadily towards the north (towards the equator) and further inland. Due to this varied topography and oceanic influence, a great variety of climatic zones exist. The climatic zones range from the extreme desert of the southern Namib in the farthest northwest to the lush subtropical climate in the east along the Mozambique border and the Indian Ocean. Winters in South Africa occur between June and August.
The extreme southwest has a climate remarkably similar to that of the Mediterranean with wet winters and hot, dry summers, hosting the famous fynbos biome of shrubland and thicket. This area also produces much of the wine in South Africa. This region is also particularly known for its wind, which blows intermittently almost all year. The severity of this wind made passing around the Cape of Good Hope particularly treacherous for sailors, causing many shipwrecks. Further east on the south coast, rainfall is distributed more evenly throughout the year, producing a green landscape. This area is popularly known as the Garden Route.
The Free State is particularly flat because it lies centrally on the high plateau. North of the Vaal River, the Highveld becomes better watered and does not experience subtropical extremes of heat. Johannesburg, in the centre of the Highveld, is at 1,740 m (5,709 ft) and receives an annual rainfall of 760 mm (29.9 in). Winters in this region are cold, although snow is rare.
The high Drakensberg mountains, which form the south-eastern escarpment of the Highveld, offer limited skiing opportunities in winter. The coldest place on mainland South Africa is Sutherland in the western Roggeveld Mountains, where midwinter temperatures can reach as low as −15 °C (5 °F). The Prince Edward Islands have colder average annual temperatures, but Sutherland has colder extremes. The deep interior of mainland South Africa has the hottest temperatures: a temperature of 51.7 °C (125.06 °F) was recorded in 1948 in the Northern Cape Kalahari near Upington,[80] but this temperature is unofficial and was not recorded with standard equipment, the official highest temperature is 48.8 °C (119.84 °F) at Vioolsdrif in January 1993.[81]
Biodiversity
See also: Wildlife of South Africa and Protected areas of South Africa
South Africa signed the Rio Convention on Biological Diversity on 4 June 1994, and became a party to the convention on 2 November 1995.[82] It has subsequently produced a National Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plan, which was received by the convention on 7 June 2006.[83] The country is ranked sixth out of the world's seventeen megadiverse countries.[84]
Animals




South African giraffe, Kruger National Park


Numerous mammals are found in the bushveld including Transvaal lions, African leopards, South African cheetahs, southern white rhinos, blue wildebeest, kudus, impalas, hyenas, hippopotamuses and South African giraffes. A significant extent of the bushveld exists in the north-east including Kruger National Park and the Sabi Sand Game Reserve, as well as in the far north in the Waterberg Biosphere. South Africa houses many endemic species, among them the critically endangered riverine rabbit (Bunolagus monticullaris) in the Karoo.
Fungi
Up to 1945, more than 4900 species of fungi (including lichen-forming species) had been recorded.[85] In 2006, the total number of fungi which occur in South Africa was conservatively estimated at about 200,000 species, but that did not take into account fungi associated with insects.[86] If correct, then the number of South African fungi dwarfs that of its plants. In at least some major South African ecosystems, an exceptionally high percentage of fungi are highly specific in terms of the plants with which they occur.[87] The country's biodiversity strategy and action plan does not mention fungi (including lichen-forming fungi).[83]
Plants




Sub-tropical forest near Durban






Lowveld vegetation of the Kruger National Park


With more than 22,000 different higher plants, or about 9% of all the known species of plants on Earth,[88] South Africa is particularly rich in plant diversity. The most prevalent biome in South Africa is the grassland, particularly on the Highveld, where the plant cover is dominated by different grasses, low shrubs, and acacia trees, mainly camel-thorn and whitethorn. Vegetation becomes even more sparse towards the northwest due to low rainfall. There are several species of water-storing succulents like aloes and euphorbias in the very hot and dry Namaqualand area. The grass and thorn savannah turns slowly into a bush savannah towards the north-east of the country, with denser growth. There are significant numbers of baobab trees in this area, near the northern end of Kruger National Park.[89]
The fynbos biome, which makes up the majority of the area and plant life in the Cape floristic region, one of the six floral kingdoms, is located in a small region of the Western Cape and contains more than 9,000 of those species, making it among the richest regions on earth in terms of plant diversity.[citation needed] Most of the plants are evergreen hard-leaf plants with fine, needle-like leaves, such as the sclerophyllous plants. Another uniquely South African flowering plant group is the genus Protea. There are around 130 different species of Protea in South Africa.
While South Africa has a great wealth of flowering plants, only 1% of South Africa is forest, almost exclusively in the humid coastal plain of KwaZulu-Natal, where there are also areas of Southern Africa mangroves in river mouths. There are even smaller reserves of forests that are out of the reach of fire, known as montane forests. Plantations of imported tree species are predominant, particularly the non-native eucalyptus and pine.
Conservation issues
South Africa has lost a large area of natural habitat in the last four decades, primarily due to overpopulation, sprawling development patterns and deforestation during the 19th century. South Africa is one of the worst affected countries in the world when it comes to invasion by alien species with many (e.g. black wattle, Port Jackson willow, Hakea, Lantana and Jacaranda) posing a significant threat to the native biodiversity and the already scarce water resources. The original temperate forest found by the first European settlers was exploited ruthlessly until only small patches remained. Currently, South African hardwood trees like real yellowwood (Podocarpus latifolius), stinkwood (Ocotea bullata), and South African black ironwood (Olea laurifolia) are under government protection. Statistics from the South African Environmental Affairs department show a record 1215 rhinos have been killed in 2014.[90]
Climate change is expected to bring considerable warming and drying to much of this already semi-arid region, with greater frequency and intensity of extreme weather events such as heatwaves, flooding and drought. According to computer generated climate modelling produced by the South African National Biodiversity Institute[91] parts of southern Africa will see an increase in temperature by about one degree Celsius along the coast to more than four degrees Celsius in the already hot hinterland such as the Northern Cape in late spring and summertime by 2050. The Cape Floral Kingdom, been identified as one of the global biodiversity hotspots, it will be hit very hard by climate change. Drought, increased intensity and frequency of fire and climbing temperatures are expected to push many rare species towards extinction.


Biodiversity of South Africa


King protea, national flower



Fynbos, Cape Floristic Region



Blue crane, national bird



Flowers in the West Coast National Park




Politics and government
Main articles: Government of South Africa, Politics of South Africa, Law of South Africa, and Human rights in South Africa




Union Buildings in Pretoria, seat of the executive






Houses of Parliament in Cape Town, seat of the legislature


South Africa is a parliamentary republic, although unlike most such republics the President is both head of state and head of government, and depends for his tenure on the confidence of Parliament. The executive, legislature and judiciary are all subject to the supremacy of the Constitution, and the superior courts have the power to strike down executive actions and acts of Parliament if they are unconstitutional.
The National Assembly, the lower house of Parliament, consists of 400 members and is elected every five years by a system of party-list proportional representation. The National Council of Provinces, the upper house, consists of ninety members, with each of the nine provincial legislatures electing ten members.
After each parliamentary election, the National Assembly elects one of its members as President; hence the President serves a term of office the same as that of the Assembly, normally five years. No President may serve more than two terms in office.[92] The President appoints a Deputy President and Ministers, who form the Cabinet which consists of Departments and Ministries. The President and the Cabinet may be removed by the National Assembly by a motion of no confidence.




Jacob Zuma, President of South Africa since 2009


In the most recent election, held on 7 May 2014, the African National Congress (ANC) won 62.2% of the vote and 249 seats, while the main opposition, the Democratic Alliance (DA) won 22.2% of the vote and 89 seats. The Economic Freedom Fighters, founded by Julius Malema, the former President of the ANC's Youth Wing who was later expelled from the ANC, won 6.4% of the vote and 25 seats. The ANC has been the governing political party in South Africa since the end of apartheid.
South Africa has no legally defined capital city. The fourth chapter of the Constitution of South Africa, states that "The seat of Parliament is Cape Town, but an Act of Parliament enacted in accordance with section 76(1) and (5) may determine that the seat of Parliament is elsewhere."[93] The country's three branches of government are split over different cities. Cape Town, as the seat of Parliament, is the legislative capital; Pretoria, as the seat of the President and Cabinet, is the administrative capital; and Bloemfontein, as the seat of the Supreme Court of Appeal, is the judicial capital, while the Constitutional Court of South Africa sits in Johannesburg. Most foreign embassies are located in Pretoria.
Since 2004, South Africa has had many thousands of popular protests, some violent, making it, according to one academic, the "most protest-rich country in the world".[94] There have been a number of incidents of political repression as well as threats of future repression in violation of this constitution leading some analysts and civil society organisations to conclude that there is or could be a new climate of political repression,[95][96] or a decline in political tolerance.[97]
In 2008, South Africa placed 5th out of 48 sub-Saharan African countries on the Ibrahim Index of African Governance. South Africa scored well in the categories of Rule of Law, Transparency & Corruption and Participation & Human Rights, but was let down by its relatively poor performance in Safety & Security.[98] In November 2006, South Africa became the first African country to legalise same-sex marriage.[99]
Law
See also: Crime in South Africa




Constitutional Court in Johannesburg


The Constitution of South Africa is the supreme rule of law in the country. The primary sources of South African law are Roman-Dutch mercantile law and personal law with English Common law, as imports of Dutch settlements and British colonialism.[100] The first European based law in South Africa was brought by the Dutch East India Company and is called Roman-Dutch law. It was imported before the codification of European law into the Napoleonic Code and is comparable in many ways to Scots law. This was followed in the 19th century by English law, both common and statutory. Starting in 1910 with unification, South Africa had its own parliament which passed laws specific for South Africa, building on those previously passed for the individual member colonies.
The judicial system consists of the magistrates' courts, which hear lesser criminal cases and smaller civil cases; the High Courts, which are courts of general jurisdiction for specific areas; the Supreme Court of Appeal, which is the highest court in all but constitutional matters; and the Constitutional Court, which hears only constitutional matters.




Soweto Pride 2012 participants protest against violence against lesbians. Human Rights in the country are widely positivized into laws but some groups still are socially discriminated. It is the first country in Africa recognizing same sex marriage.


Nearly 50 murders are committed each day in South Africa.[101] In the year ended March 2014 there were 17,068 murders and the murder rate was 32.2 per 100,000 - about five times higher than the global average of 6 per 100,000.[102] Middle-class South Africans seek security in gated communities.[103] The private security industry in South Africa is the largest in the world,[104] with nearly 9,000 registered companies and 400,000 registered active private security guards, more than the South African police and army combined.[105] Many emigrants from South Africa also state that crime was a big motivator for them to leave.[106] Crime against the farming community has continued to be a major problem.[107]
It is estimated that 500,000 women are raped in South Africa every year[108] with the average woman more likely to be raped than complete secondary school.[109] A 2009 survey found one in four South African men admitted to raping someone[110] and another survey found one in three women out of 4000 surveyed women said they had been raped in the past year.[111] Rapes are also perpetrated by children (some as young as ten).[112] Child and baby rape incidences are some of the highest in the world, largely as a result of the virgin cleansing myth, and a number of high-profile cases (sometimes as young as eight months[112]) have outraged the nation.[113]
Foreign relations
Main article: Foreign relations of South Africa




Leaders of the BRICS nations at the G-20 summit in Hangzhou, 2016


As the Union of South Africa, the country was a founding member of the United Nations. The then Prime Minister Jan Smuts wrote the preamble to the United Nations Charter.[114][115] South Africa is one of the founding members of the African Union (AU), and has the second largest economy of all the members. It is also a founding member of the AU's New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD).
South Africa has played a key role as a mediator in African conflicts over the last decade, such as in Burundi, the Democratic Republic of Congo, the Comoros, and Zimbabwe. After apartheid ended, South Africa was readmitted to the Commonwealth of Nations. The country is a member of the Group of 77 and chaired the organisation in 2006. South Africa is also a member of the Southern African Development Community, South Atlantic Peace and Cooperation Zone, Southern African Customs Union, Antarctic Treaty System, World Trade Organization, International Monetary Fund, G20, G8+5, and the Port Management Association of Eastern and Southern Africa.
South African President Jacob Zuma and Chinese President Hu Jintao upgraded bilateral ties between the two countries on 24 August 2010, when they signed the Beijing Agreement, which elevated South Africa's earlier "strategic partnership" with China to the higher level of "comprehensive strategic partnership" in both economic and political affairs, including the strengthening of exchanges between their respective ruling parties and legislatures.[116][117] In April 2011, South Africa formally joined the Brazil-Russia-India-China (BRICS) grouping of countries, identified by President Zuma as the country's largest trading partners, and also the largest trading partners with Africa as a whole. Zuma asserted that BRICS member countries would also work with each other through the UN, the Group of Twenty (G20) and the India, Brazil South Africa (IBSA) forum.[118]
Military
Main article: South African National Defence Force




SANDF soldiers


The South African National Defence Force (SANDF) was created in 1994,[119][120] as an all volunteer force composed of the former South African Defence Force, the forces of the African nationalist groups (Umkhonto we Sizwe and Azanian People's Liberation Army), and the former Bantustan defence forces.[119] The SANDF is subdivided into four branches, the South African Army, the South African Air Force, the South African Navy, and the South African Military Health Service.[121] In recent years, the SANDF has become a major peacekeeping force in Africa,[122] and has been involved in operations in Lesotho, the Democratic Republic of the Congo,[122] and Burundi,[122] amongst others. It has also served in multi-national UN peacekeeping forces such as the United Nations Force Intervention Brigade for example.
South Africa is the only African country to have successfully developed nuclear weapons. It became the first country (followed by Ukraine) with nuclear capability to voluntarily renounce and dismantle its programme and in the process signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 1991.[123] South Africa undertook a nuclear weapons programme in the 1970s[123] According to former state president FW de Klerk, the decision to build a "nuclear deterrent" was taken "as early as 1974 against a backdrop of a Soviet expansionist threat."[124] South Africa is alleged to have conducted a nuclear test over the Atlantic in 1979,[125] although this is officially denied. Former president FW de Klerk maintained that South Africa had "never conducted a clandestine nuclear test."[124] Six nuclear devices were completed between 1980 and 1990, but all were dismantled before South Africa signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 1991.[124]
Administrative divisions
Main article: Provinces of South Africa




Provinces of South Africa


Each of the nine provinces is governed by a unicameral legislature, which is elected every five years by party-list proportional representation. The legislature elects a Premier as head of government, and the Premier appoints an Executive Council as a provincial cabinet. The powers of provincial governments are limited to topics listed in the Constitution; these topics include such fields as health, education, public housing and transport.
The provinces are in turn divided into 52 districts: 8 metropolitan and 44 district municipalities. The district municipalities are further subdivided into 226 local municipalities. The metropolitan municipalities, which govern the largest urban agglomerations, perform the functions of both district and local municipalities.


Province
Provincial capital
Largest city
Area (km2)[126]
Population (2013)[4]


Eastern Cape
Bhisho
Port Elizabeth
168,966
6,620,100


Free State
Bloemfontein
Bloemfontein
129,825
2,753,200


Gauteng
Johannesburg
Johannesburg
18,178
12,728,400


KwaZulu-Natal
Pietermaritzburg
Durban
94,361
10,456,900


Limpopo
Polokwane
Polokwane
125,754
5,518,000


Mpumalanga
Nelspruit
Mbombela
76,495
4,128,000


North West
Mahikeng
Rustenburg
104,882
3,597,600


Northern Cape
Kimberley
Kimberley
372,889
1,162,900


Western Cape
Cape Town
Cape Town
129,462
6,016,900


Economy




Annual per capita personal income by ethnic group in South Africa relative to white levels


Main article: Economy of South Africa




The JSE is the largest stock exchange on the African continent.


South Africa has a mixed economy, the second-largest in Africa after Nigeria. It also has a relatively high GDP per capita compared to other countries in Sub-Saharan Africa ($11,750 at PPP as of 2012). Despite this, South Africa is still burdened by a relatively high rate of poverty and unemployment, and is also ranked in the Top 10 countries in the world for income inequality,[127][128][129] measured by the Gini coefficient.
Unlike most of the world's poor countries, South Africa does not have a thriving informal economy. Only 15% of South African jobs are in the informal sector, compared with around half in Brazil and India and nearly three-quarters in Indonesia. The OECD attributes this difference to South Africa's widespread welfare system.[130] World Bank research shows that South Africa has one of the widest gaps between per capita GNP versus its Human Development Index ranking, with only Botswana showing a larger gap.[131]
After 1994, government policy brought down inflation, stabilised public finances, and some foreign capital was attracted, however growth was still subpar.[132] From 2004 onwards, economic growth picked up significantly; both employment and capital formation increased.[132] During the presidency of Jacob Zuma, the government has begun to increase the role of state-owned enterprises. Some of the biggest state-owned companies are Eskom, the electric power monopoly, South African Airways (SAA), and Transnet, the railway and ports monopoly. Some of these state-owned companies have not been profitable, such as SAA, which has required bailouts totaling R30,000,000,000 ($2,300,000,000) over twenty years.[133]
South Africa is a popular tourist destination, and a substantial amount of revenue comes from tourism.[134] Illegal immigrants are involved in informal trading.[135] Many emigrants to South Africa continue to live in poor conditions, and the immigration policy has become increasingly restrictive since 1994.[136]
Principal international trading partners of South Africa—outside Africa—include: Germany, the United States, China, Japan, the United Kingdom and Spain.[137]
The South African agricultural industry contributes around 10% of formal employment, relatively low compared to other parts of Africa, as well as providing work for casual labourers and contributing around 2.6% of GDP for the nation.[138] Due to the aridity of the land, only 13.5% of the land can be used for crop production, and only 3% is considered high potential land.[139]
In August 2013, South Africa was ranked as the top African Country of the Future by FDi magazine based on the country's economic potential, labour environment, cost-effectiveness, infrastructure, business friendliness, and Foreign direct investment Strategy.[140]
The FSI ranks South Africa as the 36th safest tax haven in the world, ahead of the Philippines but behind the Bahamas.
Labour market




Workers packing pears for export in the Ceres valley


During 1995–2003, the number of formal jobs decreased and informal jobs increased; overall unemployment worsened.[60]
The government's Black Economic Empowerment policies have drawn criticism from Neva Makgetla, lead economist for research and information at the Development Bank of Southern Africa, for focusing "almost exclusively on promoting individual ownership by black people (which) does little to address broader economic disparities, though the rich may become more diverse."[141] Official affirmative action policies have seen a rise in black economic wealth and an emerging black middle-class.[142] Other problems include state ownership and interference, which impose high barriers to entry in many areas.[143] Restrictive labour regulations have contributed to the unemployment malaise.[60]
Along with many other African countries, South Africa has been experiencing a "brain drain" within the past twenty years. This is believed to be potentially damaging for the regional economy,[144][not in citation given][clarification needed] and is almost certainly detrimental for the well-being of those reliant on the healthcare infrastructure.[145] The skills drain in South Africa tends to demonstrate racial contours given the skills distribution legacy of South Africa and has thus resulted in large white South African communities moving abroad.[146] However, the statistics which purport to show a brain drain are disputed and also do not account for repatriation and expiry of foreign work contracts. According to several surveys[147][148] there has been a reverse in brain drain following the global financial crisis of 2008-2009 and the expiry of foreign work contracts. In the first quarter of 2011, confidence levels for graduate professionals were recorded at a level of 84% in a PPS survey.[149]
Science and technology
Main article: Science and technology in South Africa




Mark Shuttleworth in space


Several important scientific and technological developments have originated in South Africa. The first human-to-human heart transplant was performed by cardiac surgeon Dr. Christiaan Barnard at Groote Schuur Hospital in December 1967, Max Theiler developed a vaccine against yellow fever, Allan McLeod Cormack pioneered x-ray computed tomography, and Aaron Klug developed crystallographic electron microscopy techniques. With the exception of that of Barnard, all of these advancements were recognised with Nobel Prizes. Sydney Brenner won most recently, in 2002, for his pioneering work in molecular biology.
Mark Shuttleworth founded an early Internet security company Thawte, that was subsequently bought out by world-leader VeriSign. Despite government efforts to encourage entrepreneurship in biotechnology, IT and other high technology fields, no other notable groundbreaking companies have been founded in South Africa. It is the expressed objective of the government to transition the economy to be more reliant on high technology, based on the realisation that South Africa cannot compete with Far Eastern economies in manufacturing, nor can the republic rely on its mineral wealth in perpetuity.
South Africa has cultivated a burgeoning astronomy community. It hosts the Southern African Large Telescope, the largest optical telescope in the Southern Hemisphere. South Africa is currently building the Karoo Array Telescope as a pathfinder for the €1,500,000,000 Square Kilometre Array project.[150] On 25 May 2012, it was announced that hosting of the Square Kilometer Array Telescope will be split over both the South African and the Australia/New Zealand sites.[151]
Water supply and sanitation
Main article: Water supply and sanitation in South Africa
After the end of Apartheid, South Africa's newly elected ANC government struggled with the-then growing service and backlogs with respect to access to Water supply and Sanitation developed. The government thus made a strong commitment to high service standards and to high levels of investment subsidies to achieve those standards. Since then, the country has made some progress with regard to improving access to water supply: It reached universal access to an improved water source in urban areas, and in rural areas the share of those with access increased from 66% to 79% from 1990 to 2010.[152]
South Africa also has a strong water industry with a track record in innovation. However, much less progress has been achieved on sanitation: Access increased only from 71% to 79% during the same period.[152] Significant problems remain concerning the financial sustainability of service providers, leading to a lack of attention to maintenance. The uncertainty about the government's ability to sustain funding levels in the sector is also a concern. Two distinctive features of the South African water sector are the policy of free basic water and the existence of water boards, which are bulk water supply agencies that operate pipelines and sell water from reservoirs to municipalities.
In May 2014, it was announced that Durban's Water and Sanitation Department won the Stockholm Industry Water Award "for its transformative and inclusive approach", calling it "one of the most progressive utilities in the world". The city has connected 1,300,000 additional people to piped water and provided 700,000 with access to toilets in fourteen years. It also was South Africa's first municipality to put free basic water for the poor into practice. Furthermore, it has promoted Rainwater harvesting and mini hydropower.[153]
Demographics
Main article: Demographics of South Africa




Migrations that formed the modern Rainbow Nation






Map of population density in South Africa




  <1 /km2
  1–3 /km2
  3–10 /km2
  10–30 /km2
  30–100 /km2



  100–300 /km2
  300–1000 /km2
  1000–3000 /km2
  >3000 /km2






South Africa is a nation of about 55,000,000 (2016 estimate) people of diverse origins, cultures, languages, and religions. The last census was held in 2011. South Africa is home to an estimated 5,000,000 illegal immigrants, including some 3,000,000 Zimbabweans.[154][155][156] A series of anti-immigrant riots occurred in South Africa beginning on 11 May 2008.[157][158]
Statistics South Africa asks people to describe themselves in the census in terms of five racial population groups.[159] The 2011 census figures for these groups were Black African at 79.2%, White at 8.9%, Coloured at 8.9%, Asian at 2.5%, and Other/Unspecified at 0.5%.[5]:21 The first census in South Africa in 1911 showed that whites made up 22% of the population; it declined to 16% in 1980.[160]
South Africa hosts a sizeable refugee and asylum seeker population. According to the World Refugee Survey 2008, published by the US Committee for Refugees and Immigrants, this population numbered approximately 144,700 people in 2007.[161] Groups of refugees and asylum seekers numbering over 10,000 included people from Zimbabwe (48,400), The Democratic Republic of the Congo (24,800), and Somalia (12,900).[161] These populations mainly lived in Johannesburg, Pretoria, Durban, Cape Town, and Port Elizabeth.[161] Many refugees have now also started to work and live in rural areas in provinces such as Mpumalanga, KwaZulu-Natal and the Eastern Cape.
Languages
Main article: Languages of South Africa




A map showing the dominant South African languages.



  Afrikaans
  English
  Ndebele
  Xhosa
  Zulu
  Northern Sotho



  Sotho
  Tswana
  Swazi
  Venda
  Tsonga
  None dominant






South Africa has eleven official languages:[162] Afrikaans, English, Ndebele, Northern Sotho, Sotho, Swazi, Tswana, Tsonga, Venda, Xhosa, and Zulu. In this regard it is third only to Bolivia and India in number. While all the languages are formally equal, some languages are spoken more than others. According to the 2011 census, the three most spoken first languages are Zulu (22.7%), Xhosa (16.0%), and Afrikaans (13.5%).[163] Despite the fact that English is recognised as the language of commerce and science, it ranked fourth, and was listed as the first language of only 9.6% of South Africans in 2011 but remains the de facto lingua franca of the nation.[163]
The country also recognises several unofficial languages, including Fanagalo, Khoe, Lobedu, Nama, Northern Ndebele, Phuthi, and South African Sign Language.[164] These unofficial languages may be used in certain official uses in limited areas where it has been determined that these languages are prevalent.
Many of the unofficial languages of the San and Khoikhoi people contain regional dialects stretching northwards into Namibia and Botswana, and elsewhere. These people, who are a physically distinct population from other Africans, have their own cultural identity based on their hunter-gatherer societies. They have been marginalised to a great extent, and the remainder of their languages are in danger of becoming extinct.
Many White South Africans also speak European languages, including Portuguese (also spoken by Black Angolans and Mozambicans), German, and Greek, while some Asians in South Africa speak Asian languages, such as Gujarati, Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, and Urdu. French is spoken in South Africa by immigrants from French-speaking parts of Africa.
Urban centres



 


v
t
e


Largest cities or towns in South Africa
2011 Census



Rank
Name
Province
Pop.


1
City of Johannesburg
Gauteng
4,434,827[165]


2
City of Cape Town
Western Cape
3,740,026[166]


3
EThekwini Metropolitan Municipality
KwaZulu-Natal
3,442,361[167]


4
Ekurhuleni
Gauteng
3,178,470[168]


5
City of Tshwane
Gauteng
2,921,488[169]


6
Nelson Mandela Bay
Eastern Cape
1,152,115[170]


7
Buffalo City Metropolitan Municipality
Eastern Cape
755,200[171]


8
Mangaung
Free State
747,431[172]


9
Emfuleni
Gauteng
721,663[173]


10
Polokwane Local Municipality
Limpopo
628,999 [174]


Religion
Main article: Religion in South Africa




Nederduits Gereformeerde Kerk in Wolmaransstad






Sangoma performing a traditional baptism in Alexandra, Johannesburg


According to the 2001 census, Christians accounted for 79.8% of the population, with a majority of them being members of various Protestant denominations (broadly defined to include syncretic African initiated churches) and a minority of Roman Catholics and other Christians. Christian category includes Zion Christian (11.1%), Pentecostal (Charismatic) (8.2%), Roman Catholic (7.1%), Methodist (6.8%), Dutch Reformed (Nederduits Gereformeerde Kerk; 6.7%), Anglican (3.8%). Members of remaining Christian churches accounted for another 36% of the population. Muslims accounted for 1.5% of the population, Hindus 1.2%, traditional African religion 0.3% and Judaism 0.2%. 15.1% had no religious affiliation, 0.6% were other and 1.4% were unspecified.[137][175][176]
African initiated churches formed the largest of the Christian groups. It was believed that many of the persons who claimed no affiliation with any organised religion adhered to traditional African religion. There are an estimated 200,000 indigenous traditional healers in South Africa, and up to 60% of South Africans consult these healers,[177] generally called sangomas or inyangas. These healers use a combination of ancestral spiritual beliefs and a belief in the spiritual and medicinal properties of local fauna and flora, commonly known as muti, to facilitate healing in clients. Many peoples have syncretic religious practices combining Christian and indigenous influences.[178]
South African Muslims comprise mainly those who are described as "Coloured" and those who are described as Indians. They have been joined by Black or White South African converts as well as others from other parts of Africa.[179] South African Muslims claim that their faith is the fastest-growing religion of conversion in the country, with the number of black Muslims growing sixfold, from 12,000 in 1991 to 74,700 in 2004.[179][180]
South Africa is also home to a substantial Jewish population, descended from European Jews who arrived as a minority among other European settlers. This population peaked in the 1970s at 120,000, though only around 67,000 remain today, the rest having emigrated. Even so, these numbers make the Jewish community in South Africa the twelfth largest in the world.[181]
Ethnic Indian Hindus form another significant portion of the population.[175]
Culture
Main article: Culture of South Africa




Decorated houses, Drakensberg


The South African black majority still has a substantial number of rural inhabitants who lead largely impoverished lives. It is among these people that cultural traditions survive most strongly; as Blacks have become increasingly urbanised and Westernised, aspects of traditional culture have declined. Members of the middle-class, who are predominantly White but whose ranks include growing numbers of Black, Coloured and Indian people,[182] have lifestyles similar in many respects to that of people found in Western Europe, North America and Australasia.
The South African Scout Association was one of the first youth organisations to open its doors to youth and adults of all races in South Africa. This happened on 2 July 1977 at a conference known as Quo Vadis.[183]
Arts




Eland, rock painting, Drakensberg


South African art includes the oldest art objects in the world, which were discovered in a South African cave, and dated from 75,000 years ago.[184] The scattered tribes of Khoisan peoples moving into South Africa from around 10,000 BC had their own fluent art styles seen today in a multitude of cave paintings. They were superseded by Bantu/Nguni peoples with their own vocabularies of art forms. New forms of art evolved in the mines and townships: a dynamic art using everything from plastic strips to bicycle spokes. The Dutch-influenced folk art of the Afrikaner Trekboers and the urban white artists earnestly following changing European traditions from the 1850s onwards also contributed to this eclectic mix, which continues to evolve today.




Olive Schreiner


South African literature emerged from a unique social and political history. One of the first well-known novels written by a Black author in an African language was Solomon Thekiso Plaatje's Mhudi, written in 1930. During the 1950s, Drum magazine became a hotbed of political satire, fiction, and essays, giving a voice to urban Black culture.
Notable White South African authors include Alan Paton, who published the acclaimed novel Cry, the Beloved Country in 1948. Nadine Gordimer became the first South African to be awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1991. Her most famous novel, July's People, was released in 1981. J.M. Coetzee won the Nobel Prize for Literature, in 2003. When awarding the prize, the Swedish Academy stated that Coetzee "in innumerable guises portrays the surprising involvement of the outsider".[185]
The plays of Athol Fugard have been regularly premiered in fringe theatres in South Africa, London (The Royal Court Theatre) and New York. Olive Schreiner's The Story of an African Farm (1883) was a revelation in Victorian literature: it is heralded by many as introducing feminism into the novel form.
Breyten Breytenbach was jailed for his involvement with the guerrilla movement against apartheid. Andre Brink was the first Afrikaner writer to be banned by the government after he released the novel A Dry White Season.
Popular culture
The South African media sector is large, and South Africa is one of Africa's major media centres. While South Africa's many broadcasters and publications reflect the diversity of the population as a whole, the most commonly used language is English. However, all ten other official languages are represented to some extent or another.
There is great diversity in South African music. Black musicians have developed a unique style called Kwaito. Kwaito is said to have taken over radio, television, and magazines.[186] Of note is Brenda Fassie, who launched to fame with her song "Weekend Special", which was sung in English. More famous traditional musicians include Ladysmith Black Mambazo, while the Soweto String Quartet performs classic music with an African flavour. South Africa has produced world-famous jazz musicians, notably Hugh Masekela, Jonas Gwangwa, Abdullah Ibrahim, Miriam Makeba, Jonathan Butler, Chris McGregor, and Sathima Bea Benjamin. Afrikaans music covers multiple genres, such as the contemporary Steve Hofmeyr, the punk rock band Fokofpolisiekar and the singer-songwriter Jeremy Loops.
Although few South African film productions are known outside South Africa itself, many foreign films have been produced about South Africa. Arguably, the most high-profile film portraying South Africa in recent years was District 9. Other notable exceptions are the film Tsotsi, which won the Academy Award for Foreign Language Film at the 78th Academy Awards in 2006 as well as U-Carmen e-Khayelitsha, which won the Golden Bear at the 2005 Berlin International Film Festival. In 2015, Oliver Hermanus' film, The Endless River, became the first South African film selected for the Venice Film Festival.
Cuisine
Main article: South African cuisine




Meat on a traditional South African braai


South African culture is diverse; foods from many cultures are enjoyed by all and especially marketed to tourists who wish to sample the large variety of South African cuisine. In addition to food, music and dance feature prominently.[citation needed]
South African cuisine is heavily meat-based and has spawned the distinctively South African social gathering known as a braai, or barbecue. South Africa has also developed into a major wine producer, with some of the best vineyards lying in valleys around Stellenbosch, Franschhoek, Paarl and Barrydale.[187]
Sports
Main article: Sport in South Africa
South Africa's most popular sports are soccer, rugby and cricket.[188] Other sports with significant support are swimming, athletics, golf, boxing, tennis, ringball, and netball. Although soccer commands the greatest following among the youth, other sports like basketball, surfing and skateboarding are increasingly popular.
Soccer players who have played for major foreign clubs include Steven Pienaar, Lucas Radebe and Philemon Masinga, Benni McCarthy, Aaron Mokoena, and Delron Buckley. South Africa, hosted the 2010 FIFA World Cup, and FIFA president Sepp Blatter awarded South Africa a grade 9 out of 10 for successfully hosting the event. The 2010 FIFA World Cup also marked the first time the competition had been hosted on the African continent.[189]




The Springboks in a bus parade after winning the 2007 Rugby World Cup


Famous boxing personalities include Baby Jake Jacob Matlala, Vuyani Bungu, Welcome Ncita, Dingaan Thobela, Gerrie Coetzee and Brian Mitchell. Durban Surfer Jordy Smith won the 2010 Billabong J-Bay competition making him the #1 ranked surfer in the world. South Africa produced Formula One motor racing's 1979 world champion Jody Scheckter. Famous current cricket players include AB de Villiers, Hashim Amla, Dale Steyn, Vernon Philander, Faf du Plessis etc. Most of them also participate in the Indian Premier League.
South Africa has also produced numerous world class rugby players, including Francois Pienaar, Joost van der Westhuizen, Danie Craven, Frik du Preez, Naas Botha and Bryan Habana. South Africa hosted and won the 1995 Rugby World Cup and won the 2007 Rugby World Cup in France. It followed the 1995 Rugby World Cup by hosting the 1996 African Cup of Nations, with the national team going on to win the tournament. It also hosted the 2003 Cricket World Cup, the 2007 World Twenty20 Championship. South Africa has also won the inaugural edition of the 1998 ICC KnockOut Trophy by defeating West Indies in the final.South Africa team also went onto win the inaugural edition of the Blind Cricket World Cup in 1998.
In 2004, the swimming team of Roland Schoeman, Lyndon Ferns, Darian Townsend and Ryk Neethling won the gold medal at the Olympic Games in Athens, simultaneously breaking the world record in the 4x100 freestyle relay. Penny Heyns won Olympic Gold in the 1996 Atlanta Olympic Games. In 2012, Oscar Pistorius became the first double amputee sprinter to compete at the Olympic Games in London. In golf, Gary Player is generally regarded as one of the greatest golfers of all time, having won the Career Grand Slam, one of five golfers to have done so. Other South African golfers to have won major tournaments include Bobby Locke, Ernie Els, Retief Goosen, Tim Clark, Trevor Immelman, Louis Oosthuizen and Charl Schwartzel.
Education
Main article: Education in South Africa




Schoolchildren in Mitchell's Plain


The adult literacy rate in 2007 was 88.7%.[190] South Africa has a 3-tier system of education starting with primary school, followed by high school and tertiary education in the form of (academic) universities and universities of technology. Learners have twelve years of formal schooling, from Grades 1-12. Grade R is a pre-primary foundation year. [191] Primary schools span the first seven years of schooling.[192] High School education spans a further five years. The Senior Certificate examination takes place at the end of Grade 12 and is necessary for tertiary studies at a South African university.[191]
Public universities in South Africa are divided into three types: traditional universities, which offer theoretically-oriented university degrees; universities of technology ("Technikons"), which offer vocational oriented diplomas and degrees; and comprehensive universities, which offer both types of qualifications. There are 23 public universities in South Africa: 11 traditional universities, 6 universities of technology and 6 comprehensive universities.
Under apartheid, schools for Blacks were subject to discrimination through inadequate funding and a separate syllabus called Bantu Education which was only designed to give them sufficient skills to work as labourers.[193] In 2004, South Africa started reforming its higher education system, merging and incorporating smaller universities into larger institutions, and renaming all higher education institutions "university" to redress these imbalances. By 2015, 1,400,000 students in higher education have benefited from a financial aid scheme which was promulgated in 1999.[194]
Public expenditure on education was at 5.4% of the 2002–05 GDP.[195]
Health
Main article: Health in South Africa




AIDS has caused a fall in life expectancy.


According to the South African Institute of Race Relations, the life expectancy in 2009 was 71 years for a White South African and 48 years for a Black South African.[196] The healthcare spending in the country is about 9% of GDP.[197]
Only 16% of the population is covered by medical schemes.[198] About 20% use private healthcare.[199] The rest pay "out of pocket" or through hospital cash plans.[199] The three dominant hospital groups, Mediclinic, Life Healthcare and Netcare, together control 75% of the market.[199] About 84% of the population depend on the public healthcare system,[197] which is beset with chronic human resource shortages and limited resources.[200]
South Africa is home to the third-largest hospital in the world, the Chris Hani Baragwanath Hospital.[201]
HIV/AIDS
Main article: HIV/AIDS in South Africa
According to the 2015 UNAIDS Report, South Africa has an estimated 7,000,000 people living with HIV– more than any other country in the world.[202] A 2008 study revealed that HIV/AIDS infection in South Africa is distinctly divided along racial lines: 13.6% of Blacks are HIV-positive, whereas only 0.3% of Whites have the disease.[203] Most deaths are experienced by economically active individuals, resulting in many AIDS orphans who in many cases depend on the state for care and financial support.[204] It is estimated that there are 1,200,000 orphaned children in South Africa.[204]
The link between HIV, a virus spread primarily by sexual contact, and AIDS was long denied by prior president Thabo Mbeki and then health minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang, who insisted that the many deaths in the country are due to malnutrition, and hence poverty, and not HIV.[205] In 2007, in response to international pressure, the government made efforts to fight AIDS.[206] After the 2009 general election, President Jacob Zuma appointed Dr Aaron Motsoaledi as the new minister and committed his government to increasing funding for and widening the scope of AIDS treatment.[207]
See also


South Africa portal







Book: South Africa





Index of South Africa-related articles
Outline of South Africa


Notes



^ The Khoi, Nama and San languages, South African Sign Language, German, Greek, Gujarati, Hindi, Portuguese, Telugu, Tamil, Urdu, Arabic, Hebrew, Sanskrit and "other languages used for religious purposes in South Africa" have a special status (Chapter 1, Article 6 of the South African Constitution).



References


^ "The Constitution". Constitutional Court of South Africa. Retrieved 3 September 2009. 
^ "Principal Agglomerations of the World". Citypopulation.de. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ Mid-year population estimates 2014. Statistics South Africa
^ a b "Mid-year population estimates 2015" (PDF). Statistics South Africa. Retrieved 11 August 2015. 
^ a b c Census 2011: Census in brief (PDF). Pretoria: Statistics South Africa. 2012. ISBN 9780621413885. Retrieved 12 January 2013. [permanent dead link]
^ a b c d e "South Africa". International Monetary Fund. Retrieved 26 April 2015. 
^ "Gini Index". World Bank. Retrieved 2 March 2011. 
^ "2015 Human Development Report" (PDF). United Nations Development Programme. 2015. Retrieved 15 December 2015. 
^ "South African Maritime Safety Authority". South African Maritime Safety Authority. Retrieved 16 June 2008. 
^ "Coastline". The World Factbook. CIA. Retrieved 16 June 2008. 
^ a b c d "South Africa Fast Facts". SouthAfrica.info. April 2007. Retrieved 14 June 2008. 
^ Guy Arnold. "Lesotho: Year In Review 1996 – Britannica Online Encyclopedia". Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Rainbow Nation – dream or reality?". BBC News. 18 July 2008. Retrieved 10 August 2013. 
^ "South Africa". World Bank. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ David Waugh (2000). "Manufacturing industries (chapter 19), World development (chapter 22)". Geography: An Integrated Approach. Nelson Thornes. pp. 563, 576–579, 633, 640. ISBN 978-0-17-444706-1. Retrieved 24 August 2013. 
^ "South Africa's Unemployment Rate Increases to 23.5%". Bloomberg. 5 May 2009. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ "HDI" (PDF). UNDP. Archived from the original (PDF) on 19 December 2008. 
^ Cooper, Andrew F; Antkiewicz, Agata; Shaw, Timothy M (10 December 2007). "Lessons from/for BRICSAM about South-North Relations at the Start of the 21st Century: Economic Size Trumps All Else?". International Studies Review. 9 (4): 675, 687. doi:10.1111/j.1468-2486.2007.00730.x. 
^ David A. Lynch (2010). Trade and Globalization: An Introduction to Regional Trade Agreements. Rowman & Littlefield. p. 51. ISBN 978-0-7425-6689-7. Retrieved 25 August 2013. Southern Africa is home to the other of sub-Saharan Africa's regional powers: South Africa. South Africa is more than just a regional power; it is currently the most developed and economically powerful country in Africa, and now it is able to use that influence in Africa more than during the days of apartheid, when it was ostracised. 
^ Livermon, Xavier (2008). "Sounds in the City". In Nuttall, Sarah; Mbembé, Achille. Johannesburg: The Elusive Metropolis. Durham: Duke University Press. p. 283. ISBN 9780822381211. Mzansi is another black urban vernacular term popular with the youth and standing for South Africa. 
^ "Mzansi DiToloki". Deaf Federation of South Africa. Archived from the original on 16 January 2014. Retrieved 15 January 2014. uMzantsi in Xhosa means 'south', Mzansi means this country, South Africa 
^ Taylor, Darren. "South African Party Says Call Their Country ‘Azania’". VOA. Retrieved 18 February 2017. 
^ Wymer, John; Singer, R (1982). The Middle Stone Age at Klasies River Mouth in South Africa. Chicago: University of Chicago Press. ISBN 0-226-76103-7. 
^ Deacon, HJ (2001). "Guide to Klasies River" (PDF). Stellenbosch University. p. 11. Retrieved 5 September 2009. 
^ "Fossil Hominid Sites of Sterkfontein, Swartkrans, Kromdraai, and Environs". 
^ Stephen P. Broker. "Hominid Evolution". Yale-New Haven Teachers Institute. Retrieved 19 June 2008. 
^ Langer, William L., ed. (1972). An Encyclopedia of World History (5th ed.). Boston, MA: Houghton Mifflin Company. p. 9. ISBN 0-395-13592-3. 
^ Domville-Fife, C.W. (1900). The encyclopedia of the British Empire the first encyclopedic record of the greatest empire in the history of the world ed. London: Rankin. p. 25. 
^ Mackenzie, W. Douglas; Stead, Alfred (1899). South Africa: Its History, Heroes, and Wars. Chicago: The Co-Operative Publishing Company. 
^ Pakeman, SA. Nations of the Modern World: Ceylon (1964 ed.). Frederick A Praeger, Publishers. pp. 18–19. ASIN B0000CM2VW. 
^ a b c Alexander Wilmot & John Centlivres Chase. History of the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope: From Its Discovery to the Year 1819 (2010 ed.). Claremont: David Philip (Pty) Ltd. pp. 1–548. ISBN 978-1144830159. 
^ Kaplan, Irving. Area Handbook for the Republic of South Africa (PDF). pp. 46–771. 
^ "African History Timeline". West Chester University of Pennsylvania. 
^ a b Hunt, John (2005). Campbell, Heather-Ann, ed. Dutch South Africa: Early Settlers at the Cape, 1652-1708. Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press. pp. 13–35. ISBN 978-1904744955. 
^ Worden, Nigel. Slavery in Dutch South Africa (2010 ed.). Cambridge University Press. pp. 40–43. ISBN 978-0521152662. 
^ a b Nelson, Harold. Zimbabwe: A Country Study. pp. 237–317. 
^ a b c d e Stapleton, Timothy (2010). A Military History of South Africa: From the Dutch-Khoi Wars to the End of Apartheid. Santa Barbara: Praeger Security International. pp. 4–6. ISBN 978-0313365898. 
^ Keegan, Timothy. Colonial South Africa and the Origins of the Racial Order (1996 ed.). David Philip Publishers (Pty) Ltd. pp. 85–86. ISBN 978-0813917351. 
^ a b c Lloyd, Trevor Owen (1997). The British Empire, 1558-1995. Oxford: Oxford University Press. pp. 201–203. ISBN 978-0198731337. 
^ "Shaka: Zulu Chieftain". Historynet.com. Archived from the original on 9 February 2008. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Shaka (Zulu chief)". Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ W. D. Rubinstein (2004). Genocide: A History. Pearson Longman. p. 22. ISBN 978-0-582-50601-5. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Williams, Garner F (1905). The Diamond Mines of South Africa, Vol II. New York: B. F Buck & Co. pp. Chapter XX. 
^ Bond, Patrick (1999). Cities of gold, townships of coal: essays on South Africa's new urban crisis. Africa World Press. p. 140. ISBN 978-0-86543-611-4. 
^ Cape of Good Hope (South Africa). Parliament House. (1906). "Report of the Select Committee on Location Act". Cape Times Limited. Retrieved 30 July 2009. 
^ Godley, Godfrey Archibald, Welsh, William Thomson, Hemsworth, H. D (1920). "Report of the Inter-departmental committee on the native pass laws". Cape Times Limited, government printers: 2. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Great Britain Colonial Office; Transvaal (Colony). Governor (1901–1905: Milner) (January 1902). "Papers relating to legislation affecting natives in the Transvaal". His Majesty's Stationery Office. 
^ De Villiers, John Abraham Jacob (1896). The Transvaal. London: Chatto & Windus. pp. 30 (n46). Retrieved 30 July 2009. 
^  Cana, Frank Richardson (1911). "South Africa". In Chisholm, Hugh. Encyclopædia Britannica. 25 (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press. p. 467. 
^ "Native Land Act". South African Institute of Race Relations. 19 June 1913. Archived from the original on 14 October 2010. 
^ Beinart, William (2001). Twentieth-century South Africa. Oxford University Press. p. 202. ISBN 978-0-19-289318-5.
^ "Hendrik Frensch Verwoerd". South African History Online. Retrieved 9 March 2013. On 5 October 1960 a referendum was held in which White voters were asked "Do you support a republic for the Union?" — 52 percent voted 'Yes'. 
^ Gibson, Nigel; Alexander, Amanda; Mngxitama, Andile (2008). Biko Lives! Contesting the Legacies of Steve Biko. Hampshire: Palgrave Macmillan. p. 138. ISBN 978-0230606494. 
^ Switzer, Les (2000). South Africa's Resistance Press: Alternative Voices in the Last Generation Under Apartheid. Issue 74 of Research in international studies: Africa series. Ohio University Press. p. 2. ISBN 9780896802131. 
^ Mitchell, Thomas (2008). Native vs Settler: Ethnic Conflict in Israel/Palestine, Northern Ireland and South Africa. Westport: Greenwood Publishing Group. pp. 194–196. ISBN 978-0313313578. 
^ Bridgland, Fred (1990). The War for Africa: Twelve months that transformed a continent. Gibraltar: Ashanti Publishing. p. 32. ISBN 978-1-874800-12-5. 
^ Landgren, Signe. Embargo Disimplemented: South Africa's Military Industry (1989 ed.). Oxford University Press. pp. 6–10. ISBN 978-0-19-829127-5. 
^ "South Africa Profile". Nti.org. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ John Pike. "Nuclear Weapons Program (South Africa)". Globalsecurity.org. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ a b c "Post-Apartheid South Africa: the First Ten Years – Unemployment and the Labor Market" (PDF). IMF. 
^ "Zuma surprised at level of white poverty — Mail & Guardian Online: The smart news source". Mail & Guardian. 18 April 2008. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ "South Africa". Human Development Report. United Nations Development Programme. 2006. Archived from the original on 29 November 2007. Retrieved 28 November 2007. 
^ "Ridicule succeeds where leadership failed on AIDS". South African Institute of Race Relations. 10 November 2006. Archived from the original on 24 May 2016. 
^ a b "Broke-on-Broke Violence". Retrieved 6 July 2011. 
^ "COHRE statement on Xenophobic Attacks". Retrieved 6 July 2011. 
^ Southern African Migration Project; Institute for Democracy in South Africa; Queen's University (2008). Jonathan Crush, ed. The perfect storm: the realities of xenophobia in contemporary South Africa (PDF). Idasa. p. 1. ISBN 978-1-920118-71-6. Archived from the original (PDF) on 30 July 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ a b c d United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. "UNHCR Global Appeal 2011 – South Africa". UNHCR. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Country Comparison". World Factbook. CIA. 
^ McCarthy, T. & Rubidge, B. (2005). The story of earth and life. p. 263, 267-268. Struik Publishers, Cape Town.
^ a b c d Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 13. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ Encyclopædia Britannica (1975); Micropaedia Vol. III, p. 655. Helen Hemingway Benton Publishers, Chicago.
^ Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 186. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ "Kruger National Park". Africa.com. Archived from the original on 18 December 2014. Retrieved 16 December 2014. 
^ Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 151. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ McCarthy, T. & Rubidge, B. (2005). The story of earth and life. p. 194. Struik Publishers, Cape Town.
^ a b Geological map of South Africa, Lesotho and Swaziland (1970). Council for Geoscience, Geological Survey of South Africa.
^ Encyclopædia Britannica (1975); Micropaedia Vol. VI, p. 750. Helen Hemingway Benton Publishers, Chicago.
^ a b Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 19. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 113. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ "South Africa's geography — SouthAfrica.info". Safrica.info. Archived from the original on 8 June 2010. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ South Africa yearbook. South African Communication Service. 1997. p. 3. 
^ "List of Parties". Retrieved 8 December 2012. 
^ a b "South Africa's National Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plan" (PDF). Retrieved 10 December 2012. 
^ "Biodiversity of the world by countries". Institutoaqualung.com.br. Archived from the original on 1 November 2010. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ Rong, I. H.; Baxter, A. P. (2006). "The South African National Collection of Fungi: Celebrating a centenary 1905-2005". Studies in Mycology. 55: 1–12. PMC 2104721 . PMID 18490968. doi:10.3114/sim.55.1.1. 
^ Crous, P. W.; Rong, I. H.; Wood, A.; Lee, S.; Glen, H.; Botha, W. l; Slippers, B.; De Beer, W. Z.; Wingfield, M. J.; Hawksworth, D. L. (2006). "How many species of fungi are there at the tip of Africa?". Studies in Mycology. 55: 13–33. PMC 2104731 . PMID 18490969. doi:10.3114/sim.55.1.13. 
^ Marincowitz, S.; Crous, P.W.; Groenewald J.Z. & Wingfield, M.J. (2008). "Microfungi occurring on Proteaceae in the fynbos. CBS Biodiversity Series 7." (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 29 July 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Marco Lambertini. "The Flora / The Richest Botany in the World". A Anturalist's Guide to the Tropics (Revised edition (May 15, 2000) ed.). University Of Chicago Press. p. 46. ISBN 978-0226468280.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Plants and Vegetation in South Africa". Southafrica-travel.net. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ Environmental Affairs (22 January 2015). "Progress in the war against poaching". Environmental Affairs. South Africa. Retrieved 22 January 2015. 
^ "South African National Biodiversity Institute". Sanbi.org. 30 September 2011. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Term Limits in Africa". The Economist. 6 April 2006. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Chapter 4 – Parliament". 19 August 2009. Archived from the original on 30 May 2013. Retrieved 3 August 2013. 
^ Abahlali baseMjondolo. "Mercury: Rethinking the crisis of local democracy". Abahlali.org. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ J. Duncan (31 May 2010). "The Return of State Repression". South African Civil Society Information Services. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Increasing police repression highlighted by recent case". Freedom of Expression Institute. 2006. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Imraan Buccus (2011). "Political tolerance on the wane in South Africa". SA Reconciliation Barometer. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "South Africa's recent performance in the Ibrahim Index of African Governance". Mo Ibrahim Foundation. Archived from the original on 18 February 2013. Retrieved 16 February 2013. 
^ "SA marriage law signed". BBC News. 30 November 2006. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Pamela Snyman & Amanda Barratt (2 October 2002). "Researching South African Law". w/ Library Resource Xchange. Archived from the original on 17 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ "How dangerous is South Africa?". BBC News. 17 May 2010. 
^ http://mg.co.za/article/2014-09-22-factsheet-south-africas-official-crime-stats-unpacked/
^ K Landman. "Gated communities in South Africa: Comparison of four case studies in Gauteng" (PDF). Wits University. Retrieved 5 March 2013. [permanent dead link]
^ "South Africa has world's largest private security industry; needs regulation – Mthethwa". DefenceWeb. Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ "Bigger than the army: South Africa's private security forces". CNN. 8 February 2013. Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ "Afrikaner Farmers Migrating to Georgia". VOA. 14 September 2011. Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ Adriana Stuijt (17 February 2009). "Two more S. African farmers killed: death toll now at 3,037". Digital Journal. Archived from the original on 20 May 2011. Retrieved 24 May 2011. 
^ "SOUTH AFRICA: One in four men rape". IRIN. 18 June 2009. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "South Africa's corrective rape". Time. 8 March 2011. Retrieved 12 July 2011. 
^ "South African rape survey shock". BBC News. 18 June 2009. Retrieved 23 May 2010. 
^ "South Africa's rape shock". BBC News. 19 January 1999. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ a b "Child rape in South Africa". Medscape. Retrieved 31 December 2010. 
^ Perry, Alex (5 November 2007). "Oprah scandal rocks South Africa". Time. Retrieved 15 May 2011. 
^ Rosalind Rosenberg (Summer 2001). "Virginia Gildersleeve: Opening the Gates (Living Legacies)". Columbia Magazine. 
^ Schlesinger, Stephen E. (2004). Act of Creation: The Founding of the United Nations: A Story of Superpowers, Secret Agents, Wartime Allies and Enemies, and Their Quest for a Peaceful World. Cambridge, Massachusetts: Westview, Perseus Books Group. pp. 236–7. ISBN 0-8133-3275-3. 
^ "China, South Africa upgrade relations to "comprehensive strategic partnership"". Capetown.china-consulate.org. 25 August 2010. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "New era as South Africa joins BRICS". Southafrica.info. 11 April 2011. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "SA brings 'unique attributes' to BRICS". Southafrica.info. 14 April 2011. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ a b "Constitution of the Republic of South Africa Act 200 of 1993 (Section 224)". South African Government. 1993. Archived from the original on 12 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ Col L B van Stade, Senior Staff Officer Rationalisation, SANDF (1997). "Rationalisation in the SANDF: The Next Challenge". Institute for Security Studies. Archived from the original on 16 March 2016. Retrieved 23 June 2008. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "Defence Act 42 of 2002" (PDF). South African Government. 12 February 2003. p. 18. Archived from the original (PDF) on 24 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ a b c Mosiuoa Lekota (5 September 2005). "Address by the Minister of Defence at a media breakfast at Defence Headquarters, Pretoria". Department of Defence. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ a b Lieutenant Colonel Roy E. Horton III (BS, Electrical Engineering; MS, Strategic Intelligence) (October 1999). "Out of (South) Africa: Pretoria's Nuclear Weapons Experience". USAF Institute for National Security Studies. Retrieved 23 June 2008. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ a b c Educational Foundation for Nuclear Science, Inc. (May 1993). "South Africa comes clean". Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists. Educational Foundation for Nuclear Science, Inc. pp. 3–4. ISSN 0096-3402. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Christine Dodson (22 October 1979). "South Atlantic Nuclear Event (National Security Council, Memorandum)" (PDF). George Washington University under Freedom of Information Act Request. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ Stats in Brief, 2010 (PDF). Pretoria: Statistics South Africa. 2010. p. 3. ISBN 978-0-621-39563-1. 
^ "Inequality in income or expenditure / Gini index, Human Development Report 2007/08". Hdrstats.undp.org. 4 November 2010. Archived from the original on 16 January 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Distribution of family income – Gini index". Cia.gov. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "South Africa has highest gap between rich and poor". Business Report. 28 September 2009. Archived from the original on 23 October 2011. Retrieved 7 November 2010. 
^ "South Africa's economy: How it could do even better.". The Economist. 22 July 2010. Retrieved 17 October 2011. 
^ "DEPWeb: Beyond Economic Growth". The World Bank Group. Retrieved 17 October 2011. 
^ a b "Economic Assessment of South Africa 2008: Achieving Accelerated and Shared Growth for South Africa". OECD. Archived from the original on 9 August 2009. 
^ "Commanding Plights." The Economist 29 August 2015: 37-38. Print.
^ "SA Economic Research – Tourism Update" (PDF). m/ Investec. October 2005. Archived from the original (PDF) on 24 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ Solomon, Hussein (1996). "Strategic Perspectives on Illegal Immigration into South Africa". African Security Review. 5 (4): 3. doi:10.1080/10246029.1996.9627681. Archived from the original on 19 October 2005. 
^ Mattes, Robert; Crush, Jonathan & Richmond, Wayne. "The Brain Gain: Skilled Migrants and Immigration Policy in Post-Apartheid South Africa". Southern African Migration Project, Queens College, Canada. Archived from the original on 25 November 2005. 
^ a b "South Africa". The World Factbook. CIA. 
^ Unequal protection the state response to violent crime on South African farms. Human Rights Watch. 2001. ISBN 1-56432-263-7. 
^ Mohamed, Najma (2000). "Greening Land and Agrarian Reform: A Case for Sustainable Agriculture". In Ben Cousins. At the Crossroads: Land and Agrarian Reform in South Africa Into the 21st Century. Programme for Land and Agrarian Studies (PLAAS). ISBN 978-1-86808-467-8. 
^ "African Countries of the Future 2013/14". fDiIntelligence.com. Retrieved 4 December 2013. 
^ Neva Makgetla (31 March 2010). "Inequality on scale found in SA bites like acid". Business Day. South Africa. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Black middle class boosts car sales in South Africa – Business – Mail & Guardian Online". Mail & Guardian. 15 January 2006. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Economic Assessment of South Africa 2008". OECD. Archived from the original on 23 April 2009. 
^ Collier, P. (3 December 2004). "World Bank, IMF study 2004". Journal of African Economies. Jae.oxfordjournals.org. 13: ii15. doi:10.1093/jae/ejh042. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ "Health Personnel in Southern Africa: Confronting maldistribution and brain drain" (PDF). Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ Haroon Bhorat; et al. (2002). "Skilled Labour Migration from Developing Countries: Study on South and Southern Africa" (PDF). International Labour Office. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "South Africa's brain-drain generation returning home". CNN World. 22 April 2009. Archived from the original on 16 December 2010. Retrieved 4 June 2011. 
^ "South Africa's brain drain reversing". Times Live. Retrieved 4 June 2011. 
^ "Graduates confident about SA". Times Live. Retrieved 4 June 2011. 
^ "SKA announces Founding Board and selects Jodrell Bank Observatory to host Project Office". SKA 2011. 2 April 2011. Retrieved 14 April 2011. 
^ "Africa and Australasia to share Square Kilometre Array". BBC. 25 May 2012. 
^ a b WHO/UNICEF:Joint Monitoring Programme for Water Supply and Sanitation:Data table South Africa Archived 9 February 2014 at the Wayback Machine., 2010. Retrieved 3 November 2012
^ ""Most progressive water utility in Africa" wins 2014Stockholm Industry Water Award". Stockholm International Water Institute (SIWI). Retrieved 8 June 2014. 
^ "Anti-immigrant violence spreads in South Africa, with attacks reported in Cape Town – The New York Times". International Herald Tribune. 23 May 2008. Archived from the original on 21 February 2009. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Escape From Mugabe: Zimbabwe's Exodus". Archived from the original on 24 January 2016. 
^ "More illegals set to flood SA". Fin24. Archived from the original on 14 February 2009. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "South African mob kills migrants". BBC. 12 May 2008. Retrieved 19 May 2008. 
^ Barry Bearak (23 May 2008). "Immigrants Fleeing Fury of South African Mobs". The New York Times. Retrieved 5 August 2008. 
^ Lehohla, Pali (5 May 2005). "Debate over race and censuses not peculiar to SA". Business Report. Archived from the original on 14 August 2007. Retrieved 25 August 2013. Others pointed out that the repeal of the Population Registration Act in 1991 removed any legal basis for specifying "race". The Identification Act of 1997 makes no mention of race. On the other hand, the Employment Equity Act speaks of "designated groups" being "black people, women and people with disabilities". The Act defines "Black" as referring to "Africans, coloureds and Indians". Apartheid and the racial identification which underpinned it explicitly linked race with differential access to resources and power. If the post-apartheid order was committed to remedying this, race would have to be included in surveys and censuses, so that progress in eradicating the consequences of apartheid could be measured and monitored. This was the reasoning that led to a "self-identifying" question about "race" or "population group" in both the 1996 and 2001 censuses, and in Statistics SA's household survey programme. 
^ Study Commission on U.S. Policy toward Southern Africa (U.S.) (1981). South Africa: time running out: the report of the Study Commission on U.S. Policy Toward Southern Africa. University of California Press. p. 42. ISBN 0-520-04547-5. 
^ a b c "World Refugee Survey 2008". U.S. Committee for Refugees and Immigrants. 19 June 2008. Archived from the original on 19 October 2014. 
^ "Constitution of South Africa, Chapter 1, Section 6". Fs.gov.za. Archived from the original on 13 November 2012. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ a b Census 2011: Census in brief (PDF). Pretoria: Statistics South Africa. 2012. pp. 23–25. ISBN 9780621413885. [permanent dead link]
^ "The languages of South Africa". SouthAfrica.info. 4 February 1997. Retrieved 7 November 2010. 
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ a b "South Africa – Section I. Religious Demography". U.S. Department of State. Retrieved 15 July 2006. 
^ Wessel Bentley; Dion Angus Forster (2008). "God's mission in our context, healing and transforming responses". Methodism in Southern Africa: A Celebration of Wesleyan Mission. AcadSA. pp. 97–98. ISBN 978-1-920212-29-2. 
^ van Wyk, Ben-Erik and van Oudtshoorn, Gericke N (1999). Medicinal Plants of South Africa. Pretoria: Briza Publications. p. 10. ISBN 978-1-875093-37-3. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "South Africa". State.gov. 15 September 2006. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ a b "In South Africa, many blacks convert to Islam / The Christian Science Monitor". The Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Muslims say their faith growing fast in Africa". Religionnewsblog.com. Retrieved 7 November 2010. 
^ Rebecca Weiner, Rebecca Weiner, ed. (2010), South African Jewish History and Information (PDF), Jewish Virtual Library, retrieved 13 August 2010 
^ "Black middle class explodes". FIN24. 22 May 2007. Archived from the original on 22 August 2007. 
^ "History of Scouting in South Africa". History of Scouting in South Africa. South African Scout Association. 2006. Retrieved 30 November 2006. 
^ Radford, Tim (16 April 2004). "World's Oldest Jewellery Found in Cave". London: Buzzle.com. Retrieved 16 April 2011. 
^ "The Nobel Prize in Literature: John Maxwell Coetzee". Swedish Academy. 2 October 2003. Retrieved 2 August 2009. 
^ "South African music after Apartheid: kwaito, the "party politic," and the appropriation of gold as a sign of success". Archived from the original on 13 June 2013. 
^ "South African Wine Guide: Stellenbosch, Constantia, Walker Bay and more". Thewinedoctor.com. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Sport in South Africa". SouthAfrica.info. Retrieved 28 June 2010. 
^ Cooper, Billy (12 July 2010). "South Africa gets 9/10 for World Cup". Mail & Guardian. Archived from the original on 15 July 2010. Retrieved 9 September 2010. 
^ "National adult literacy rates (15+), youth literacy rates (15–24) and elderly literacy rates (65+)". UNESCO Institute for Statistics. 
^ a b "A parent's guide to schooling". Retrieved 31 August 2010. 
^ "Education in South Africa". SouthAfrica.info. Archived from the original on 17 June 2010. Retrieved 20 June 2010. 
^ "Bantu Education". Overcoming Apartheid. Retrieved 20 June 2010. 
^ Cele, S'thembile; Masondo, Sipho (18 January 2015). "Shocking cost of SA’s universities". fin24.com. City Press. Retrieved 19 January 2015. 
^ "Human Development Report 2009 – South Africa". Hdrstats.undp.org. Archived from the original on 15 April 2010. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ Peoples Budget Coalition Comments on the 2011/12 Budget Archived 16 May 2012 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b "‘Clinic-in-a-Box’ seeks to improve South African healthcare". SmartPlanet. Archived from the original on 30 July 2013. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ "What does the demand for healthcare look like in SA?" (PDF). Mediclinic Southern Africa. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2 October 2013. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ a b c "Motsoaledi to reform private health care". Financial Mail. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ "South Africa". ICAP at Columbia University. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ http://www.therichest.com/rich-list/nation/the-biggest-hospitals-in-the-world/
^ "HIV and AIDS estimates (2015)". 
^ "South Africa HIV & AIDS Statistics". AVERT.org. Retrieved 6 May 2013. 
^ a b "AIDS orphans". Avert. Retrieved 8 October 2006. 
^ "Sack SA Health Minister – world's AIDS experts". afrol News. Retrieved 8 October 2006. 
^ "Situation Analysis. HIV & AIDS and STI Strategic Plan 2007–2011" (PDF). info.gov.za. Archived from the original (PDF) on 30 May 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Zuma announces AIDS reforms". UNPAN. Retrieved 9 March 2010. 


Further reading


A History of South Africa, Third Edition. Leonard Thompson. Yale University Press. 1 March 2001. 384 pages. ISBN 0-300-08776-4.
Economic Analysis and Policy Formulation for Post-Apartheid South Africa: Mission Report, Aug. 1991. International Development Research Centre. IDRC Canada, 1991. vi, 46 p. Without ISBN
Emerging Johannesburg: Perspectives on the Postapartheid City. Richard Tomlinson, et al. 1 January 2003. 336 pages. ISBN 0-415-93559-8.
Making of Modern South Africa: Conquest, Segregation and Apartheid. Nigel Worden. 1 July 2000. 194 pages. ISBN 0-631-21661-8.
South Africa: A Narrative History. Frank Welsh. Kodansha America. 1 February 1999. 606 pages. ISBN 1-56836-258-7.
South Africa in Contemporary Times. Godfrey Mwakikagile. New Africa Press. February 2008. 260 pages. ISBN 978-0-9802587-3-8.
The Atlas of Changing South Africa. A. J. Christopher. 1 October 2000. 216 pages. ISBN 0-415-21178-6.
The Politics of the New South Africa. Heather Deegan. 28 December 2000. 256 pages. ISBN 0-582-38227-0.
Twentieth-Century South Africa. William Beinart Oxford University Press 2001, 414 pages, ISBN 0-19-289318-1


External links



Wikimedia Commons has media related to South Africa.





Wikivoyage has a travel guide for South Africa.



Find more aboutSouth Africaat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Travel guide from Wikivoyage
Learning resources from Wikiversity



Government of South Africa
"South Africa". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. 
South Africa from UCB Libraries GovPubs
South Africa from the BBC News
 Wikimedia Atlas of South Africa







v
t
e


South Africa articles



History





Timeline
(years)




Early history
Cape Colony
Orange Free State
Transvaal
First Boer War
Second Boer War
Great Depression
World War II
Apartheid
Border War
Since 1994





By topic



Economic
Military








Geography







Districts
Earthquakes
Estuaries
Forests
Islands
Lakes
Mountain ranges
Municipalities
National parks
Populated places
Provinces
Rivers
Wildlife








Politics











Constitution
Courts
Elections
Foreign relations
Government
Human rights
Law
Parliament
Political parties
President






State security
and intelligence




Minister
Co-ordinating committee (NICC)
Intelligence agency (NIA)
Communications centre (NCC)
Communications security (COMSEC)
Secret Service (SASS)
Intelligence academy (SANAI)





Law enforcement



Department of Police
Police Service

Criminal intelligence (SAPS)
Special Task Force
National Intervention Unit
NFDD


Municipal Police
Independent Complaints Directorate
Department of Correctional Services
Biometrics use








Military



Department of Defence
Defence Force
Air Force
Army
Navy
Military Health Service
Special Forces
Commando System
Intelligence








Economy







Agriculture
Communications
Economic history
Energy
Foreign trade
Mining industry
Rand (currency)
Stock exchange
Taxation
Tourism
Trade unions
Transportation
Water and sanitation








Society







Crime
Education
Feminism
Health
Healthcare
Immigration
Intersex
Languages
LGBT
Racism
Religion
Sexual violence
Social movements
Xenophobia





Culture



Architecture
Art
Cinema
Cuisine
Flag
HIV/AIDS
Homelessness
Literature
Media
Music
Public holidays
Sports





Demographics



Asian

Indian
Chinese


Bantu

Ndebele
Pedi
Sotho
Swazi
Tsonga
Tswana
Venda
Xhosa
Zulu


Coloured

Cape Coloured
Cape Malay
Griqua


Khoisan
White

Afrikaner
British














Outline
Index



Category
Portal












v
t
e


Countries and territories of Africa



Sovereign states




entirely
in Africa



Algeria
Angola
Benin
Botswana
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Comoros
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Republic of the Congo
Djibouti
Egypt
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Ethiopia
Gabon
The Gambia
Ghana
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Ivory Coast (Côte d'Ivoire)
Kenya
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Madagascar
Malawi
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Niger
Nigeria
Rwanda
São Tomé and Príncipe
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Somalia
South Africa
South Sudan
Sudan
Swaziland
Tanzania
Togo
Tunisia
Uganda
Zambia
Zimbabwe





partly
in Africa



France

Mayotte
Réunion


Italy

Pantelleria
Pelagie Islands


Portugal

Madeira


Spain

Canary Islands
Ceuta
Melilla
Plazas de soberanía


Yemen

Socotra














Territories and
dependencies




Îles Éparses

France


Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha

UK


Southern Provinces (Western Sahara)1






States with limited
recognition




Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic
Somaliland






1 Unclear sovereignty.








Links to related articles











v
t
e


Group of Eight (G8) and Group of Eight + Five (G8+5)



G8 members



 Canada
 France
 Germany
 Italy
 Japan
 Russia
 United Kingdom
 United States





Representative



 European Union





G8+5



 Brazil
 China
 India
 Mexico
 South Africa





See also



Group of Six
Group of Seven
G7+1












v
t
e


G20 major economies






 Argentina
 Australia
 Brazil
 Canada
 China
 European Union
 France
 Germany
 India
 Indonesia
 Italy
 Japan
 Mexico
 Russia
 Saudi Arabia
 South Africa
 Republic of Korea
 Turkey
 United Kingdom
 United States












v
t
e


BRICS



Membership



 Brazil
 Russia
 India
 China
 South Africa





Summits



Yekaterinburg 2009
Brasília 2010
Sanya 2011
New Delhi 2012
Durban 2013
Fortaleza 2014
Ufa 2015
Goa 2016
Xiamen 2017





Bilateral relations



Brazil–China
Brazil–India
Brazil–Russia
Brazil–South Africa
China–India
China–Russia
China–South Africa
India–Russia
India–South Africa
Russia–South Africa





Leaders



 Temer
 Putin
 Modi
 Xi
 Zuma





Related



New Development Bank
BRICS Contingent Reserve Arrangement
BRICS Leaders
BRICS Cable
BRICS Universities League





BRICS U-17 Football Cup



2016 Goa












v
t
e


World Trade Organization



System



Accession and membership
Appellate Body
Dispute Settlement Body
International Trade Centre
Chronology of key events





Issues



Criticism
Doha Development Round
Singapore issues
Quota Elimination
Peace Clause





Agreements



General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
Agriculture
Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures
Technical Barriers to Trade
Trade Related Investment Measures
Trade in Services
Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights
Government Procurement
Information Technology
Marrakech Agreement
Doha Declaration
Bali Package





Ministerial
Conferences



1st (1996)
2nd (1998)
3rd (1999)
4th (2001)
5th (2003)
6th (2005)
7th (2009)
8th (2011)
9th (2013)
10th (2015)





People



Roberto Azevêdo (Director-General)
Pascal Lamy (former Director-General)
Supachai Panitchpakdi (former Director-General)
Deputy Directors-General:

Yonov Frederick Agah
Karl Brauner
David Shark
Yi Xiaozhun

former: Alejandro Jara
Valentine Rugwabiza
Harsha Singh
Rufus Yerxa









Members



Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
Angola
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belize
Benin
Bolivia
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Republic of the Congo
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Cuba
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
European Union¹
Fiji
Gabon
The Gambia
Georgia
Ghana
Grenada
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong²
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Israel
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
South Korea
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Lesotho
Liberia
Liechtenstein
Macau²
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Moldova
Mongolia
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nepal
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Qatar
Russia
Rwanda
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Suriname
Swaziland
Switzerland
Tajikistan
Taiwan³
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe


1. All twenty-eight member states of the European Union are also members of the WTO in their own right:

Austria
Belgium
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malta
Netherlands
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom


2. Special administrative regions of the People's Republic of China, participates as "Hong Kong, China" and "Macao China".
3. Officially the Republic of China, participates as "Separate Customs Territory of Taiwan, Penghu, Kinmen and Matsu", and "Chinese Taipei" in short.











v
t
e


Southern African Development Community (SADC)



Member states



Angola
Botswana
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Lesotho
Madagascar
Malawi
Mauritius
Mozambique
Namibia
Seychelles
South Africa
Swaziland
Tanzania
Zambia
Zimbabwe





Leaders




Chairpersons



Levy Mwanawasa
Kgalema Motlanthe





Secretaries-General



Kaire Mbuende
Prega Ramsamy
Tomaz Salomão








See also



Southern African Development Coordination Conference (forerunner)
Southern African Customs Union (SACU)
Common Monetary Area (CMA)
Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA)












v
t
e


African Union (AU)



History







Pan-Africanism
Casablanca Group
Monrovia Group
Abuja Treaty
Sirte Declaration
Lome Summit





Organisation of African Unity



Chairperson
Secretary General











Geography



Borders
Extreme points
Member states
Regions





Organs







Executive Council
Permanent Representatives' Committee
Specialized Technical Committees





Assembly



Chairperson





Commission



Chairperson
Deputy Chairperson
AUCC





Pan-African Parliament



Bureau
Secretariat
Gallagher Estate





African Court of Justice



African Court on Human and Peoples' Rights





ECOSOCC Committees



Peace and Security
Political Affairs
Infrastructure and Energy
Social Affairs and Health
HR, Sciences and Technology
Trade and Industry
Rural Economy and Agriculture
Economic Affairs
Women and Gender
Cross-Cutting Programs





Financial Institutions



African Central Bank
African Monetary Fund
African Investment Bank





Peace and Security Council



ACIRC
African Standby Force
Panel of the Wise
UNAMID
AMIB
AMIS
AMISOM
MISCA








Politics







APRM
Foreign relations
African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights
African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights
Enlargement





Symbols



Anthem
Emblem
Flag








Economy



Currencies
Development Bank
African Economic Community
NEPAD
African Free Trade Zone
Tripartite Free Trade Area





Culture



Africa Day
Languages





Theory



Afro
United States of Africa
United States of Latin Africa








 Category












v
t
e


Countries and territories bordering the Indian Ocean



Africa



Comoros
Djibouti
Egypt
Eritrea
France

Mayotte
Réunion


Kenya
Madagascar
Mauritius
Mozambique
Rodrigues (Mauritius)
Seychelles
Somalia
South Africa
Sudan
Tanzania
Zanzibar, Tanzania








Asia



Bahrain
Bangladesh
British Indian Ocean Territory

Chagos Archipelago - United Kingdom


Christmas Island (Australia)
Cocos (Keeling) Islands (Australia)
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Israel
Jordan
Kuwait
Malaysia
Maldives
Myanmar
Oman
Pakistan
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Sri Lanka
Thailand
Timor-Leste
United Arab Emirates
Yemen





Other



Antarctica

Australian Antarctic Territory
French Southern and Antarctic Lands
Heard Island and McDonald Islands


Australia












v
t
e


Peri-Antarctic countries and overseas territories






Argentina
Australia

Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Macquarie Island


Bouvet Island
Chile
Falkland Islands
French Southern and Antarctic Lands

Kerguelen Islands


New Zealand

New Zealand Subantarctic Islands


South Africa

Prince Edward Islands


South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands









"Peri-Antarctic" (meaning "close to the Antarctic") does not include territorial claims in Antarctica itself.










v
t
e


Members of the Commonwealth of Nations



Sovereign states
(Members)



Antigua and Barbuda
Australia
Bahamas
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belize
Botswana
Brunei
Cameroon
Canada
Cyprus
Dominica
Fiji
Ghana
Grenada
Guyana
India
Jamaica
Kenya
Kiribati
Lesotho
Malawi
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mozambique
Namibia
Nauru
New Zealand
Nigeria
Pakistan
Papua New Guinea
Rwanda
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Swaziland
Tanzania
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tuvalu
Uganda
United Kingdom
Vanuatu
Zambia





Dependencies
of Members




Australia



Ashmore and Cartier Islands
Australian Antarctic Territory
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Coral Sea Islands
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Norfolk Island





New Zealand



Cook Islands
Niue
Ross Dependency
Tokelau





United Kingdom



Akrotiri and Dhekelia
Anguilla
Bermuda
British Antarctic Territory
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Cayman Islands
Falkland Islands
Gibraltar
Guernsey
Isle of Man
Jersey
Montserrat
Pitcairn Islands
St. Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Turks and Caicos Islands









Source: Commonwealth Secretariat - Member States










v
t
e


English-speaking world






Click on a coloured area to see an article about English in that country or region






































































Further links







Articles



English-speaking world
History of the English language
British Empire
English in the Commonwealth of Nations





Lists



List of countries by English-speaking population
List of countries where English is an official language









 







Countries and territories where English is the national language or the native language of the majority





Africa



Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha





Americas



Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
The Bahamas
Barbados
Belize
Bermuda
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Dominica
Falkland Islands
Grenada
Guyana
Jamaica
Montserrat
Saba
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Sint Eustatius
Sint Maarten
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Trinidad and Tobago
Turks and Caicos Islands
United States
United States Virgin Islands





Europe



Guernsey
Ireland
Isle of Man
Jersey
United Kingdom





Oceania



Australia
New Zealand
Norfolk Island
Pitcairn Islands








 







Countries and territories where English is an official language, but not the majority first language





Africa



Botswana
Cameroon
The Gambia
Ghana
Kenya
Lesotho
Liberia
Malawi
Mauritius
Namibia
Nigeria
Rwanda
Sierra Leone
Somaliland
South Africa
South Sudan
Sudan
Swaziland
Tanzania
Uganda
Zambia
Zimbabwe





Americas



Puerto Rico





Asia



Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
India
Pakistan
Philippines
Singapore





Europe



Gibraltar
Malta





Oceania



American Samoa
Cook Islands
Fiji
Guam
Kiribati
Marshall Islands
Micronesia
Nauru
Niue
Northern Mariana Islands
Palau
Papua New Guinea
Samoa
Solomon Islands
Tokelau
Tuvalu
Vanuatu












Dependencies shown in italics.















Coordinates: 30°S 25°E﻿ / ﻿30°S 25°E﻿ / -30; 25



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 159069376
LCCN: n79023005
ISNI: 0000 0001 2167 3042
GND: 4078012-0
SUDOC: 028016009
BNF: cb11993638s (data)
NLA: 35513495
NDL: 00567657










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=South_Africa&oldid=792672918"					
Categories: South AfricaSouthern African countriesEnglish-speaking countries and territoriesG20 nationsLiberal democraciesMember states of the African UnionMember states of the Commonwealth of NationsMember states of the United NationsStates and territories established in 1910Commonwealth republicsAfrikaans-speaking countries and territoriesBantu countries and territoriesBRICS nationsCountries in AfricaHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksCS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listWikipedia articles incorporating a citation from the 1911 Encyclopaedia Britannica with Wikisource referencePages using citations with accessdate and no URLArticles with dead external links from June 2017Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia pages semi-protected against vandalismWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesUse dmy dates from March 2017Use South African English from September 2013All Wikipedia articles written in South African EnglishArticles containing Afrikaans-language textArticles containing non-English-language textArticles containing Sotho-language textArticles containing Southern Ndebele-language textArticles containing Swati-language textArticles containing Tsonga-language textArticles containing Tswana-language textArticles containing Venda-language textArticles containing Xhosa-language textArticles containing Zulu-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2013All articles with failed verificationArticles with failed verification from October 2011Wikipedia articles needing clarification from October 2011Pages using columns with the default column widthArticles with unsourced statements from May 2010Use South African English from July 2013Coordinates on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikinewsWikiquoteWikivoyage 



Languages


AcèhАдыгэбзэАдыгабзэAfrikaansAkanAlemannischአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةAragonésArpetanAsturianuAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaتۆرکجهBamanankanবাংলাBahasa BanjarBân-lâm-gúБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎भोजपुरीBikol CentralБългарскиBoarischབོད་ཡིགBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàЧӑвашлаCebuanoČeštinaChi-ChewaChiShonaCymraegDanskDeitschDeutschދިވެހިބަސްDiné bizaadDolnoserbskiཇོང་ཁEestiΕλληνικάEmiliàn e rumagnòlEspañolEsperantoEstremeñuEuskaraEʋegbeفارسیFiji HindiFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGagauzGàidhligGalego贛語Gĩkũyũગુજરાતીगोंयची कोंकणी / Gõychi Konknni客家語/Hak-kâ-ngîХальмг한국어HausaՀայերենहिन्दीHornjoserbsceHrvatskiIdoIgboIlokanoবিষ্ণুপ্রিয়া মণিপুরীBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueИронIsiXhosaIsiZuluÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡKapampanganКъарачай-малкъарქართულიकॉशुर / کٲشُرҚазақшаKernowekKinyarwandaKiswahiliКомиKongoKreyòl ayisyenKurdîКыргызчаLadinoЛезгиلۊری شومالیLatgaļuLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLimburgsLingálaLivvinkarjalaLa .lojban.LugandaLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMaltiMāoriमराठीმარგალურიمصرىمازِرونیBahasa MelayuBaso MinangkabauMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄MirandésМокшеньМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNāhuatlDorerin NaoeroNederlandsNedersaksiesनेपालीनेपाल भाषा日本語НохчийнNordfriiskNorfuk / PitkernNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskNouormandNovialOccitanଓଡ଼ିଆOromooOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀपालिپنجابیPapiamentuپښتوPatoisភាសាខ្មែរPiemontèisTok PisinPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsQaraqalpaqshaQırımtatarcaReo tahitiRipoarischRomânăRumantschRuna SimiРусиньскыйРусскийСаха тылаSámegiellaसंस्कृतम्SängöSarduScotsSeelterskSesothoSesotho sa LeboaSetswanaShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishسنڌيSiSwatiSlovenčinaSlovenščinaŚlůnskiSoomaaligaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitTarandíneТатарча/tatarçaతెలుగుไทยትግርኛТоҷикӣTsetsêhestâheseTshivendaತುಳುTürkçeTürkmençeУкраїнськаاردوئۇيغۇرچە / UyghurcheVahcuenghVènetoVepsän kel’Tiếng ViệtVolapükVõroWalon文言West-VlamsWinarayWolof吴语XitsongaייִדישYorùbá粵語ZazakiZeêuwsŽemaitėška中文डोटेलीKabɩyɛ 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 27 July 2017, at 22:30.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









South Africa - Wikipedia




















 







South Africa

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the modern country. For other uses, see South Africa (disambiguation).





Republic of South Africa

10 other official names:[1]
Republiek van Suid-Afrika  (Afrikaans)
Repabliki ya Afrika-Borwa  (Northern Sotho)
Rephaboliki ya Afrika Borwa  (Sotho)
iRiphabliki yeSewula Afrika  (Southern Ndebele)
iRiphabhulikhi yeNingizimu Afrika  (Swati)
Riphabliki ra Afrika Dzonga  (Tsonga)
Rephaboliki ya Aforika Borwa  (Tswana)
Riphabuḽiki ya Afurika Tshipembe  (Venda)
iRiphabliki yomZantsi Afrika  (Xhosa)
iRiphabhuliki yaseNingizimu Afrika  (Zulu)










Flag



Coat of arms






Motto: "!ke e: ǀxarra ǁke" (ǀXam)
"Unity in Diversity"




Anthem: National anthem of South Africa

















Location of  South Africa  (dark blue)
in the African Union  (light blue)








Capital



Pretoria (executive)
Bloemfontein (judicial)
Cape Town (legislative)





Largest city
Johannesburg[2]


Official languages

[Note 1]

11 languages

Afrikaans
Northern Sotho
English
Southern Ndebele
Southern Sotho
Swazi
Tsonga
Tswana
Venda
Xhosa
Zulu





Ethnic groups (2014[3])



80.2% Black
8.8% Coloured
8.4% White
2.5% Asian





Religion
See Religion in South Africa


Demonym
South African


Government
Unitary parliamentary constitutional republic



• President

Jacob Zuma



• Deputy President

Cyril Ramaphosa


Legislature
Parliament



• Upper house

National Council



• Lower house

National Assembly


Independence from the United Kingdom



• Union

31 May 1910



• Self-governance

11 December 1931



• Republic

31 May 1961



• Current constitution

4 February 1997


Area



• Total

1,221,037 km2 (471,445 sq mi) (24th)



• Water (%)

negligible


Population



• 2015 estimate

54,956,900[4] (25th)



• 2011 census

51,770,560[5]:18



• Density

42.4/km2 (109.8/sq mi) (169th)


GDP (PPP)
2016 estimate



• Total

$742.461 billion[6] (30th)



• Per capita

$13,321[6] (90th)


GDP (nominal)
2016 estimate



• Total

$326.541 billion[6] (35th)



• Per capita

$5,859[6] (88th)


Gini (2009)
63.1[7]
very high


HDI (2014)
 0.666[8]
medium · 116th


Currency
South African rand (ZAR)


Time zone
SAST (UTC+2)


Drives on the
left


Calling code
+27


ISO 3166 code
ZA


Internet TLD
.za


South Africa, officially the Republic of South Africa (RSA), is the southernmost country in Africa. It is bounded on the south by 2,798 kilometres (1,739 mi) of coastline of Southern Africa stretching along the South Atlantic and Indian Oceans;[9][10][11] on the north by the neighbouring countries of Namibia, Botswana, and Zimbabwe; and on the east and northeast by Mozambique and Swaziland; and surrounds the kingdom of Lesotho.[12] South Africa is the 25th-largest country in the world by land area, and with close to 56,000,000 people, is the world's 24th-most populous nation. It is the southernmost country on the mainland of the Old World or the Eastern Hemisphere. About 80% of South Africans are of Sub-Saharan African ancestry,[5] divided among a variety of ethnic groups speaking different Bantu languages, nine of which have official status.[11] The remaining population consists of Africa's largest communities of European (white), Asian (Indian), and multiracial (coloured) ancestry.
South Africa is a multiethnic society encompassing a wide variety of cultures, languages, and religions. Its pluralistic makeup is reflected in the constitution's recognition of eleven official languages, which is among the highest number of any country in the world.[11] Two of these languages are of European origin: Afrikaans developed from Dutch and serves as the first language of most white and coloured South Africans; English reflects the legacy of British colonialism, and is commonly used in public and commercial life, though it is fourth-ranked as a spoken first language.[11] The country is one of the few in Africa never to have had a coup d'état, and regular elections have been held for almost a century. However, the vast majority of Black South Africans were not enfranchised until 1994. During the twentieth century, the Black majority sought to recover its rights from the dominant White minority, with this struggle playing a large role in the country's recent history and politics. The National Party imposed the apartheid system in 1948, institutionalising previous racial segregation. After a long and sometimes violent struggle by the African National Congress and other anti-apartheid activists both inside and outside the country, discriminatory laws began to be repealed or abolished from 1990 onwards.
Since 1994, all ethnic and linguistic groups have held political representation in the country's democracy, which comprises a parliamentary republic and nine provinces. South Africa is often referred to as the "Rainbow Nation" to describe the country's multicultural diversity, especially in the wake of apartheid.[13] The World Bank classifies South Africa as an upper-middle-income economy, and a newly industrialised country.[14][15] Its economy is the second-largest in Africa, and the 34th-largest in the world.[6] In terms of purchasing power parity, South Africa has the seventh-highest per capita income in Africa. However, poverty and inequality remain widespread, with about a quarter of the population unemployed and living on less than US$1.25 a day.[16][17] Nevertheless, South Africa has been identified as a middle power in international affairs, and maintains significant regional influence.[18][19]



Contents


1 Name
2 History

2.1 Prehistoric finds
2.2 Bantu expansion
2.3 Portuguese contacts
2.4 Dutch colonisation
2.5 British colonisation

2.5.1 Independence
2.5.2 Beginning of apartheid


2.6 Republic

2.6.1 End of apartheid




3 Geography

3.1 Climate
3.2 Biodiversity

3.2.1 Animals
3.2.2 Fungi
3.2.3 Plants


3.3 Conservation issues


4 Politics and government

4.1 Law
4.2 Foreign relations
4.3 Military
4.4 Administrative divisions


5 Economy

5.1 Labour market
5.2 Science and technology
5.3 Water supply and sanitation


6 Demographics

6.1 Languages
6.2 Urban centres
6.3 Religion


7 Culture

7.1 Arts
7.2 Popular culture
7.3 Cuisine
7.4 Sports


8 Education
9 Health

9.1 HIV/AIDS


10 See also
11 Notes
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Name
See also: Official names of South Africa
The name "South Africa" is derived from the country's geographic location at the southern tip of Africa. Upon formation the country was named the Union of South Africa in English, reflecting its origin from the unification of four formerly separate British colonies. Since 1961 the long form name in English has been the "Republic of South Africa". In Dutch the country was named Republiek van Zuid-Afrika, replaced in 1983 by the Afrikaans Republiek van Suid-Afrika. Since 1994 the Republic has had an official name in each of its 11 official languages.
Mzansi, derived from the Xhosa noun umzantsi meaning "south", is a colloquial name for South Africa,[20][21] while some Pan-Africanist political parties prefer the term "Azania".[22]
History
Main article: History of South Africa
Prehistoric finds
South Africa contains some of the oldest archaeological and human fossil sites in the world.[23][24][25] Extensive fossil remains have been recovered from a series of caves in Gauteng Province. The area is a UNESCO World Heritage site and has been termed the Cradle of Humankind. The sites include Sterkfontein, which is one of the richest hominin fossil sites in the world. Other sites include Swartkrans, Gondolin Cave Kromdraai, Coopers Cave and Malapa. The first hominin fossil discovered in Africa, the Taung Child was found near Taung in 1924. Further hominin remains have been recovered from the sites of Makapansgat in Limpopo, Cornelia and Florisbad in the Free State, Border Cave in KwaZulu-Natal, Klasies River Mouth in eastern Cape and Pinnacle Point, Elandsfontein and Die Kelders Cave in Western Cape. These sites suggest that various hominid species existed in South Africa from about three million years ago starting with Australopithecus africanus.[26] These were succeeded by various species, including Australopithecus sediba, Homo ergaster, Homo erectus, Homo rhodesiensis, Homo helmei, Homo naledi and modern humans, Homo sapiens. Modern humans have inhabited Southern Africa for at least 170,000 years.
Within the Vaal River valley, pebble tools have been located.[27]
Bantu expansion




Mapungubwe Hill, the site of the former capital of the Kingdom of Mapungubwe


Settlements of Bantu-speaking peoples, who were iron-using agriculturists and herdsmen, were already present south of the Limpopo River (now the northern border with Botswana and Zimbabwe) by the 4th or 5th century CE. (See Bantu expansion.) They displaced, conquered and absorbed the original Khoisan speakers, the Khoikhoi and San peoples. The Bantu slowly moved south. The earliest ironworks in modern-day KwaZulu-Natal Province are believed to date from around 1050. The southernmost group was the Xhosa people, whose language incorporates certain linguistic traits from the earlier Khoisan people. The Xhosa reached the Great Fish River, in today's Eastern Cape Province. As they migrated, these larger Iron Age populations displaced or assimilated earlier peoples. In Mpumalanga, several stone circles have been found along with the stone arrangement that has been named Adam's Calendar.
Portuguese contacts
At the time of European contact, the dominant ethnic group were Bantu-speaking peoples who had migrated from other parts of Africa about one thousand years before. The two major historic groups were the Xhosa and Zulu peoples.
In 1487, the Portuguese explorer Bartolomeu Dias led the first European voyage to land in southern Africa.[28] On 4 December, he landed at Walfisch Bay (now known as Walvis Bay in present-day Namibia). This was south of the furthest point reached in 1485 by his predecessor, the Portuguese navigator Diogo Cão (Cape Cross, north of the bay). Dias continued down the western coast of southern Africa. After 8 January 1488, prevented by storms from proceeding along the coast, he sailed out of sight of land and passed the southernmost point of Africa without seeing it. He reached as far up the eastern coast of Africa as, what he called, Rio do Infante, probably the present-day Groot River, in May 1488, but on his return he saw the Cape, which he first named Cabo das Tormentas (Cape of Storms). His King, John II, renamed the point Cabo da Boa Esperança, or Cape of Good Hope, as it led to the riches of the East Indies.[29] Dias' feat of navigation was later immortalised in Luís de Camões' Portuguese epic poem, The Lusiads (1572).
Dutch colonisation
See also: History of Cape Colony and Dutch Cape Colony




Charles Davidson Bell's 19th-century painting of Jan van Riebeeck, who founded the first European settlement in South Africa, arrives in Table Bay in 1652.


By the early 17th century, Portugal's maritime power was starting to decline, and English and Dutch merchants competed to oust Lisbon from its lucrative monopoly on the spice trade.[30] Representatives of the British East India Company did call sporadically at the Cape in search of provisions as early as 1601, but later came to favour Ascension Island and St. Helena as alternative ports of refuge.[31] Dutch interest was aroused after 1647, when two employees of the Dutch East India Company (VOC) were shipwrecked there for several months. The sailors were able to survive by obtaining fresh water and meat from the natives.[31] They also sowed vegetables in the fertile soil.[32] Upon their return to Holland they reported favourably on the Cape's potential as a "warehouse and garden" for provisions to stock passing ships for long voyages.[31]
In 1652, a century and a half after the discovery of the Cape sea route, Jan van Riebeeck established a victualing station at the Cape of Good Hope, at what would become Cape Town, on behalf of the Dutch East India Company.[33][34] In time, the Cape become home to a large population of "vrijlieden", also known as "vrijburgers" (free citizens), former Company employees who stayed in Dutch territories overseas after serving their contracts.[34] Dutch traders also imported thousands of slaves to the fledgling colony from Indonesia, Madagascar, and parts of eastern Africa.[35] Some of the earliest mixed race communities in the country were later formed through unions between vrijburgers, their slaves, and various indigenous peoples.[36] This led to the development of a new ethnic group, the Cape Coloureds, most of whom adopted the Dutch language and Christian faith.[36]
The eastward expansion of Dutch colonists ushered in a series of wars with the southwesterly migrating Xhosa tribe, as both sides competed for the pastureland necessary to graze their cattle near the Great Fish River.[37] Vrijburgers who became independent farmers on the frontier were known as Boers, with some adopting semi-nomadic lifestyles being denoted as trekboers.[37] The Boers formed loose militias, which they termed commandos, and forged alliances with Khoisan groups to repel Xhosa raids.[37] Both sides launched bloody but inconclusive offensives, and sporadic violence, often accompanied by livestock theft, remained common for several decades.[37]
British colonisation
Great Britain occupied Cape Town between 1795 and 1803 to prevent it from falling under the control of the French First Republic, which had invaded the Low Countries.[37] Despite briefly returning to Dutch rule under the Batavian Republic in 1803, the Cape was occupied again by the British in 1806.[38] Following the end of the Napoleonic Wars, it was formally ceded to Great Britain and became an integral part of the British Empire.[39] British immigration to South Africa began around 1818, subsequently culminating in the arrival of the 1820 Settlers.[39] The new colonists were induced to settle for a variety of reasons, namely to increase the size of the European workforce and to bolster frontier regions against Xhosa incursions.[39]




Depiction of a Zulu attack on a Boer camp in February 1838


In the first two decades of the 19th century, the Zulu people grew in power and expanded their territory under their leader, Shaka.[40] Shaka's warfare led indirectly to the Mfecane ("crushing") that devastated and depopulated the inland plateau in the early 1820s.[41][42] An offshoot of the Zulu, the Matabele people created a larger empire that included large parts of the highveld under their king Mzilikazi.
During the early 1800s, many Dutch settlers departed from the Cape Colony, where they had been subjected to British control. They migrated to the future Natal, Orange Free State, and Transvaal regions. The Boers founded the Boer Republics: the South African Republic (now Gauteng, Limpopo, Mpumalanga and North West provinces) and the Orange Free State (Free State).
The discovery of diamonds in 1867 and gold in 1884 in the interior started the Mineral Revolution and increased economic growth and immigration. This intensified British efforts to gain control over the indigenous peoples. The struggle to control these important economic resources was a factor in relations between Europeans and the indigenous population and also between the Boers and the British.[43]
The Anglo-Zulu War was fought in 1879 between the British Empire and the Zulu Kingdom. Following Lord Carnarvon's successful introduction of federation in Canada, it was thought that similar political effort, coupled with military campaigns, might succeed with the African kingdoms, tribal areas and Boer republics in South Africa. In 1874, Sir Henry Bartle Frere was sent to South Africa as High Commissioner for the British Empire to bring such plans into being. Among the obstacles were the presence of the independent states of the South African Republic and the Kingdom of Zululand and its army. The Zulu nation spectacularly defeated the British at the Battle of Isandlwana. Eventually though the war was lost resulting in the end of the Zulu nation's independence.




Boers in combat (1881)


The Boer Republics successfully resisted British encroachments during the First Boer War (1880–1881) using guerrilla warfare tactics, which were well suited to local conditions. The British returned with greater numbers, more experience, and new strategy in the Second Boer War (1899–1902) but suffered heavy casualties through attrition; nonetheless, they were ultimately successful.
Independence
Within the country, anti-British policies among white South Africans focused on independence. During the Dutch and British colonial years, racial segregation was mostly informal, though some legislation was enacted to control the settlement and movement of native people, including the Native Location Act of 1879 and the system of pass laws.[44][45][46][47][48]
Eight years after the end of the Second Boer War and after four years of negotiation, an act of the British Parliament (South Africa Act 1909) granted nominal independence, while creating the Union of South Africa on 31 May 1910. The Union was a dominion that included the former territories of the Cape and Natal colonies, as well as the republics of Orange Free State and Transvaal.[49]
The Natives' Land Act of 1913 severely restricted the ownership of land by blacks; at that stage natives controlled only 7% of the country. The amount of land reserved for indigenous peoples was later marginally increased.[50]
In 1931 the union was fully sovereign from the United Kingdom with the passage of the Statute of Westminster, which abolished the last powers of the British Government on the country. In 1934, the South African Party and National Party merged to form the United Party, seeking reconciliation between Afrikaners and English-speaking "Whites". In 1939 the party split over the entry of the Union into World War II as an ally of the United Kingdom, a move which the National Party followers strongly opposed.
Beginning of apartheid




"For use by white persons" – apartheid sign


In 1948, the National Party was elected to power. It strengthened the racial segregation begun under Dutch and British colonial rule. The Nationalist Government classified all peoples into three races and developed rights and limitations for each. The white minority (less than 20%[51]) controlled the vastly larger black majority. The legally institutionalised segregation became known as apartheid. While whites enjoyed the highest standard of living in all of Africa, comparable to First World Western nations, the black majority remained disadvantaged by almost every standard, including income, education, housing, and life expectancy. The Freedom Charter, adopted in 1955 by the Congress Alliance, demanded a non-racial society and an end to discrimination.
Republic
On 31 May 1961, the country became a republic following a referendum in which white voters narrowly voted in favour thereof (the British-dominated Natal province rallied against the issue).[52] Queen Elizabeth II was stripped of the title Queen of South Africa, and the last Governor-General, namely Charles Robberts Swart, became State President. As a concession to the Westminster system, the presidency remained parliamentary appointed and virtually powerless until P. W. Botha's Constitution Act of 1983, which (intact in these regards) eliminated the office of Prime Minister and instated a near-unique "strong presidency" responsible to parliament. Pressured by other Commonwealth of Nations countries, South Africa withdrew from the organisation in 1961, and rejoined it only in 1994.
Despite opposition both within and outside the country, the government legislated for a continuation of apartheid. The security forces cracked down on internal dissent, and violence became widespread, with anti-apartheid organisations such as the African National Congress, the Azanian People's Organisation, and the Pan-Africanist Congress carrying out guerrilla warfare[53] and urban sabotage.[54] The three rival resistance movements also engaged in occasional inter-factional clashes as they jockeyed for domestic influence.[55] Apartheid became increasingly controversial, and several countries began to boycott business with the South African government because of its racial policies. These measures were later extended to international sanctions and the divestment of holdings by foreign investors.[56][57]




F. W. de Klerk and Nelson Mandela shake hands in January 1992


In the late 1970s, South Africa initiated a programme of nuclear weapons development. In the following decade, it produced six deliverable nuclear weapons.[58][59]
End of apartheid
The Mahlabatini Declaration of Faith, signed by Mangosuthu Buthelezi and Harry Schwarz in 1974, enshrined the principles of peaceful transition of power and equality for all, the first of such agreements by black and white political leaders in South Africa. Ultimately, F. W. de Klerk opened bilateral discussions with Nelson Mandela in 1993 for a transition of policies and government.
In 1990 the National Party government took the first step towards dismantling discrimination when it lifted the ban on the African National Congress and other political organisations. It released Nelson Mandela from prison after twenty-seven years' serving a sentence for sabotage. A negotiation process followed. With approval from a predominantly white referendum, the government repealed apartheid legislation. South Africa also destroyed its nuclear arsenal and acceded to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty. South Africa held its first universal elections in 1994, which the ANC won by an overwhelming majority. It has been in power ever since. The country rejoined the Commonwealth of Nations and became a member of the Southern African Development Community (SADC).




Nelson Mandela, first black African President of Republic of South Africa


In post-apartheid South Africa, unemployment has been extremely high as the country has struggled with many changes. While many blacks have risen to middle or upper classes, the overall unemployment rate of blacks worsened between 1994 and 2003.[60] Poverty among whites, previously rare, increased.[61] In addition, the current government has struggled to achieve the monetary and fiscal discipline to ensure both redistribution of wealth and economic growth. Since the ANC-led government took power, the United Nations Human Development Index of South Africa has fallen, while it was steadily rising until the mid-1990s.[62] Some may be attributed to the HIV/AIDS pandemic, and the failure of the government to take steps to address it in the early years.[63]
In May 2008, riots left over sixty people dead.[64] The Centre on Housing Rights and Evictions estimates over 100,000 people were driven from their homes.[65] The targets were mainly migrants and refugees seeking asylum, but a third of the victims were South African citizens.[64] In a 2006 survey, the South African Migration Project concluded that South Africans are more opposed to immigration than anywhere else in the world.[66] The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in 2008 reported over 200,000 refugees applied for asylum in South Africa, almost four times as many as the year before.[67] These people were mainly from Zimbabwe, though many also come from Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Rwanda, Eritrea, Ethiopia and Somalia.[67] Competition over jobs, business opportunities, public services and housing has led to tension between refugees and host communities.[67] While xenophobia is still a problem, recent violence has not been as widespread as initially feared.[67]
Geography
Main article: Geography of South Africa




A map of South Africa showing the main topographic features: the Central Plateau edged by the Great Escarpment, and the Cape Fold Belt in the south-west corner of the country






Important geographical regions in South Africa. The thick line traces the course of the Great Escarpment which edges the central plateau. The eastern portion of this line, coloured red, is known as the Drakensberg. The Escarpment rises to its highest point, at over 3000 m, where the Drakensberg forms the border between KwaZulu-Natal and Lesotho. None of the regions indicated on the map has a sharp well-defined border, except where the Escarpment, or a range of mountains forms a clear dividing line between two regions. Some of the better known regions are coloured in; the others are simply indicated by their names, as they would be in an atlas.


South Africa is located at the southernmost region of Africa, with a long coastline that stretches more than 2,500 km (1,553 mi) and along two oceans (the South Atlantic and the Indian). At 1,219,912 km2 (471,011 sq mi),[68] South Africa is the 25th-largest country in the world and is comparable in size to Colombia. Mafadi in the Drakensberg at 3,450 m (11,320 ft) is the highest peak in South Africa. Excluding the Prince Edward Islands, the country lies between latitudes 22° and 35°S, and longitudes 16° and 33°E.
The interior of South Africa consists of a vast, in most places almost flat, plateau with an altitude of between 1,000 m (3,300 ft) and 2,100 m (6,900 ft), highest in the east and sloping gently downwards towards the west and north, and slightly less noticeably so to the south and south-west.[69] This plateau is surrounded by the Great Escarpment[70] whose eastern, and highest, stretch is known as the Drakensberg.[71]
The south and south-western parts of the plateau (at approximately 1100–1800 m above sea level), and the adjoining plain below (at approximately 700–800 m above sea level – see map on the right) is known as the Great Karoo, which consists of sparsely populated scrubland. To the north the Great Karoo fades into the even drier and more arid Bushmanland, which eventually becomes the Kalahari desert in the very north-west of the country. The mid-eastern, and highest part of the plateau is known as the Highveld. This relatively well-watered area is home to a great proportion of the country’s commercial farmlands, and contains its largest conurbation (Gauteng Province). To the north of Highveld, from about the 25° 30' S line of latitude, the plateau slopes downwards into the Bushveld, which ultimately gives way to the Limpopo lowlands or Lowveld.[70]




Flat topped hills (called Karoo Koppies) are highly characteristic of the southern and southwestern Karoo landscape. These hills are capped by hard, erosion resistant dolerite sills. This is solidified lava that was forced under high pressure between the horizontal strata of the sedimentary rocks that make up most of the Karoo’s geology about 180 million years ago. Since then Southern Africa has undergone a prolonged period of erosion removing the relatively soft Karoo rocks, except where they are protected by a cap of dolerite. This photograph was taken near Cradock in the Eastern Cape.


The coastal belt, below the Great Escarpment, moving clockwise from the northeast, consists of the Limpopo Lowveld, which merges into the Mpumalanga Lowveld, below the Mpumalanga Drakensberg (the eastern portion of the Great Escarpment).[72] This is hotter, drier and less intensely cultivated than the Highveld above the escarpment.[70] The Kruger National Park, located in the provinces of Limpopo and Mpumalanga in northeastern South Africa, occupies a large portion of the Lowveld covering 19,633 square kilometres (7,580 sq mi.) [73] South of the Lowveld the annual rainfall increases as one enters KwaZulu-Natal Province, which, especially near the coast, is subtropically hot and humid. The KwaZulu-Natal – Lesotho international border is formed by the highest portion of the Great Escarpment, or Drakensberg, which reaches an altitude of over 3,000 m (9,800 ft).[74] The climate at the foot of this part of the Drakensberg is temperate.




Drakensberg, the eastern and highest portion of the Great Escarpment which surrounds the east, south and western borders of the central plateau of Southern Africa


The coastal belt below the south and south-western stretches of the Great Escarpment contains several ranges of Cape Fold Mountains which run parallel to the coast, separating the Great Escarpment from the ocean.[75][76] (These parallel ranges of fold mountains are shown on the map, above left. Note the course of the Great Escarpment to the north of these mountain ranges.) The land (at approximately 400–500 m above sea level) between two of these ranges of fold mountains in the south (i.e. between the Outeniqua and Langeberg ranges to the south and the Swartberg range to the north) is known as the Little Karoo,[70] which consists of semi-desert scrubland similar to that of the Great Karoo, except that its northern strip along the foothills of the Swartberg Mountains, has a somewhat higher rainfall and is therefore more cultivated than the Great Karoo. The Little Karoo is historically, and still, famous for its ostrich farming around the town of Oudtshoorn. The lowland area (700–800 m above sea level) to the north of the Swartberg mountain range up to the Great Escarpment is the lowland part of the Great Karoo (see map at top right), which is climatically and botanically almost indistinguishable from the Karoo above the Great Escarpment. The narrow coastal strip between the most seaward Cape Fold Mountain range (i.e., the Langeberg–Outeniqua mountains) and the ocean has a moderately high year-round rainfall, especially in the George-Knysna-Plettenberg Bay region, which is known as the Garden Route. It is famous for the most extensive areas of indigenous forests in South Africa (a generally forest-poor country).
In the south-west corner of the country the Cape Peninsula forms the southernmost tip of the coastal strip which borders the Atlantic Ocean, and ultimately terminates at the country’s border with Namibia at the Orange River. The Cape Peninsula has a Mediterranean climate, making it and its immediate surrounds the only portion of Africa south of the Sahara which receives most of its rainfall in winter.[77][78] The greater Cape Town metropolitan area is situated on the Cape Peninsula and is home to 3.7 million people according to the 2011 population census. It is the country's legislative capital.




Spring flowers in Namaqualand


The coastal belt to the north of the Cape Peninsula is bounded on the west by the Atlantic Ocean and the first row of north-south running Cape Fold Mountains to the east. The Cape Fold Mountains peter out at about the 32° S line of latitude,[76] after which the coastal plain is bounded by the Great Escarpment itself. The most southerly portion of this coastal belt is known as the Swartland and Malmesbury Plain, which is an important wheat growing region, relying on winter rains. The region further north is known as Namaqualand,[79] which becomes more and more arid as one approaches the Orange River. The little rain that falls, tends to fall in winter,[78] which results in one of the world’s most spectacular displays of flowers carpeting huge stretches of veld in spring (August–September).




Cape Floral Region Protected Areas.


South Africa also has one possession, the small sub-Antarctic archipelago of the Prince Edward Islands, consisting of Marion Island (290 km2 or 110 sq mi) and Prince Edward Island (45 km2 or 17 sq mi) (not to be confused with the Canadian province of the same name).
Climate
Main article: Climate of South Africa




Köppen climate types of South Africa


South Africa has a generally temperate climate, due in part to being surrounded by the Atlantic and Indian Oceans on three sides, by its location in the climatically milder Southern Hemisphere and due to the average elevation rising steadily towards the north (towards the equator) and further inland. Due to this varied topography and oceanic influence, a great variety of climatic zones exist. The climatic zones range from the extreme desert of the southern Namib in the farthest northwest to the lush subtropical climate in the east along the Mozambique border and the Indian Ocean. Winters in South Africa occur between June and August.
The extreme southwest has a climate remarkably similar to that of the Mediterranean with wet winters and hot, dry summers, hosting the famous fynbos biome of shrubland and thicket. This area also produces much of the wine in South Africa. This region is also particularly known for its wind, which blows intermittently almost all year. The severity of this wind made passing around the Cape of Good Hope particularly treacherous for sailors, causing many shipwrecks. Further east on the south coast, rainfall is distributed more evenly throughout the year, producing a green landscape. This area is popularly known as the Garden Route.
The Free State is particularly flat because it lies centrally on the high plateau. North of the Vaal River, the Highveld becomes better watered and does not experience subtropical extremes of heat. Johannesburg, in the centre of the Highveld, is at 1,740 m (5,709 ft) and receives an annual rainfall of 760 mm (29.9 in). Winters in this region are cold, although snow is rare.
The high Drakensberg mountains, which form the south-eastern escarpment of the Highveld, offer limited skiing opportunities in winter. The coldest place on mainland South Africa is Sutherland in the western Roggeveld Mountains, where midwinter temperatures can reach as low as −15 °C (5 °F). The Prince Edward Islands have colder average annual temperatures, but Sutherland has colder extremes. The deep interior of mainland South Africa has the hottest temperatures: a temperature of 51.7 °C (125.06 °F) was recorded in 1948 in the Northern Cape Kalahari near Upington,[80] but this temperature is unofficial and was not recorded with standard equipment, the official highest temperature is 48.8 °C (119.84 °F) at Vioolsdrif in January 1993.[81]
Biodiversity
See also: Wildlife of South Africa and Protected areas of South Africa
South Africa signed the Rio Convention on Biological Diversity on 4 June 1994, and became a party to the convention on 2 November 1995.[82] It has subsequently produced a National Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plan, which was received by the convention on 7 June 2006.[83] The country is ranked sixth out of the world's seventeen megadiverse countries.[84]
Animals




South African giraffe, Kruger National Park


Numerous mammals are found in the bushveld including Transvaal lions, African leopards, South African cheetahs, southern white rhinos, blue wildebeest, kudus, impalas, hyenas, hippopotamuses and South African giraffes. A significant extent of the bushveld exists in the north-east including Kruger National Park and the Sabi Sand Game Reserve, as well as in the far north in the Waterberg Biosphere. South Africa houses many endemic species, among them the critically endangered riverine rabbit (Bunolagus monticullaris) in the Karoo.
Fungi
Up to 1945, more than 4900 species of fungi (including lichen-forming species) had been recorded.[85] In 2006, the total number of fungi which occur in South Africa was conservatively estimated at about 200,000 species, but that did not take into account fungi associated with insects.[86] If correct, then the number of South African fungi dwarfs that of its plants. In at least some major South African ecosystems, an exceptionally high percentage of fungi are highly specific in terms of the plants with which they occur.[87] The country's biodiversity strategy and action plan does not mention fungi (including lichen-forming fungi).[83]
Plants




Sub-tropical forest near Durban






Lowveld vegetation of the Kruger National Park


With more than 22,000 different higher plants, or about 9% of all the known species of plants on Earth,[88] South Africa is particularly rich in plant diversity. The most prevalent biome in South Africa is the grassland, particularly on the Highveld, where the plant cover is dominated by different grasses, low shrubs, and acacia trees, mainly camel-thorn and whitethorn. Vegetation becomes even more sparse towards the northwest due to low rainfall. There are several species of water-storing succulents like aloes and euphorbias in the very hot and dry Namaqualand area. The grass and thorn savannah turns slowly into a bush savannah towards the north-east of the country, with denser growth. There are significant numbers of baobab trees in this area, near the northern end of Kruger National Park.[89]
The fynbos biome, which makes up the majority of the area and plant life in the Cape floristic region, one of the six floral kingdoms, is located in a small region of the Western Cape and contains more than 9,000 of those species, making it among the richest regions on earth in terms of plant diversity.[citation needed] Most of the plants are evergreen hard-leaf plants with fine, needle-like leaves, such as the sclerophyllous plants. Another uniquely South African flowering plant group is the genus Protea. There are around 130 different species of Protea in South Africa.
While South Africa has a great wealth of flowering plants, only 1% of South Africa is forest, almost exclusively in the humid coastal plain of KwaZulu-Natal, where there are also areas of Southern Africa mangroves in river mouths. There are even smaller reserves of forests that are out of the reach of fire, known as montane forests. Plantations of imported tree species are predominant, particularly the non-native eucalyptus and pine.
Conservation issues
South Africa has lost a large area of natural habitat in the last four decades, primarily due to overpopulation, sprawling development patterns and deforestation during the 19th century. South Africa is one of the worst affected countries in the world when it comes to invasion by alien species with many (e.g. black wattle, Port Jackson willow, Hakea, Lantana and Jacaranda) posing a significant threat to the native biodiversity and the already scarce water resources. The original temperate forest found by the first European settlers was exploited ruthlessly until only small patches remained. Currently, South African hardwood trees like real yellowwood (Podocarpus latifolius), stinkwood (Ocotea bullata), and South African black ironwood (Olea laurifolia) are under government protection. Statistics from the South African Environmental Affairs department show a record 1215 rhinos have been killed in 2014.[90]
Climate change is expected to bring considerable warming and drying to much of this already semi-arid region, with greater frequency and intensity of extreme weather events such as heatwaves, flooding and drought. According to computer generated climate modelling produced by the South African National Biodiversity Institute[91] parts of southern Africa will see an increase in temperature by about one degree Celsius along the coast to more than four degrees Celsius in the already hot hinterland such as the Northern Cape in late spring and summertime by 2050. The Cape Floral Kingdom, been identified as one of the global biodiversity hotspots, it will be hit very hard by climate change. Drought, increased intensity and frequency of fire and climbing temperatures are expected to push many rare species towards extinction.


Biodiversity of South Africa


King protea, national flower



Fynbos, Cape Floristic Region



Blue crane, national bird



Flowers in the West Coast National Park




Politics and government
Main articles: Government of South Africa, Politics of South Africa, Law of South Africa, and Human rights in South Africa




Union Buildings in Pretoria, seat of the executive






Houses of Parliament in Cape Town, seat of the legislature


South Africa is a parliamentary republic, although unlike most such republics the President is both head of state and head of government, and depends for his tenure on the confidence of Parliament. The executive, legislature and judiciary are all subject to the supremacy of the Constitution, and the superior courts have the power to strike down executive actions and acts of Parliament if they are unconstitutional.
The National Assembly, the lower house of Parliament, consists of 400 members and is elected every five years by a system of party-list proportional representation. The National Council of Provinces, the upper house, consists of ninety members, with each of the nine provincial legislatures electing ten members.
After each parliamentary election, the National Assembly elects one of its members as President; hence the President serves a term of office the same as that of the Assembly, normally five years. No President may serve more than two terms in office.[92] The President appoints a Deputy President and Ministers, who form the Cabinet which consists of Departments and Ministries. The President and the Cabinet may be removed by the National Assembly by a motion of no confidence.




Jacob Zuma, President of South Africa since 2009


In the most recent election, held on 7 May 2014, the African National Congress (ANC) won 62.2% of the vote and 249 seats, while the main opposition, the Democratic Alliance (DA) won 22.2% of the vote and 89 seats. The Economic Freedom Fighters, founded by Julius Malema, the former President of the ANC's Youth Wing who was later expelled from the ANC, won 6.4% of the vote and 25 seats. The ANC has been the governing political party in South Africa since the end of apartheid.
South Africa has no legally defined capital city. The fourth chapter of the Constitution of South Africa, states that "The seat of Parliament is Cape Town, but an Act of Parliament enacted in accordance with section 76(1) and (5) may determine that the seat of Parliament is elsewhere."[93] The country's three branches of government are split over different cities. Cape Town, as the seat of Parliament, is the legislative capital; Pretoria, as the seat of the President and Cabinet, is the administrative capital; and Bloemfontein, as the seat of the Supreme Court of Appeal, is the judicial capital, while the Constitutional Court of South Africa sits in Johannesburg. Most foreign embassies are located in Pretoria.
Since 2004, South Africa has had many thousands of popular protests, some violent, making it, according to one academic, the "most protest-rich country in the world".[94] There have been a number of incidents of political repression as well as threats of future repression in violation of this constitution leading some analysts and civil society organisations to conclude that there is or could be a new climate of political repression,[95][96] or a decline in political tolerance.[97]
In 2008, South Africa placed 5th out of 48 sub-Saharan African countries on the Ibrahim Index of African Governance. South Africa scored well in the categories of Rule of Law, Transparency & Corruption and Participation & Human Rights, but was let down by its relatively poor performance in Safety & Security.[98] In November 2006, South Africa became the first African country to legalise same-sex marriage.[99]
Law
See also: Crime in South Africa




Constitutional Court in Johannesburg


The Constitution of South Africa is the supreme rule of law in the country. The primary sources of South African law are Roman-Dutch mercantile law and personal law with English Common law, as imports of Dutch settlements and British colonialism.[100] The first European based law in South Africa was brought by the Dutch East India Company and is called Roman-Dutch law. It was imported before the codification of European law into the Napoleonic Code and is comparable in many ways to Scots law. This was followed in the 19th century by English law, both common and statutory. Starting in 1910 with unification, South Africa had its own parliament which passed laws specific for South Africa, building on those previously passed for the individual member colonies.
The judicial system consists of the magistrates' courts, which hear lesser criminal cases and smaller civil cases; the High Courts, which are courts of general jurisdiction for specific areas; the Supreme Court of Appeal, which is the highest court in all but constitutional matters; and the Constitutional Court, which hears only constitutional matters.




Soweto Pride 2012 participants protest against violence against lesbians. Human Rights in the country are widely positivized into laws but some groups still are socially discriminated. It is the first country in Africa recognizing same sex marriage.


Nearly 50 murders are committed each day in South Africa.[101] In the year ended March 2014 there were 17,068 murders and the murder rate was 32.2 per 100,000 - about five times higher than the global average of 6 per 100,000.[102] Middle-class South Africans seek security in gated communities.[103] The private security industry in South Africa is the largest in the world,[104] with nearly 9,000 registered companies and 400,000 registered active private security guards, more than the South African police and army combined.[105] Many emigrants from South Africa also state that crime was a big motivator for them to leave.[106] Crime against the farming community has continued to be a major problem.[107]
It is estimated that 500,000 women are raped in South Africa every year[108] with the average woman more likely to be raped than complete secondary school.[109] A 2009 survey found one in four South African men admitted to raping someone[110] and another survey found one in three women out of 4000 surveyed women said they had been raped in the past year.[111] Rapes are also perpetrated by children (some as young as ten).[112] Child and baby rape incidences are some of the highest in the world, largely as a result of the virgin cleansing myth, and a number of high-profile cases (sometimes as young as eight months[112]) have outraged the nation.[113]
Foreign relations
Main article: Foreign relations of South Africa




Leaders of the BRICS nations at the G-20 summit in Hangzhou, 2016


As the Union of South Africa, the country was a founding member of the United Nations. The then Prime Minister Jan Smuts wrote the preamble to the United Nations Charter.[114][115] South Africa is one of the founding members of the African Union (AU), and has the second largest economy of all the members. It is also a founding member of the AU's New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD).
South Africa has played a key role as a mediator in African conflicts over the last decade, such as in Burundi, the Democratic Republic of Congo, the Comoros, and Zimbabwe. After apartheid ended, South Africa was readmitted to the Commonwealth of Nations. The country is a member of the Group of 77 and chaired the organisation in 2006. South Africa is also a member of the Southern African Development Community, South Atlantic Peace and Cooperation Zone, Southern African Customs Union, Antarctic Treaty System, World Trade Organization, International Monetary Fund, G20, G8+5, and the Port Management Association of Eastern and Southern Africa.
South African President Jacob Zuma and Chinese President Hu Jintao upgraded bilateral ties between the two countries on 24 August 2010, when they signed the Beijing Agreement, which elevated South Africa's earlier "strategic partnership" with China to the higher level of "comprehensive strategic partnership" in both economic and political affairs, including the strengthening of exchanges between their respective ruling parties and legislatures.[116][117] In April 2011, South Africa formally joined the Brazil-Russia-India-China (BRICS) grouping of countries, identified by President Zuma as the country's largest trading partners, and also the largest trading partners with Africa as a whole. Zuma asserted that BRICS member countries would also work with each other through the UN, the Group of Twenty (G20) and the India, Brazil South Africa (IBSA) forum.[118]
Military
Main article: South African National Defence Force




SANDF soldiers


The South African National Defence Force (SANDF) was created in 1994,[119][120] as an all volunteer force composed of the former South African Defence Force, the forces of the African nationalist groups (Umkhonto we Sizwe and Azanian People's Liberation Army), and the former Bantustan defence forces.[119] The SANDF is subdivided into four branches, the South African Army, the South African Air Force, the South African Navy, and the South African Military Health Service.[121] In recent years, the SANDF has become a major peacekeeping force in Africa,[122] and has been involved in operations in Lesotho, the Democratic Republic of the Congo,[122] and Burundi,[122] amongst others. It has also served in multi-national UN peacekeeping forces such as the United Nations Force Intervention Brigade for example.
South Africa is the only African country to have successfully developed nuclear weapons. It became the first country (followed by Ukraine) with nuclear capability to voluntarily renounce and dismantle its programme and in the process signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 1991.[123] South Africa undertook a nuclear weapons programme in the 1970s[123] According to former state president FW de Klerk, the decision to build a "nuclear deterrent" was taken "as early as 1974 against a backdrop of a Soviet expansionist threat."[124] South Africa is alleged to have conducted a nuclear test over the Atlantic in 1979,[125] although this is officially denied. Former president FW de Klerk maintained that South Africa had "never conducted a clandestine nuclear test."[124] Six nuclear devices were completed between 1980 and 1990, but all were dismantled before South Africa signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 1991.[124]
Administrative divisions
Main article: Provinces of South Africa




Provinces of South Africa


Each of the nine provinces is governed by a unicameral legislature, which is elected every five years by party-list proportional representation. The legislature elects a Premier as head of government, and the Premier appoints an Executive Council as a provincial cabinet. The powers of provincial governments are limited to topics listed in the Constitution; these topics include such fields as health, education, public housing and transport.
The provinces are in turn divided into 52 districts: 8 metropolitan and 44 district municipalities. The district municipalities are further subdivided into 226 local municipalities. The metropolitan municipalities, which govern the largest urban agglomerations, perform the functions of both district and local municipalities.


Province
Provincial capital
Largest city
Area (km2)[126]
Population (2013)[4]


Eastern Cape
Bhisho
Port Elizabeth
168,966
6,620,100


Free State
Bloemfontein
Bloemfontein
129,825
2,753,200


Gauteng
Johannesburg
Johannesburg
18,178
12,728,400


KwaZulu-Natal
Pietermaritzburg
Durban
94,361
10,456,900


Limpopo
Polokwane
Polokwane
125,754
5,518,000


Mpumalanga
Nelspruit
Mbombela
76,495
4,128,000


North West
Mahikeng
Rustenburg
104,882
3,597,600


Northern Cape
Kimberley
Kimberley
372,889
1,162,900


Western Cape
Cape Town
Cape Town
129,462
6,016,900


Economy




Annual per capita personal income by ethnic group in South Africa relative to white levels


Main article: Economy of South Africa




The JSE is the largest stock exchange on the African continent.


South Africa has a mixed economy, the second-largest in Africa after Nigeria. It also has a relatively high GDP per capita compared to other countries in Sub-Saharan Africa ($11,750 at PPP as of 2012). Despite this, South Africa is still burdened by a relatively high rate of poverty and unemployment, and is also ranked in the Top 10 countries in the world for income inequality,[127][128][129] measured by the Gini coefficient.
Unlike most of the world's poor countries, South Africa does not have a thriving informal economy. Only 15% of South African jobs are in the informal sector, compared with around half in Brazil and India and nearly three-quarters in Indonesia. The OECD attributes this difference to South Africa's widespread welfare system.[130] World Bank research shows that South Africa has one of the widest gaps between per capita GNP versus its Human Development Index ranking, with only Botswana showing a larger gap.[131]
After 1994, government policy brought down inflation, stabilised public finances, and some foreign capital was attracted, however growth was still subpar.[132] From 2004 onwards, economic growth picked up significantly; both employment and capital formation increased.[132] During the presidency of Jacob Zuma, the government has begun to increase the role of state-owned enterprises. Some of the biggest state-owned companies are Eskom, the electric power monopoly, South African Airways (SAA), and Transnet, the railway and ports monopoly. Some of these state-owned companies have not been profitable, such as SAA, which has required bailouts totaling R30,000,000,000 ($2,300,000,000) over twenty years.[133]
South Africa is a popular tourist destination, and a substantial amount of revenue comes from tourism.[134] Illegal immigrants are involved in informal trading.[135] Many emigrants to South Africa continue to live in poor conditions, and the immigration policy has become increasingly restrictive since 1994.[136]
Principal international trading partners of South Africa—outside Africa—include: Germany, the United States, China, Japan, the United Kingdom and Spain.[137]
The South African agricultural industry contributes around 10% of formal employment, relatively low compared to other parts of Africa, as well as providing work for casual labourers and contributing around 2.6% of GDP for the nation.[138] Due to the aridity of the land, only 13.5% of the land can be used for crop production, and only 3% is considered high potential land.[139]
In August 2013, South Africa was ranked as the top African Country of the Future by FDi magazine based on the country's economic potential, labour environment, cost-effectiveness, infrastructure, business friendliness, and Foreign direct investment Strategy.[140]
The FSI ranks South Africa as the 36th safest tax haven in the world, ahead of the Philippines but behind the Bahamas.
Labour market




Workers packing pears for export in the Ceres valley


During 1995–2003, the number of formal jobs decreased and informal jobs increased; overall unemployment worsened.[60]
The government's Black Economic Empowerment policies have drawn criticism from Neva Makgetla, lead economist for research and information at the Development Bank of Southern Africa, for focusing "almost exclusively on promoting individual ownership by black people (which) does little to address broader economic disparities, though the rich may become more diverse."[141] Official affirmative action policies have seen a rise in black economic wealth and an emerging black middle-class.[142] Other problems include state ownership and interference, which impose high barriers to entry in many areas.[143] Restrictive labour regulations have contributed to the unemployment malaise.[60]
Along with many other African countries, South Africa has been experiencing a "brain drain" within the past twenty years. This is believed to be potentially damaging for the regional economy,[144][not in citation given][clarification needed] and is almost certainly detrimental for the well-being of those reliant on the healthcare infrastructure.[145] The skills drain in South Africa tends to demonstrate racial contours given the skills distribution legacy of South Africa and has thus resulted in large white South African communities moving abroad.[146] However, the statistics which purport to show a brain drain are disputed and also do not account for repatriation and expiry of foreign work contracts. According to several surveys[147][148] there has been a reverse in brain drain following the global financial crisis of 2008-2009 and the expiry of foreign work contracts. In the first quarter of 2011, confidence levels for graduate professionals were recorded at a level of 84% in a PPS survey.[149]
Science and technology
Main article: Science and technology in South Africa




Mark Shuttleworth in space


Several important scientific and technological developments have originated in South Africa. The first human-to-human heart transplant was performed by cardiac surgeon Dr. Christiaan Barnard at Groote Schuur Hospital in December 1967, Max Theiler developed a vaccine against yellow fever, Allan McLeod Cormack pioneered x-ray computed tomography, and Aaron Klug developed crystallographic electron microscopy techniques. With the exception of that of Barnard, all of these advancements were recognised with Nobel Prizes. Sydney Brenner won most recently, in 2002, for his pioneering work in molecular biology.
Mark Shuttleworth founded an early Internet security company Thawte, that was subsequently bought out by world-leader VeriSign. Despite government efforts to encourage entrepreneurship in biotechnology, IT and other high technology fields, no other notable groundbreaking companies have been founded in South Africa. It is the expressed objective of the government to transition the economy to be more reliant on high technology, based on the realisation that South Africa cannot compete with Far Eastern economies in manufacturing, nor can the republic rely on its mineral wealth in perpetuity.
South Africa has cultivated a burgeoning astronomy community. It hosts the Southern African Large Telescope, the largest optical telescope in the Southern Hemisphere. South Africa is currently building the Karoo Array Telescope as a pathfinder for the €1,500,000,000 Square Kilometre Array project.[150] On 25 May 2012, it was announced that hosting of the Square Kilometer Array Telescope will be split over both the South African and the Australia/New Zealand sites.[151]
Water supply and sanitation
Main article: Water supply and sanitation in South Africa
After the end of Apartheid, South Africa's newly elected ANC government struggled with the-then growing service and backlogs with respect to access to Water supply and Sanitation developed. The government thus made a strong commitment to high service standards and to high levels of investment subsidies to achieve those standards. Since then, the country has made some progress with regard to improving access to water supply: It reached universal access to an improved water source in urban areas, and in rural areas the share of those with access increased from 66% to 79% from 1990 to 2010.[152]
South Africa also has a strong water industry with a track record in innovation. However, much less progress has been achieved on sanitation: Access increased only from 71% to 79% during the same period.[152] Significant problems remain concerning the financial sustainability of service providers, leading to a lack of attention to maintenance. The uncertainty about the government's ability to sustain funding levels in the sector is also a concern. Two distinctive features of the South African water sector are the policy of free basic water and the existence of water boards, which are bulk water supply agencies that operate pipelines and sell water from reservoirs to municipalities.
In May 2014, it was announced that Durban's Water and Sanitation Department won the Stockholm Industry Water Award "for its transformative and inclusive approach", calling it "one of the most progressive utilities in the world". The city has connected 1,300,000 additional people to piped water and provided 700,000 with access to toilets in fourteen years. It also was South Africa's first municipality to put free basic water for the poor into practice. Furthermore, it has promoted Rainwater harvesting and mini hydropower.[153]
Demographics
Main article: Demographics of South Africa




Migrations that formed the modern Rainbow Nation






Map of population density in South Africa




  <1 /km2
  1–3 /km2
  3–10 /km2
  10–30 /km2
  30–100 /km2



  100–300 /km2
  300–1000 /km2
  1000–3000 /km2
  >3000 /km2






South Africa is a nation of about 55,000,000 (2016 estimate) people of diverse origins, cultures, languages, and religions. The last census was held in 2011. South Africa is home to an estimated 5,000,000 illegal immigrants, including some 3,000,000 Zimbabweans.[154][155][156] A series of anti-immigrant riots occurred in South Africa beginning on 11 May 2008.[157][158]
Statistics South Africa asks people to describe themselves in the census in terms of five racial population groups.[159] The 2011 census figures for these groups were Black African at 79.2%, White at 8.9%, Coloured at 8.9%, Asian at 2.5%, and Other/Unspecified at 0.5%.[5]:21 The first census in South Africa in 1911 showed that whites made up 22% of the population; it declined to 16% in 1980.[160]
South Africa hosts a sizeable refugee and asylum seeker population. According to the World Refugee Survey 2008, published by the US Committee for Refugees and Immigrants, this population numbered approximately 144,700 people in 2007.[161] Groups of refugees and asylum seekers numbering over 10,000 included people from Zimbabwe (48,400), The Democratic Republic of the Congo (24,800), and Somalia (12,900).[161] These populations mainly lived in Johannesburg, Pretoria, Durban, Cape Town, and Port Elizabeth.[161] Many refugees have now also started to work and live in rural areas in provinces such as Mpumalanga, KwaZulu-Natal and the Eastern Cape.
Languages
Main article: Languages of South Africa




A map showing the dominant South African languages.



  Afrikaans
  English
  Ndebele
  Xhosa
  Zulu
  Northern Sotho



  Sotho
  Tswana
  Swazi
  Venda
  Tsonga
  None dominant






South Africa has eleven official languages:[162] Afrikaans, English, Ndebele, Northern Sotho, Sotho, Swazi, Tswana, Tsonga, Venda, Xhosa, and Zulu. In this regard it is third only to Bolivia and India in number. While all the languages are formally equal, some languages are spoken more than others. According to the 2011 census, the three most spoken first languages are Zulu (22.7%), Xhosa (16.0%), and Afrikaans (13.5%).[163] Despite the fact that English is recognised as the language of commerce and science, it ranked fourth, and was listed as the first language of only 9.6% of South Africans in 2011 but remains the de facto lingua franca of the nation.[163]
The country also recognises several unofficial languages, including Fanagalo, Khoe, Lobedu, Nama, Northern Ndebele, Phuthi, and South African Sign Language.[164] These unofficial languages may be used in certain official uses in limited areas where it has been determined that these languages are prevalent.
Many of the unofficial languages of the San and Khoikhoi people contain regional dialects stretching northwards into Namibia and Botswana, and elsewhere. These people, who are a physically distinct population from other Africans, have their own cultural identity based on their hunter-gatherer societies. They have been marginalised to a great extent, and the remainder of their languages are in danger of becoming extinct.
Many White South Africans also speak European languages, including Portuguese (also spoken by Black Angolans and Mozambicans), German, and Greek, while some Asians in South Africa speak Asian languages, such as Gujarati, Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, and Urdu. French is spoken in South Africa by immigrants from French-speaking parts of Africa.
Urban centres



 


v
t
e


Largest cities or towns in South Africa
2011 Census



Rank
Name
Province
Pop.


1
City of Johannesburg
Gauteng
4,434,827[165]


2
City of Cape Town
Western Cape
3,740,026[166]


3
EThekwini Metropolitan Municipality
KwaZulu-Natal
3,442,361[167]


4
Ekurhuleni
Gauteng
3,178,470[168]


5
City of Tshwane
Gauteng
2,921,488[169]


6
Nelson Mandela Bay
Eastern Cape
1,152,115[170]


7
Buffalo City Metropolitan Municipality
Eastern Cape
755,200[171]


8
Mangaung
Free State
747,431[172]


9
Emfuleni
Gauteng
721,663[173]


10
Polokwane Local Municipality
Limpopo
628,999 [174]


Religion
Main article: Religion in South Africa




Nederduits Gereformeerde Kerk in Wolmaransstad






Sangoma performing a traditional baptism in Alexandra, Johannesburg


According to the 2001 census, Christians accounted for 79.8% of the population, with a majority of them being members of various Protestant denominations (broadly defined to include syncretic African initiated churches) and a minority of Roman Catholics and other Christians. Christian category includes Zion Christian (11.1%), Pentecostal (Charismatic) (8.2%), Roman Catholic (7.1%), Methodist (6.8%), Dutch Reformed (Nederduits Gereformeerde Kerk; 6.7%), Anglican (3.8%). Members of remaining Christian churches accounted for another 36% of the population. Muslims accounted for 1.5% of the population, Hindus 1.2%, traditional African religion 0.3% and Judaism 0.2%. 15.1% had no religious affiliation, 0.6% were other and 1.4% were unspecified.[137][175][176]
African initiated churches formed the largest of the Christian groups. It was believed that many of the persons who claimed no affiliation with any organised religion adhered to traditional African religion. There are an estimated 200,000 indigenous traditional healers in South Africa, and up to 60% of South Africans consult these healers,[177] generally called sangomas or inyangas. These healers use a combination of ancestral spiritual beliefs and a belief in the spiritual and medicinal properties of local fauna and flora, commonly known as muti, to facilitate healing in clients. Many peoples have syncretic religious practices combining Christian and indigenous influences.[178]
South African Muslims comprise mainly those who are described as "Coloured" and those who are described as Indians. They have been joined by Black or White South African converts as well as others from other parts of Africa.[179] South African Muslims claim that their faith is the fastest-growing religion of conversion in the country, with the number of black Muslims growing sixfold, from 12,000 in 1991 to 74,700 in 2004.[179][180]
South Africa is also home to a substantial Jewish population, descended from European Jews who arrived as a minority among other European settlers. This population peaked in the 1970s at 120,000, though only around 67,000 remain today, the rest having emigrated. Even so, these numbers make the Jewish community in South Africa the twelfth largest in the world.[181]
Ethnic Indian Hindus form another significant portion of the population.[175]
Culture
Main article: Culture of South Africa




Decorated houses, Drakensberg


The South African black majority still has a substantial number of rural inhabitants who lead largely impoverished lives. It is among these people that cultural traditions survive most strongly; as Blacks have become increasingly urbanised and Westernised, aspects of traditional culture have declined. Members of the middle-class, who are predominantly White but whose ranks include growing numbers of Black, Coloured and Indian people,[182] have lifestyles similar in many respects to that of people found in Western Europe, North America and Australasia.
The South African Scout Association was one of the first youth organisations to open its doors to youth and adults of all races in South Africa. This happened on 2 July 1977 at a conference known as Quo Vadis.[183]
Arts




Eland, rock painting, Drakensberg


South African art includes the oldest art objects in the world, which were discovered in a South African cave, and dated from 75,000 years ago.[184] The scattered tribes of Khoisan peoples moving into South Africa from around 10,000 BC had their own fluent art styles seen today in a multitude of cave paintings. They were superseded by Bantu/Nguni peoples with their own vocabularies of art forms. New forms of art evolved in the mines and townships: a dynamic art using everything from plastic strips to bicycle spokes. The Dutch-influenced folk art of the Afrikaner Trekboers and the urban white artists earnestly following changing European traditions from the 1850s onwards also contributed to this eclectic mix, which continues to evolve today.




Olive Schreiner


South African literature emerged from a unique social and political history. One of the first well-known novels written by a Black author in an African language was Solomon Thekiso Plaatje's Mhudi, written in 1930. During the 1950s, Drum magazine became a hotbed of political satire, fiction, and essays, giving a voice to urban Black culture.
Notable White South African authors include Alan Paton, who published the acclaimed novel Cry, the Beloved Country in 1948. Nadine Gordimer became the first South African to be awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1991. Her most famous novel, July's People, was released in 1981. J.M. Coetzee won the Nobel Prize for Literature, in 2003. When awarding the prize, the Swedish Academy stated that Coetzee "in innumerable guises portrays the surprising involvement of the outsider".[185]
The plays of Athol Fugard have been regularly premiered in fringe theatres in South Africa, London (The Royal Court Theatre) and New York. Olive Schreiner's The Story of an African Farm (1883) was a revelation in Victorian literature: it is heralded by many as introducing feminism into the novel form.
Breyten Breytenbach was jailed for his involvement with the guerrilla movement against apartheid. Andre Brink was the first Afrikaner writer to be banned by the government after he released the novel A Dry White Season.
Popular culture
The South African media sector is large, and South Africa is one of Africa's major media centres. While South Africa's many broadcasters and publications reflect the diversity of the population as a whole, the most commonly used language is English. However, all ten other official languages are represented to some extent or another.
There is great diversity in South African music. Black musicians have developed a unique style called Kwaito. Kwaito is said to have taken over radio, television, and magazines.[186] Of note is Brenda Fassie, who launched to fame with her song "Weekend Special", which was sung in English. More famous traditional musicians include Ladysmith Black Mambazo, while the Soweto String Quartet performs classic music with an African flavour. South Africa has produced world-famous jazz musicians, notably Hugh Masekela, Jonas Gwangwa, Abdullah Ibrahim, Miriam Makeba, Jonathan Butler, Chris McGregor, and Sathima Bea Benjamin. Afrikaans music covers multiple genres, such as the contemporary Steve Hofmeyr, the punk rock band Fokofpolisiekar and the singer-songwriter Jeremy Loops.
Although few South African film productions are known outside South Africa itself, many foreign films have been produced about South Africa. Arguably, the most high-profile film portraying South Africa in recent years was District 9. Other notable exceptions are the film Tsotsi, which won the Academy Award for Foreign Language Film at the 78th Academy Awards in 2006 as well as U-Carmen e-Khayelitsha, which won the Golden Bear at the 2005 Berlin International Film Festival. In 2015, Oliver Hermanus' film, The Endless River, became the first South African film selected for the Venice Film Festival.
Cuisine
Main article: South African cuisine




Meat on a traditional South African braai


South African culture is diverse; foods from many cultures are enjoyed by all and especially marketed to tourists who wish to sample the large variety of South African cuisine. In addition to food, music and dance feature prominently.[citation needed]
South African cuisine is heavily meat-based and has spawned the distinctively South African social gathering known as a braai, or barbecue. South Africa has also developed into a major wine producer, with some of the best vineyards lying in valleys around Stellenbosch, Franschhoek, Paarl and Barrydale.[187]
Sports
Main article: Sport in South Africa
South Africa's most popular sports are soccer, rugby and cricket.[188] Other sports with significant support are swimming, athletics, golf, boxing, tennis, ringball, and netball. Although soccer commands the greatest following among the youth, other sports like basketball, surfing and skateboarding are increasingly popular.
Soccer players who have played for major foreign clubs include Steven Pienaar, Lucas Radebe and Philemon Masinga, Benni McCarthy, Aaron Mokoena, and Delron Buckley. South Africa, hosted the 2010 FIFA World Cup, and FIFA president Sepp Blatter awarded South Africa a grade 9 out of 10 for successfully hosting the event. The 2010 FIFA World Cup also marked the first time the competition had been hosted on the African continent.[189]




The Springboks in a bus parade after winning the 2007 Rugby World Cup


Famous boxing personalities include Baby Jake Jacob Matlala, Vuyani Bungu, Welcome Ncita, Dingaan Thobela, Gerrie Coetzee and Brian Mitchell. Durban Surfer Jordy Smith won the 2010 Billabong J-Bay competition making him the #1 ranked surfer in the world. South Africa produced Formula One motor racing's 1979 world champion Jody Scheckter. Famous current cricket players include AB de Villiers, Hashim Amla, Dale Steyn, Vernon Philander, Faf du Plessis etc. Most of them also participate in the Indian Premier League.
South Africa has also produced numerous world class rugby players, including Francois Pienaar, Joost van der Westhuizen, Danie Craven, Frik du Preez, Naas Botha and Bryan Habana. South Africa hosted and won the 1995 Rugby World Cup and won the 2007 Rugby World Cup in France. It followed the 1995 Rugby World Cup by hosting the 1996 African Cup of Nations, with the national team going on to win the tournament. It also hosted the 2003 Cricket World Cup, the 2007 World Twenty20 Championship. South Africa has also won the inaugural edition of the 1998 ICC KnockOut Trophy by defeating West Indies in the final.South Africa team also went onto win the inaugural edition of the Blind Cricket World Cup in 1998.
In 2004, the swimming team of Roland Schoeman, Lyndon Ferns, Darian Townsend and Ryk Neethling won the gold medal at the Olympic Games in Athens, simultaneously breaking the world record in the 4x100 freestyle relay. Penny Heyns won Olympic Gold in the 1996 Atlanta Olympic Games. In 2012, Oscar Pistorius became the first double amputee sprinter to compete at the Olympic Games in London. In golf, Gary Player is generally regarded as one of the greatest golfers of all time, having won the Career Grand Slam, one of five golfers to have done so. Other South African golfers to have won major tournaments include Bobby Locke, Ernie Els, Retief Goosen, Tim Clark, Trevor Immelman, Louis Oosthuizen and Charl Schwartzel.
Education
Main article: Education in South Africa




Schoolchildren in Mitchell's Plain


The adult literacy rate in 2007 was 88.7%.[190] South Africa has a 3-tier system of education starting with primary school, followed by high school and tertiary education in the form of (academic) universities and universities of technology. Learners have twelve years of formal schooling, from Grades 1-12. Grade R is a pre-primary foundation year. [191] Primary schools span the first seven years of schooling.[192] High School education spans a further five years. The Senior Certificate examination takes place at the end of Grade 12 and is necessary for tertiary studies at a South African university.[191]
Public universities in South Africa are divided into three types: traditional universities, which offer theoretically-oriented university degrees; universities of technology ("Technikons"), which offer vocational oriented diplomas and degrees; and comprehensive universities, which offer both types of qualifications. There are 23 public universities in South Africa: 11 traditional universities, 6 universities of technology and 6 comprehensive universities.
Under apartheid, schools for Blacks were subject to discrimination through inadequate funding and a separate syllabus called Bantu Education which was only designed to give them sufficient skills to work as labourers.[193] In 2004, South Africa started reforming its higher education system, merging and incorporating smaller universities into larger institutions, and renaming all higher education institutions "university" to redress these imbalances. By 2015, 1,400,000 students in higher education have benefited from a financial aid scheme which was promulgated in 1999.[194]
Public expenditure on education was at 5.4% of the 2002–05 GDP.[195]
Health
Main article: Health in South Africa




AIDS has caused a fall in life expectancy.


According to the South African Institute of Race Relations, the life expectancy in 2009 was 71 years for a White South African and 48 years for a Black South African.[196] The healthcare spending in the country is about 9% of GDP.[197]
Only 16% of the population is covered by medical schemes.[198] About 20% use private healthcare.[199] The rest pay "out of pocket" or through hospital cash plans.[199] The three dominant hospital groups, Mediclinic, Life Healthcare and Netcare, together control 75% of the market.[199] About 84% of the population depend on the public healthcare system,[197] which is beset with chronic human resource shortages and limited resources.[200]
South Africa is home to the third-largest hospital in the world, the Chris Hani Baragwanath Hospital.[201]
HIV/AIDS
Main article: HIV/AIDS in South Africa
According to the 2015 UNAIDS Report, South Africa has an estimated 7,000,000 people living with HIV– more than any other country in the world.[202] A 2008 study revealed that HIV/AIDS infection in South Africa is distinctly divided along racial lines: 13.6% of Blacks are HIV-positive, whereas only 0.3% of Whites have the disease.[203] Most deaths are experienced by economically active individuals, resulting in many AIDS orphans who in many cases depend on the state for care and financial support.[204] It is estimated that there are 1,200,000 orphaned children in South Africa.[204]
The link between HIV, a virus spread primarily by sexual contact, and AIDS was long denied by prior president Thabo Mbeki and then health minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang, who insisted that the many deaths in the country are due to malnutrition, and hence poverty, and not HIV.[205] In 2007, in response to international pressure, the government made efforts to fight AIDS.[206] After the 2009 general election, President Jacob Zuma appointed Dr Aaron Motsoaledi as the new minister and committed his government to increasing funding for and widening the scope of AIDS treatment.[207]
See also


South Africa portal







Book: South Africa





Index of South Africa-related articles
Outline of South Africa


Notes



^ The Khoi, Nama and San languages, South African Sign Language, German, Greek, Gujarati, Hindi, Portuguese, Telugu, Tamil, Urdu, Arabic, Hebrew, Sanskrit and "other languages used for religious purposes in South Africa" have a special status (Chapter 1, Article 6 of the South African Constitution).



References


^ "The Constitution". Constitutional Court of South Africa. Retrieved 3 September 2009. 
^ "Principal Agglomerations of the World". Citypopulation.de. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ Mid-year population estimates 2014. Statistics South Africa
^ a b "Mid-year population estimates 2015" (PDF). Statistics South Africa. Retrieved 11 August 2015. 
^ a b c Census 2011: Census in brief (PDF). Pretoria: Statistics South Africa. 2012. ISBN 9780621413885. Retrieved 12 January 2013. [permanent dead link]
^ a b c d e "South Africa". International Monetary Fund. Retrieved 26 April 2015. 
^ "Gini Index". World Bank. Retrieved 2 March 2011. 
^ "2015 Human Development Report" (PDF). United Nations Development Programme. 2015. Retrieved 15 December 2015. 
^ "South African Maritime Safety Authority". South African Maritime Safety Authority. Retrieved 16 June 2008. 
^ "Coastline". The World Factbook. CIA. Retrieved 16 June 2008. 
^ a b c d "South Africa Fast Facts". SouthAfrica.info. April 2007. Retrieved 14 June 2008. 
^ Guy Arnold. "Lesotho: Year In Review 1996 – Britannica Online Encyclopedia". Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Rainbow Nation – dream or reality?". BBC News. 18 July 2008. Retrieved 10 August 2013. 
^ "South Africa". World Bank. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ David Waugh (2000). "Manufacturing industries (chapter 19), World development (chapter 22)". Geography: An Integrated Approach. Nelson Thornes. pp. 563, 576–579, 633, 640. ISBN 978-0-17-444706-1. Retrieved 24 August 2013. 
^ "South Africa's Unemployment Rate Increases to 23.5%". Bloomberg. 5 May 2009. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ "HDI" (PDF). UNDP. Archived from the original (PDF) on 19 December 2008. 
^ Cooper, Andrew F; Antkiewicz, Agata; Shaw, Timothy M (10 December 2007). "Lessons from/for BRICSAM about South-North Relations at the Start of the 21st Century: Economic Size Trumps All Else?". International Studies Review. 9 (4): 675, 687. doi:10.1111/j.1468-2486.2007.00730.x. 
^ David A. Lynch (2010). Trade and Globalization: An Introduction to Regional Trade Agreements. Rowman & Littlefield. p. 51. ISBN 978-0-7425-6689-7. Retrieved 25 August 2013. Southern Africa is home to the other of sub-Saharan Africa's regional powers: South Africa. South Africa is more than just a regional power; it is currently the most developed and economically powerful country in Africa, and now it is able to use that influence in Africa more than during the days of apartheid, when it was ostracised. 
^ Livermon, Xavier (2008). "Sounds in the City". In Nuttall, Sarah; Mbembé, Achille. Johannesburg: The Elusive Metropolis. Durham: Duke University Press. p. 283. ISBN 9780822381211. Mzansi is another black urban vernacular term popular with the youth and standing for South Africa. 
^ "Mzansi DiToloki". Deaf Federation of South Africa. Archived from the original on 16 January 2014. Retrieved 15 January 2014. uMzantsi in Xhosa means 'south', Mzansi means this country, South Africa 
^ Taylor, Darren. "South African Party Says Call Their Country ‘Azania’". VOA. Retrieved 18 February 2017. 
^ Wymer, John; Singer, R (1982). The Middle Stone Age at Klasies River Mouth in South Africa. Chicago: University of Chicago Press. ISBN 0-226-76103-7. 
^ Deacon, HJ (2001). "Guide to Klasies River" (PDF). Stellenbosch University. p. 11. Retrieved 5 September 2009. 
^ "Fossil Hominid Sites of Sterkfontein, Swartkrans, Kromdraai, and Environs". 
^ Stephen P. Broker. "Hominid Evolution". Yale-New Haven Teachers Institute. Retrieved 19 June 2008. 
^ Langer, William L., ed. (1972). An Encyclopedia of World History (5th ed.). Boston, MA: Houghton Mifflin Company. p. 9. ISBN 0-395-13592-3. 
^ Domville-Fife, C.W. (1900). The encyclopedia of the British Empire the first encyclopedic record of the greatest empire in the history of the world ed. London: Rankin. p. 25. 
^ Mackenzie, W. Douglas; Stead, Alfred (1899). South Africa: Its History, Heroes, and Wars. Chicago: The Co-Operative Publishing Company. 
^ Pakeman, SA. Nations of the Modern World: Ceylon (1964 ed.). Frederick A Praeger, Publishers. pp. 18–19. ASIN B0000CM2VW. 
^ a b c Alexander Wilmot & John Centlivres Chase. History of the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope: From Its Discovery to the Year 1819 (2010 ed.). Claremont: David Philip (Pty) Ltd. pp. 1–548. ISBN 978-1144830159. 
^ Kaplan, Irving. Area Handbook for the Republic of South Africa (PDF). pp. 46–771. 
^ "African History Timeline". West Chester University of Pennsylvania. 
^ a b Hunt, John (2005). Campbell, Heather-Ann, ed. Dutch South Africa: Early Settlers at the Cape, 1652-1708. Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press. pp. 13–35. ISBN 978-1904744955. 
^ Worden, Nigel. Slavery in Dutch South Africa (2010 ed.). Cambridge University Press. pp. 40–43. ISBN 978-0521152662. 
^ a b Nelson, Harold. Zimbabwe: A Country Study. pp. 237–317. 
^ a b c d e Stapleton, Timothy (2010). A Military History of South Africa: From the Dutch-Khoi Wars to the End of Apartheid. Santa Barbara: Praeger Security International. pp. 4–6. ISBN 978-0313365898. 
^ Keegan, Timothy. Colonial South Africa and the Origins of the Racial Order (1996 ed.). David Philip Publishers (Pty) Ltd. pp. 85–86. ISBN 978-0813917351. 
^ a b c Lloyd, Trevor Owen (1997). The British Empire, 1558-1995. Oxford: Oxford University Press. pp. 201–203. ISBN 978-0198731337. 
^ "Shaka: Zulu Chieftain". Historynet.com. Archived from the original on 9 February 2008. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Shaka (Zulu chief)". Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ W. D. Rubinstein (2004). Genocide: A History. Pearson Longman. p. 22. ISBN 978-0-582-50601-5. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Williams, Garner F (1905). The Diamond Mines of South Africa, Vol II. New York: B. F Buck & Co. pp. Chapter XX. 
^ Bond, Patrick (1999). Cities of gold, townships of coal: essays on South Africa's new urban crisis. Africa World Press. p. 140. ISBN 978-0-86543-611-4. 
^ Cape of Good Hope (South Africa). Parliament House. (1906). "Report of the Select Committee on Location Act". Cape Times Limited. Retrieved 30 July 2009. 
^ Godley, Godfrey Archibald, Welsh, William Thomson, Hemsworth, H. D (1920). "Report of the Inter-departmental committee on the native pass laws". Cape Times Limited, government printers: 2. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Great Britain Colonial Office; Transvaal (Colony). Governor (1901–1905: Milner) (January 1902). "Papers relating to legislation affecting natives in the Transvaal". His Majesty's Stationery Office. 
^ De Villiers, John Abraham Jacob (1896). The Transvaal. London: Chatto & Windus. pp. 30 (n46). Retrieved 30 July 2009. 
^  Cana, Frank Richardson (1911). "South Africa". In Chisholm, Hugh. Encyclopædia Britannica. 25 (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press. p. 467. 
^ "Native Land Act". South African Institute of Race Relations. 19 June 1913. Archived from the original on 14 October 2010. 
^ Beinart, William (2001). Twentieth-century South Africa. Oxford University Press. p. 202. ISBN 978-0-19-289318-5.
^ "Hendrik Frensch Verwoerd". South African History Online. Retrieved 9 March 2013. On 5 October 1960 a referendum was held in which White voters were asked "Do you support a republic for the Union?" — 52 percent voted 'Yes'. 
^ Gibson, Nigel; Alexander, Amanda; Mngxitama, Andile (2008). Biko Lives! Contesting the Legacies of Steve Biko. Hampshire: Palgrave Macmillan. p. 138. ISBN 978-0230606494. 
^ Switzer, Les (2000). South Africa's Resistance Press: Alternative Voices in the Last Generation Under Apartheid. Issue 74 of Research in international studies: Africa series. Ohio University Press. p. 2. ISBN 9780896802131. 
^ Mitchell, Thomas (2008). Native vs Settler: Ethnic Conflict in Israel/Palestine, Northern Ireland and South Africa. Westport: Greenwood Publishing Group. pp. 194–196. ISBN 978-0313313578. 
^ Bridgland, Fred (1990). The War for Africa: Twelve months that transformed a continent. Gibraltar: Ashanti Publishing. p. 32. ISBN 978-1-874800-12-5. 
^ Landgren, Signe. Embargo Disimplemented: South Africa's Military Industry (1989 ed.). Oxford University Press. pp. 6–10. ISBN 978-0-19-829127-5. 
^ "South Africa Profile". Nti.org. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ John Pike. "Nuclear Weapons Program (South Africa)". Globalsecurity.org. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ a b c "Post-Apartheid South Africa: the First Ten Years – Unemployment and the Labor Market" (PDF). IMF. 
^ "Zuma surprised at level of white poverty — Mail & Guardian Online: The smart news source". Mail & Guardian. 18 April 2008. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ "South Africa". Human Development Report. United Nations Development Programme. 2006. Archived from the original on 29 November 2007. Retrieved 28 November 2007. 
^ "Ridicule succeeds where leadership failed on AIDS". South African Institute of Race Relations. 10 November 2006. Archived from the original on 24 May 2016. 
^ a b "Broke-on-Broke Violence". Retrieved 6 July 2011. 
^ "COHRE statement on Xenophobic Attacks". Retrieved 6 July 2011. 
^ Southern African Migration Project; Institute for Democracy in South Africa; Queen's University (2008). Jonathan Crush, ed. The perfect storm: the realities of xenophobia in contemporary South Africa (PDF). Idasa. p. 1. ISBN 978-1-920118-71-6. Archived from the original (PDF) on 30 July 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ a b c d United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. "UNHCR Global Appeal 2011 – South Africa". UNHCR. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Country Comparison". World Factbook. CIA. 
^ McCarthy, T. & Rubidge, B. (2005). The story of earth and life. p. 263, 267-268. Struik Publishers, Cape Town.
^ a b c d Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 13. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ Encyclopædia Britannica (1975); Micropaedia Vol. III, p. 655. Helen Hemingway Benton Publishers, Chicago.
^ Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 186. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ "Kruger National Park". Africa.com. Archived from the original on 18 December 2014. Retrieved 16 December 2014. 
^ Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 151. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ McCarthy, T. & Rubidge, B. (2005). The story of earth and life. p. 194. Struik Publishers, Cape Town.
^ a b Geological map of South Africa, Lesotho and Swaziland (1970). Council for Geoscience, Geological Survey of South Africa.
^ Encyclopædia Britannica (1975); Micropaedia Vol. VI, p. 750. Helen Hemingway Benton Publishers, Chicago.
^ a b Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 19. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 113. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ "South Africa's geography — SouthAfrica.info". Safrica.info. Archived from the original on 8 June 2010. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ South Africa yearbook. South African Communication Service. 1997. p. 3. 
^ "List of Parties". Retrieved 8 December 2012. 
^ a b "South Africa's National Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plan" (PDF). Retrieved 10 December 2012. 
^ "Biodiversity of the world by countries". Institutoaqualung.com.br. Archived from the original on 1 November 2010. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ Rong, I. H.; Baxter, A. P. (2006). "The South African National Collection of Fungi: Celebrating a centenary 1905-2005". Studies in Mycology. 55: 1–12. PMC 2104721 . PMID 18490968. doi:10.3114/sim.55.1.1. 
^ Crous, P. W.; Rong, I. H.; Wood, A.; Lee, S.; Glen, H.; Botha, W. l; Slippers, B.; De Beer, W. Z.; Wingfield, M. J.; Hawksworth, D. L. (2006). "How many species of fungi are there at the tip of Africa?". Studies in Mycology. 55: 13–33. PMC 2104731 . PMID 18490969. doi:10.3114/sim.55.1.13. 
^ Marincowitz, S.; Crous, P.W.; Groenewald J.Z. & Wingfield, M.J. (2008). "Microfungi occurring on Proteaceae in the fynbos. CBS Biodiversity Series 7." (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 29 July 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Marco Lambertini. "The Flora / The Richest Botany in the World". A Anturalist's Guide to the Tropics (Revised edition (May 15, 2000) ed.). University Of Chicago Press. p. 46. ISBN 978-0226468280.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Plants and Vegetation in South Africa". Southafrica-travel.net. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ Environmental Affairs (22 January 2015). "Progress in the war against poaching". Environmental Affairs. South Africa. Retrieved 22 January 2015. 
^ "South African National Biodiversity Institute". Sanbi.org. 30 September 2011. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Term Limits in Africa". The Economist. 6 April 2006. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Chapter 4 – Parliament". 19 August 2009. Archived from the original on 30 May 2013. Retrieved 3 August 2013. 
^ Abahlali baseMjondolo. "Mercury: Rethinking the crisis of local democracy". Abahlali.org. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ J. Duncan (31 May 2010). "The Return of State Repression". South African Civil Society Information Services. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Increasing police repression highlighted by recent case". Freedom of Expression Institute. 2006. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Imraan Buccus (2011). "Political tolerance on the wane in South Africa". SA Reconciliation Barometer. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "South Africa's recent performance in the Ibrahim Index of African Governance". Mo Ibrahim Foundation. Archived from the original on 18 February 2013. Retrieved 16 February 2013. 
^ "SA marriage law signed". BBC News. 30 November 2006. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Pamela Snyman & Amanda Barratt (2 October 2002). "Researching South African Law". w/ Library Resource Xchange. Archived from the original on 17 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ "How dangerous is South Africa?". BBC News. 17 May 2010. 
^ http://mg.co.za/article/2014-09-22-factsheet-south-africas-official-crime-stats-unpacked/
^ K Landman. "Gated communities in South Africa: Comparison of four case studies in Gauteng" (PDF). Wits University. Retrieved 5 March 2013. [permanent dead link]
^ "South Africa has world's largest private security industry; needs regulation – Mthethwa". DefenceWeb. Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ "Bigger than the army: South Africa's private security forces". CNN. 8 February 2013. Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ "Afrikaner Farmers Migrating to Georgia". VOA. 14 September 2011. Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ Adriana Stuijt (17 February 2009). "Two more S. African farmers killed: death toll now at 3,037". Digital Journal. Archived from the original on 20 May 2011. Retrieved 24 May 2011. 
^ "SOUTH AFRICA: One in four men rape". IRIN. 18 June 2009. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "South Africa's corrective rape". Time. 8 March 2011. Retrieved 12 July 2011. 
^ "South African rape survey shock". BBC News. 18 June 2009. Retrieved 23 May 2010. 
^ "South Africa's rape shock". BBC News. 19 January 1999. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ a b "Child rape in South Africa". Medscape. Retrieved 31 December 2010. 
^ Perry, Alex (5 November 2007). "Oprah scandal rocks South Africa". Time. Retrieved 15 May 2011. 
^ Rosalind Rosenberg (Summer 2001). "Virginia Gildersleeve: Opening the Gates (Living Legacies)". Columbia Magazine. 
^ Schlesinger, Stephen E. (2004). Act of Creation: The Founding of the United Nations: A Story of Superpowers, Secret Agents, Wartime Allies and Enemies, and Their Quest for a Peaceful World. Cambridge, Massachusetts: Westview, Perseus Books Group. pp. 236–7. ISBN 0-8133-3275-3. 
^ "China, South Africa upgrade relations to "comprehensive strategic partnership"". Capetown.china-consulate.org. 25 August 2010. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "New era as South Africa joins BRICS". Southafrica.info. 11 April 2011. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "SA brings 'unique attributes' to BRICS". Southafrica.info. 14 April 2011. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ a b "Constitution of the Republic of South Africa Act 200 of 1993 (Section 224)". South African Government. 1993. Archived from the original on 12 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ Col L B van Stade, Senior Staff Officer Rationalisation, SANDF (1997). "Rationalisation in the SANDF: The Next Challenge". Institute for Security Studies. Archived from the original on 16 March 2016. Retrieved 23 June 2008. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "Defence Act 42 of 2002" (PDF). South African Government. 12 February 2003. p. 18. Archived from the original (PDF) on 24 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ a b c Mosiuoa Lekota (5 September 2005). "Address by the Minister of Defence at a media breakfast at Defence Headquarters, Pretoria". Department of Defence. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ a b Lieutenant Colonel Roy E. Horton III (BS, Electrical Engineering; MS, Strategic Intelligence) (October 1999). "Out of (South) Africa: Pretoria's Nuclear Weapons Experience". USAF Institute for National Security Studies. Retrieved 23 June 2008. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ a b c Educational Foundation for Nuclear Science, Inc. (May 1993). "South Africa comes clean". Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists. Educational Foundation for Nuclear Science, Inc. pp. 3–4. ISSN 0096-3402. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Christine Dodson (22 October 1979). "South Atlantic Nuclear Event (National Security Council, Memorandum)" (PDF). George Washington University under Freedom of Information Act Request. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ Stats in Brief, 2010 (PDF). Pretoria: Statistics South Africa. 2010. p. 3. ISBN 978-0-621-39563-1. 
^ "Inequality in income or expenditure / Gini index, Human Development Report 2007/08". Hdrstats.undp.org. 4 November 2010. Archived from the original on 16 January 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Distribution of family income – Gini index". Cia.gov. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "South Africa has highest gap between rich and poor". Business Report. 28 September 2009. Archived from the original on 23 October 2011. Retrieved 7 November 2010. 
^ "South Africa's economy: How it could do even better.". The Economist. 22 July 2010. Retrieved 17 October 2011. 
^ "DEPWeb: Beyond Economic Growth". The World Bank Group. Retrieved 17 October 2011. 
^ a b "Economic Assessment of South Africa 2008: Achieving Accelerated and Shared Growth for South Africa". OECD. Archived from the original on 9 August 2009. 
^ "Commanding Plights." The Economist 29 August 2015: 37-38. Print.
^ "SA Economic Research – Tourism Update" (PDF). m/ Investec. October 2005. Archived from the original (PDF) on 24 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ Solomon, Hussein (1996). "Strategic Perspectives on Illegal Immigration into South Africa". African Security Review. 5 (4): 3. doi:10.1080/10246029.1996.9627681. Archived from the original on 19 October 2005. 
^ Mattes, Robert; Crush, Jonathan & Richmond, Wayne. "The Brain Gain: Skilled Migrants and Immigration Policy in Post-Apartheid South Africa". Southern African Migration Project, Queens College, Canada. Archived from the original on 25 November 2005. 
^ a b "South Africa". The World Factbook. CIA. 
^ Unequal protection the state response to violent crime on South African farms. Human Rights Watch. 2001. ISBN 1-56432-263-7. 
^ Mohamed, Najma (2000). "Greening Land and Agrarian Reform: A Case for Sustainable Agriculture". In Ben Cousins. At the Crossroads: Land and Agrarian Reform in South Africa Into the 21st Century. Programme for Land and Agrarian Studies (PLAAS). ISBN 978-1-86808-467-8. 
^ "African Countries of the Future 2013/14". fDiIntelligence.com. Retrieved 4 December 2013. 
^ Neva Makgetla (31 March 2010). "Inequality on scale found in SA bites like acid". Business Day. South Africa. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Black middle class boosts car sales in South Africa – Business – Mail & Guardian Online". Mail & Guardian. 15 January 2006. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Economic Assessment of South Africa 2008". OECD. Archived from the original on 23 April 2009. 
^ Collier, P. (3 December 2004). "World Bank, IMF study 2004". Journal of African Economies. Jae.oxfordjournals.org. 13: ii15. doi:10.1093/jae/ejh042. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ "Health Personnel in Southern Africa: Confronting maldistribution and brain drain" (PDF). Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ Haroon Bhorat; et al. (2002). "Skilled Labour Migration from Developing Countries: Study on South and Southern Africa" (PDF). International Labour Office. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "South Africa's brain-drain generation returning home". CNN World. 22 April 2009. Archived from the original on 16 December 2010. Retrieved 4 June 2011. 
^ "South Africa's brain drain reversing". Times Live. Retrieved 4 June 2011. 
^ "Graduates confident about SA". Times Live. Retrieved 4 June 2011. 
^ "SKA announces Founding Board and selects Jodrell Bank Observatory to host Project Office". SKA 2011. 2 April 2011. Retrieved 14 April 2011. 
^ "Africa and Australasia to share Square Kilometre Array". BBC. 25 May 2012. 
^ a b WHO/UNICEF:Joint Monitoring Programme for Water Supply and Sanitation:Data table South Africa Archived 9 February 2014 at the Wayback Machine., 2010. Retrieved 3 November 2012
^ ""Most progressive water utility in Africa" wins 2014Stockholm Industry Water Award". Stockholm International Water Institute (SIWI). Retrieved 8 June 2014. 
^ "Anti-immigrant violence spreads in South Africa, with attacks reported in Cape Town – The New York Times". International Herald Tribune. 23 May 2008. Archived from the original on 21 February 2009. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Escape From Mugabe: Zimbabwe's Exodus". Archived from the original on 24 January 2016. 
^ "More illegals set to flood SA". Fin24. Archived from the original on 14 February 2009. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "South African mob kills migrants". BBC. 12 May 2008. Retrieved 19 May 2008. 
^ Barry Bearak (23 May 2008). "Immigrants Fleeing Fury of South African Mobs". The New York Times. Retrieved 5 August 2008. 
^ Lehohla, Pali (5 May 2005). "Debate over race and censuses not peculiar to SA". Business Report. Archived from the original on 14 August 2007. Retrieved 25 August 2013. Others pointed out that the repeal of the Population Registration Act in 1991 removed any legal basis for specifying "race". The Identification Act of 1997 makes no mention of race. On the other hand, the Employment Equity Act speaks of "designated groups" being "black people, women and people with disabilities". The Act defines "Black" as referring to "Africans, coloureds and Indians". Apartheid and the racial identification which underpinned it explicitly linked race with differential access to resources and power. If the post-apartheid order was committed to remedying this, race would have to be included in surveys and censuses, so that progress in eradicating the consequences of apartheid could be measured and monitored. This was the reasoning that led to a "self-identifying" question about "race" or "population group" in both the 1996 and 2001 censuses, and in Statistics SA's household survey programme. 
^ Study Commission on U.S. Policy toward Southern Africa (U.S.) (1981). South Africa: time running out: the report of the Study Commission on U.S. Policy Toward Southern Africa. University of California Press. p. 42. ISBN 0-520-04547-5. 
^ a b c "World Refugee Survey 2008". U.S. Committee for Refugees and Immigrants. 19 June 2008. Archived from the original on 19 October 2014. 
^ "Constitution of South Africa, Chapter 1, Section 6". Fs.gov.za. Archived from the original on 13 November 2012. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ a b Census 2011: Census in brief (PDF). Pretoria: Statistics South Africa. 2012. pp. 23–25. ISBN 9780621413885. [permanent dead link]
^ "The languages of South Africa". SouthAfrica.info. 4 February 1997. Retrieved 7 November 2010. 
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ a b "South Africa – Section I. Religious Demography". U.S. Department of State. Retrieved 15 July 2006. 
^ Wessel Bentley; Dion Angus Forster (2008). "God's mission in our context, healing and transforming responses". Methodism in Southern Africa: A Celebration of Wesleyan Mission. AcadSA. pp. 97–98. ISBN 978-1-920212-29-2. 
^ van Wyk, Ben-Erik and van Oudtshoorn, Gericke N (1999). Medicinal Plants of South Africa. Pretoria: Briza Publications. p. 10. ISBN 978-1-875093-37-3. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "South Africa". State.gov. 15 September 2006. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ a b "In South Africa, many blacks convert to Islam / The Christian Science Monitor". The Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Muslims say their faith growing fast in Africa". Religionnewsblog.com. Retrieved 7 November 2010. 
^ Rebecca Weiner, Rebecca Weiner, ed. (2010), South African Jewish History and Information (PDF), Jewish Virtual Library, retrieved 13 August 2010 
^ "Black middle class explodes". FIN24. 22 May 2007. Archived from the original on 22 August 2007. 
^ "History of Scouting in South Africa". History of Scouting in South Africa. South African Scout Association. 2006. Retrieved 30 November 2006. 
^ Radford, Tim (16 April 2004). "World's Oldest Jewellery Found in Cave". London: Buzzle.com. Retrieved 16 April 2011. 
^ "The Nobel Prize in Literature: John Maxwell Coetzee". Swedish Academy. 2 October 2003. Retrieved 2 August 2009. 
^ "South African music after Apartheid: kwaito, the "party politic," and the appropriation of gold as a sign of success". Archived from the original on 13 June 2013. 
^ "South African Wine Guide: Stellenbosch, Constantia, Walker Bay and more". Thewinedoctor.com. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Sport in South Africa". SouthAfrica.info. Retrieved 28 June 2010. 
^ Cooper, Billy (12 July 2010). "South Africa gets 9/10 for World Cup". Mail & Guardian. Archived from the original on 15 July 2010. Retrieved 9 September 2010. 
^ "National adult literacy rates (15+), youth literacy rates (15–24) and elderly literacy rates (65+)". UNESCO Institute for Statistics. 
^ a b "A parent's guide to schooling". Retrieved 31 August 2010. 
^ "Education in South Africa". SouthAfrica.info. Archived from the original on 17 June 2010. Retrieved 20 June 2010. 
^ "Bantu Education". Overcoming Apartheid. Retrieved 20 June 2010. 
^ Cele, S'thembile; Masondo, Sipho (18 January 2015). "Shocking cost of SA’s universities". fin24.com. City Press. Retrieved 19 January 2015. 
^ "Human Development Report 2009 – South Africa". Hdrstats.undp.org. Archived from the original on 15 April 2010. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ Peoples Budget Coalition Comments on the 2011/12 Budget Archived 16 May 2012 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b "‘Clinic-in-a-Box’ seeks to improve South African healthcare". SmartPlanet. Archived from the original on 30 July 2013. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ "What does the demand for healthcare look like in SA?" (PDF). Mediclinic Southern Africa. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2 October 2013. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ a b c "Motsoaledi to reform private health care". Financial Mail. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ "South Africa". ICAP at Columbia University. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ http://www.therichest.com/rich-list/nation/the-biggest-hospitals-in-the-world/
^ "HIV and AIDS estimates (2015)". 
^ "South Africa HIV & AIDS Statistics". AVERT.org. Retrieved 6 May 2013. 
^ a b "AIDS orphans". Avert. Retrieved 8 October 2006. 
^ "Sack SA Health Minister – world's AIDS experts". afrol News. Retrieved 8 October 2006. 
^ "Situation Analysis. HIV & AIDS and STI Strategic Plan 2007–2011" (PDF). info.gov.za. Archived from the original (PDF) on 30 May 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Zuma announces AIDS reforms". UNPAN. Retrieved 9 March 2010. 


Further reading


A History of South Africa, Third Edition. Leonard Thompson. Yale University Press. 1 March 2001. 384 pages. ISBN 0-300-08776-4.
Economic Analysis and Policy Formulation for Post-Apartheid South Africa: Mission Report, Aug. 1991. International Development Research Centre. IDRC Canada, 1991. vi, 46 p. Without ISBN
Emerging Johannesburg: Perspectives on the Postapartheid City. Richard Tomlinson, et al. 1 January 2003. 336 pages. ISBN 0-415-93559-8.
Making of Modern South Africa: Conquest, Segregation and Apartheid. Nigel Worden. 1 July 2000. 194 pages. ISBN 0-631-21661-8.
South Africa: A Narrative History. Frank Welsh. Kodansha America. 1 February 1999. 606 pages. ISBN 1-56836-258-7.
South Africa in Contemporary Times. Godfrey Mwakikagile. New Africa Press. February 2008. 260 pages. ISBN 978-0-9802587-3-8.
The Atlas of Changing South Africa. A. J. Christopher. 1 October 2000. 216 pages. ISBN 0-415-21178-6.
The Politics of the New South Africa. Heather Deegan. 28 December 2000. 256 pages. ISBN 0-582-38227-0.
Twentieth-Century South Africa. William Beinart Oxford University Press 2001, 414 pages, ISBN 0-19-289318-1


External links



Wikimedia Commons has media related to South Africa.





Wikivoyage has a travel guide for South Africa.



Find more aboutSouth Africaat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Travel guide from Wikivoyage
Learning resources from Wikiversity



Government of South Africa
"South Africa". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. 
South Africa from UCB Libraries GovPubs
South Africa from the BBC News
 Wikimedia Atlas of South Africa







v
t
e


South Africa articles



History





Timeline
(years)




Early history
Cape Colony
Orange Free State
Transvaal
First Boer War
Second Boer War
Great Depression
World War II
Apartheid
Border War
Since 1994





By topic



Economic
Military








Geography







Districts
Earthquakes
Estuaries
Forests
Islands
Lakes
Mountain ranges
Municipalities
National parks
Populated places
Provinces
Rivers
Wildlife








Politics











Constitution
Courts
Elections
Foreign relations
Government
Human rights
Law
Parliament
Political parties
President






State security
and intelligence




Minister
Co-ordinating committee (NICC)
Intelligence agency (NIA)
Communications centre (NCC)
Communications security (COMSEC)
Secret Service (SASS)
Intelligence academy (SANAI)





Law enforcement



Department of Police
Police Service

Criminal intelligence (SAPS)
Special Task Force
National Intervention Unit
NFDD


Municipal Police
Independent Complaints Directorate
Department of Correctional Services
Biometrics use








Military



Department of Defence
Defence Force
Air Force
Army
Navy
Military Health Service
Special Forces
Commando System
Intelligence








Economy







Agriculture
Communications
Economic history
Energy
Foreign trade
Mining industry
Rand (currency)
Stock exchange
Taxation
Tourism
Trade unions
Transportation
Water and sanitation








Society







Crime
Education
Feminism
Health
Healthcare
Immigration
Intersex
Languages
LGBT
Racism
Religion
Sexual violence
Social movements
Xenophobia





Culture



Architecture
Art
Cinema
Cuisine
Flag
HIV/AIDS
Homelessness
Literature
Media
Music
Public holidays
Sports





Demographics



Asian

Indian
Chinese


Bantu

Ndebele
Pedi
Sotho
Swazi
Tsonga
Tswana
Venda
Xhosa
Zulu


Coloured

Cape Coloured
Cape Malay
Griqua


Khoisan
White

Afrikaner
British














Outline
Index



Category
Portal












v
t
e


Countries and territories of Africa



Sovereign states




entirely
in Africa



Algeria
Angola
Benin
Botswana
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Comoros
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Republic of the Congo
Djibouti
Egypt
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Ethiopia
Gabon
The Gambia
Ghana
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Ivory Coast (Côte d'Ivoire)
Kenya
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Madagascar
Malawi
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Niger
Nigeria
Rwanda
São Tomé and Príncipe
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Somalia
South Africa
South Sudan
Sudan
Swaziland
Tanzania
Togo
Tunisia
Uganda
Zambia
Zimbabwe





partly
in Africa



France

Mayotte
Réunion


Italy

Pantelleria
Pelagie Islands


Portugal

Madeira


Spain

Canary Islands
Ceuta
Melilla
Plazas de soberanía


Yemen

Socotra














Territories and
dependencies




Îles Éparses

France


Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha

UK


Southern Provinces (Western Sahara)1






States with limited
recognition




Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic
Somaliland






1 Unclear sovereignty.








Links to related articles











v
t
e


Group of Eight (G8) and Group of Eight + Five (G8+5)



G8 members



 Canada
 France
 Germany
 Italy
 Japan
 Russia
 United Kingdom
 United States





Representative



 European Union





G8+5



 Brazil
 China
 India
 Mexico
 South Africa





See also



Group of Six
Group of Seven
G7+1












v
t
e


G20 major economies






 Argentina
 Australia
 Brazil
 Canada
 China
 European Union
 France
 Germany
 India
 Indonesia
 Italy
 Japan
 Mexico
 Russia
 Saudi Arabia
 South Africa
 Republic of Korea
 Turkey
 United Kingdom
 United States












v
t
e


BRICS



Membership



 Brazil
 Russia
 India
 China
 South Africa





Summits



Yekaterinburg 2009
Brasília 2010
Sanya 2011
New Delhi 2012
Durban 2013
Fortaleza 2014
Ufa 2015
Goa 2016
Xiamen 2017





Bilateral relations



Brazil–China
Brazil–India
Brazil–Russia
Brazil–South Africa
China–India
China–Russia
China–South Africa
India–Russia
India–South Africa
Russia–South Africa





Leaders



 Temer
 Putin
 Modi
 Xi
 Zuma





Related



New Development Bank
BRICS Contingent Reserve Arrangement
BRICS Leaders
BRICS Cable
BRICS Universities League





BRICS U-17 Football Cup



2016 Goa












v
t
e


World Trade Organization



System



Accession and membership
Appellate Body
Dispute Settlement Body
International Trade Centre
Chronology of key events





Issues



Criticism
Doha Development Round
Singapore issues
Quota Elimination
Peace Clause





Agreements



General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
Agriculture
Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures
Technical Barriers to Trade
Trade Related Investment Measures
Trade in Services
Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights
Government Procurement
Information Technology
Marrakech Agreement
Doha Declaration
Bali Package





Ministerial
Conferences



1st (1996)
2nd (1998)
3rd (1999)
4th (2001)
5th (2003)
6th (2005)
7th (2009)
8th (2011)
9th (2013)
10th (2015)





People



Roberto Azevêdo (Director-General)
Pascal Lamy (former Director-General)
Supachai Panitchpakdi (former Director-General)
Deputy Directors-General:

Yonov Frederick Agah
Karl Brauner
David Shark
Yi Xiaozhun

former: Alejandro Jara
Valentine Rugwabiza
Harsha Singh
Rufus Yerxa









Members



Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
Angola
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belize
Benin
Bolivia
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Republic of the Congo
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Cuba
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
European Union¹
Fiji
Gabon
The Gambia
Georgia
Ghana
Grenada
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong²
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Israel
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
South Korea
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Lesotho
Liberia
Liechtenstein
Macau²
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Moldova
Mongolia
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nepal
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Qatar
Russia
Rwanda
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Suriname
Swaziland
Switzerland
Tajikistan
Taiwan³
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe


1. All twenty-eight member states of the European Union are also members of the WTO in their own right:

Austria
Belgium
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malta
Netherlands
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom


2. Special administrative regions of the People's Republic of China, participates as "Hong Kong, China" and "Macao China".
3. Officially the Republic of China, participates as "Separate Customs Territory of Taiwan, Penghu, Kinmen and Matsu", and "Chinese Taipei" in short.











v
t
e


Southern African Development Community (SADC)



Member states



Angola
Botswana
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Lesotho
Madagascar
Malawi
Mauritius
Mozambique
Namibia
Seychelles
South Africa
Swaziland
Tanzania
Zambia
Zimbabwe





Leaders




Chairpersons



Levy Mwanawasa
Kgalema Motlanthe





Secretaries-General



Kaire Mbuende
Prega Ramsamy
Tomaz Salomão








See also



Southern African Development Coordination Conference (forerunner)
Southern African Customs Union (SACU)
Common Monetary Area (CMA)
Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA)












v
t
e


African Union (AU)



History







Pan-Africanism
Casablanca Group
Monrovia Group
Abuja Treaty
Sirte Declaration
Lome Summit





Organisation of African Unity



Chairperson
Secretary General











Geography



Borders
Extreme points
Member states
Regions





Organs







Executive Council
Permanent Representatives' Committee
Specialized Technical Committees





Assembly



Chairperson





Commission



Chairperson
Deputy Chairperson
AUCC





Pan-African Parliament



Bureau
Secretariat
Gallagher Estate





African Court of Justice



African Court on Human and Peoples' Rights





ECOSOCC Committees



Peace and Security
Political Affairs
Infrastructure and Energy
Social Affairs and Health
HR, Sciences and Technology
Trade and Industry
Rural Economy and Agriculture
Economic Affairs
Women and Gender
Cross-Cutting Programs





Financial Institutions



African Central Bank
African Monetary Fund
African Investment Bank





Peace and Security Council



ACIRC
African Standby Force
Panel of the Wise
UNAMID
AMIB
AMIS
AMISOM
MISCA








Politics







APRM
Foreign relations
African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights
African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights
Enlargement





Symbols



Anthem
Emblem
Flag








Economy



Currencies
Development Bank
African Economic Community
NEPAD
African Free Trade Zone
Tripartite Free Trade Area





Culture



Africa Day
Languages





Theory



Afro
United States of Africa
United States of Latin Africa








 Category












v
t
e


Countries and territories bordering the Indian Ocean



Africa



Comoros
Djibouti
Egypt
Eritrea
France

Mayotte
Réunion


Kenya
Madagascar
Mauritius
Mozambique
Rodrigues (Mauritius)
Seychelles
Somalia
South Africa
Sudan
Tanzania
Zanzibar, Tanzania








Asia



Bahrain
Bangladesh
British Indian Ocean Territory

Chagos Archipelago - United Kingdom


Christmas Island (Australia)
Cocos (Keeling) Islands (Australia)
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Israel
Jordan
Kuwait
Malaysia
Maldives
Myanmar
Oman
Pakistan
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Sri Lanka
Thailand
Timor-Leste
United Arab Emirates
Yemen





Other



Antarctica

Australian Antarctic Territory
French Southern and Antarctic Lands
Heard Island and McDonald Islands


Australia












v
t
e


Peri-Antarctic countries and overseas territories






Argentina
Australia

Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Macquarie Island


Bouvet Island
Chile
Falkland Islands
French Southern and Antarctic Lands

Kerguelen Islands


New Zealand

New Zealand Subantarctic Islands


South Africa

Prince Edward Islands


South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands









"Peri-Antarctic" (meaning "close to the Antarctic") does not include territorial claims in Antarctica itself.










v
t
e


Members of the Commonwealth of Nations



Sovereign states
(Members)



Antigua and Barbuda
Australia
Bahamas
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belize
Botswana
Brunei
Cameroon
Canada
Cyprus
Dominica
Fiji
Ghana
Grenada
Guyana
India
Jamaica
Kenya
Kiribati
Lesotho
Malawi
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mozambique
Namibia
Nauru
New Zealand
Nigeria
Pakistan
Papua New Guinea
Rwanda
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Swaziland
Tanzania
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tuvalu
Uganda
United Kingdom
Vanuatu
Zambia





Dependencies
of Members




Australia



Ashmore and Cartier Islands
Australian Antarctic Territory
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Coral Sea Islands
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Norfolk Island





New Zealand



Cook Islands
Niue
Ross Dependency
Tokelau





United Kingdom



Akrotiri and Dhekelia
Anguilla
Bermuda
British Antarctic Territory
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Cayman Islands
Falkland Islands
Gibraltar
Guernsey
Isle of Man
Jersey
Montserrat
Pitcairn Islands
St. Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Turks and Caicos Islands









Source: Commonwealth Secretariat - Member States










v
t
e


English-speaking world






Click on a coloured area to see an article about English in that country or region






































































Further links







Articles



English-speaking world
History of the English language
British Empire
English in the Commonwealth of Nations





Lists



List of countries by English-speaking population
List of countries where English is an official language









 







Countries and territories where English is the national language or the native language of the majority





Africa



Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha





Americas



Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
The Bahamas
Barbados
Belize
Bermuda
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Dominica
Falkland Islands
Grenada
Guyana
Jamaica
Montserrat
Saba
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Sint Eustatius
Sint Maarten
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Trinidad and Tobago
Turks and Caicos Islands
United States
United States Virgin Islands





Europe



Guernsey
Ireland
Isle of Man
Jersey
United Kingdom





Oceania



Australia
New Zealand
Norfolk Island
Pitcairn Islands








 







Countries and territories where English is an official language, but not the majority first language





Africa



Botswana
Cameroon
The Gambia
Ghana
Kenya
Lesotho
Liberia
Malawi
Mauritius
Namibia
Nigeria
Rwanda
Sierra Leone
Somaliland
South Africa
South Sudan
Sudan
Swaziland
Tanzania
Uganda
Zambia
Zimbabwe





Americas



Puerto Rico





Asia



Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
India
Pakistan
Philippines
Singapore





Europe



Gibraltar
Malta





Oceania



American Samoa
Cook Islands
Fiji
Guam
Kiribati
Marshall Islands
Micronesia
Nauru
Niue
Northern Mariana Islands
Palau
Papua New Guinea
Samoa
Solomon Islands
Tokelau
Tuvalu
Vanuatu












Dependencies shown in italics.















Coordinates: 30°S 25°E﻿ / ﻿30°S 25°E﻿ / -30; 25



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 159069376
LCCN: n79023005
ISNI: 0000 0001 2167 3042
GND: 4078012-0
SUDOC: 028016009
BNF: cb11993638s (data)
NLA: 35513495
NDL: 00567657










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=South_Africa&oldid=792672918"					
Categories: South AfricaSouthern African countriesEnglish-speaking countries and territoriesG20 nationsLiberal democraciesMember states of the African UnionMember states of the Commonwealth of NationsMember states of the United NationsStates and territories established in 1910Commonwealth republicsAfrikaans-speaking countries and territoriesBantu countries and territoriesBRICS nationsCountries in AfricaHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksCS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listWikipedia articles incorporating a citation from the 1911 Encyclopaedia Britannica with Wikisource referencePages using citations with accessdate and no URLArticles with dead external links from June 2017Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia pages semi-protected against vandalismWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesUse dmy dates from March 2017Use South African English from September 2013All Wikipedia articles written in South African EnglishArticles containing Afrikaans-language textArticles containing non-English-language textArticles containing Sotho-language textArticles containing Southern Ndebele-language textArticles containing Swati-language textArticles containing Tsonga-language textArticles containing Tswana-language textArticles containing Venda-language textArticles containing Xhosa-language textArticles containing Zulu-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2013All articles with failed verificationArticles with failed verification from October 2011Wikipedia articles needing clarification from October 2011Pages using columns with the default column widthArticles with unsourced statements from May 2010Use South African English from July 2013Coordinates on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikinewsWikiquoteWikivoyage 



Languages


AcèhАдыгэбзэАдыгабзэAfrikaansAkanAlemannischአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةAragonésArpetanAsturianuAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaتۆرکجهBamanankanবাংলাBahasa BanjarBân-lâm-gúБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎भोजपुरीBikol CentralБългарскиBoarischབོད་ཡིགBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàЧӑвашлаCebuanoČeštinaChi-ChewaChiShonaCymraegDanskDeitschDeutschދިވެހިބަސްDiné bizaadDolnoserbskiཇོང་ཁEestiΕλληνικάEmiliàn e rumagnòlEspañolEsperantoEstremeñuEuskaraEʋegbeفارسیFiji HindiFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGagauzGàidhligGalego贛語Gĩkũyũગુજરાતીगोंयची कोंकणी / Gõychi Konknni客家語/Hak-kâ-ngîХальмг한국어HausaՀայերենहिन्दीHornjoserbsceHrvatskiIdoIgboIlokanoবিষ্ণুপ্রিয়া মণিপুরীBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueИронIsiXhosaIsiZuluÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡKapampanganКъарачай-малкъарქართულიकॉशुर / کٲشُرҚазақшаKernowekKinyarwandaKiswahiliКомиKongoKreyòl ayisyenKurdîКыргызчаLadinoЛезгиلۊری شومالیLatgaļuLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLimburgsLingálaLivvinkarjalaLa .lojban.LugandaLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMaltiMāoriमराठीმარგალურიمصرىمازِرونیBahasa MelayuBaso MinangkabauMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄MirandésМокшеньМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNāhuatlDorerin NaoeroNederlandsNedersaksiesनेपालीनेपाल भाषा日本語НохчийнNordfriiskNorfuk / PitkernNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskNouormandNovialOccitanଓଡ଼ିଆOromooOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀपालिپنجابیPapiamentuپښتوPatoisភាសាខ្មែរPiemontèisTok PisinPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsQaraqalpaqshaQırımtatarcaReo tahitiRipoarischRomânăRumantschRuna SimiРусиньскыйРусскийСаха тылаSámegiellaसंस्कृतम्SängöSarduScotsSeelterskSesothoSesotho sa LeboaSetswanaShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishسنڌيSiSwatiSlovenčinaSlovenščinaŚlůnskiSoomaaligaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitTarandíneТатарча/tatarçaతెలుగుไทยትግርኛТоҷикӣTsetsêhestâheseTshivendaತುಳುTürkçeTürkmençeУкраїнськаاردوئۇيغۇرچە / UyghurcheVahcuenghVènetoVepsän kel’Tiếng ViệtVolapükVõroWalon文言West-VlamsWinarayWolof吴语XitsongaייִדישYorùbá粵語ZazakiZeêuwsŽemaitėška中文डोटेलीKabɩyɛ 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 27 July 2017, at 22:30.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









South Africa - Wikipedia




















 







South Africa

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the modern country. For other uses, see South Africa (disambiguation).





Republic of South Africa

10 other official names:[1]
Republiek van Suid-Afrika  (Afrikaans)
Repabliki ya Afrika-Borwa  (Northern Sotho)
Rephaboliki ya Afrika Borwa  (Sotho)
iRiphabliki yeSewula Afrika  (Southern Ndebele)
iRiphabhulikhi yeNingizimu Afrika  (Swati)
Riphabliki ra Afrika Dzonga  (Tsonga)
Rephaboliki ya Aforika Borwa  (Tswana)
Riphabuḽiki ya Afurika Tshipembe  (Venda)
iRiphabliki yomZantsi Afrika  (Xhosa)
iRiphabhuliki yaseNingizimu Afrika  (Zulu)










Flag



Coat of arms






Motto: "!ke e: ǀxarra ǁke" (ǀXam)
"Unity in Diversity"




Anthem: National anthem of South Africa

















Location of  South Africa  (dark blue)
in the African Union  (light blue)








Capital



Pretoria (executive)
Bloemfontein (judicial)
Cape Town (legislative)





Largest city
Johannesburg[2]


Official languages

[Note 1]

11 languages

Afrikaans
Northern Sotho
English
Southern Ndebele
Southern Sotho
Swazi
Tsonga
Tswana
Venda
Xhosa
Zulu





Ethnic groups (2014[3])



80.2% Black
8.8% Coloured
8.4% White
2.5% Asian





Religion
See Religion in South Africa


Demonym
South African


Government
Unitary parliamentary constitutional republic



• President

Jacob Zuma



• Deputy President

Cyril Ramaphosa


Legislature
Parliament



• Upper house

National Council



• Lower house

National Assembly


Independence from the United Kingdom



• Union

31 May 1910



• Self-governance

11 December 1931



• Republic

31 May 1961



• Current constitution

4 February 1997


Area



• Total

1,221,037 km2 (471,445 sq mi) (24th)



• Water (%)

negligible


Population



• 2015 estimate

54,956,900[4] (25th)



• 2011 census

51,770,560[5]:18



• Density

42.4/km2 (109.8/sq mi) (169th)


GDP (PPP)
2016 estimate



• Total

$742.461 billion[6] (30th)



• Per capita

$13,321[6] (90th)


GDP (nominal)
2016 estimate



• Total

$326.541 billion[6] (35th)



• Per capita

$5,859[6] (88th)


Gini (2009)
63.1[7]
very high


HDI (2014)
 0.666[8]
medium · 116th


Currency
South African rand (ZAR)


Time zone
SAST (UTC+2)


Drives on the
left


Calling code
+27


ISO 3166 code
ZA


Internet TLD
.za


South Africa, officially the Republic of South Africa (RSA), is the southernmost country in Africa. It is bounded on the south by 2,798 kilometres (1,739 mi) of coastline of Southern Africa stretching along the South Atlantic and Indian Oceans;[9][10][11] on the north by the neighbouring countries of Namibia, Botswana, and Zimbabwe; and on the east and northeast by Mozambique and Swaziland; and surrounds the kingdom of Lesotho.[12] South Africa is the 25th-largest country in the world by land area, and with close to 56,000,000 people, is the world's 24th-most populous nation. It is the southernmost country on the mainland of the Old World or the Eastern Hemisphere. About 80% of South Africans are of Sub-Saharan African ancestry,[5] divided among a variety of ethnic groups speaking different Bantu languages, nine of which have official status.[11] The remaining population consists of Africa's largest communities of European (white), Asian (Indian), and multiracial (coloured) ancestry.
South Africa is a multiethnic society encompassing a wide variety of cultures, languages, and religions. Its pluralistic makeup is reflected in the constitution's recognition of eleven official languages, which is among the highest number of any country in the world.[11] Two of these languages are of European origin: Afrikaans developed from Dutch and serves as the first language of most white and coloured South Africans; English reflects the legacy of British colonialism, and is commonly used in public and commercial life, though it is fourth-ranked as a spoken first language.[11] The country is one of the few in Africa never to have had a coup d'état, and regular elections have been held for almost a century. However, the vast majority of Black South Africans were not enfranchised until 1994. During the twentieth century, the Black majority sought to recover its rights from the dominant White minority, with this struggle playing a large role in the country's recent history and politics. The National Party imposed the apartheid system in 1948, institutionalising previous racial segregation. After a long and sometimes violent struggle by the African National Congress and other anti-apartheid activists both inside and outside the country, discriminatory laws began to be repealed or abolished from 1990 onwards.
Since 1994, all ethnic and linguistic groups have held political representation in the country's democracy, which comprises a parliamentary republic and nine provinces. South Africa is often referred to as the "Rainbow Nation" to describe the country's multicultural diversity, especially in the wake of apartheid.[13] The World Bank classifies South Africa as an upper-middle-income economy, and a newly industrialised country.[14][15] Its economy is the second-largest in Africa, and the 34th-largest in the world.[6] In terms of purchasing power parity, South Africa has the seventh-highest per capita income in Africa. However, poverty and inequality remain widespread, with about a quarter of the population unemployed and living on less than US$1.25 a day.[16][17] Nevertheless, South Africa has been identified as a middle power in international affairs, and maintains significant regional influence.[18][19]



Contents


1 Name
2 History

2.1 Prehistoric finds
2.2 Bantu expansion
2.3 Portuguese contacts
2.4 Dutch colonisation
2.5 British colonisation

2.5.1 Independence
2.5.2 Beginning of apartheid


2.6 Republic

2.6.1 End of apartheid




3 Geography

3.1 Climate
3.2 Biodiversity

3.2.1 Animals
3.2.2 Fungi
3.2.3 Plants


3.3 Conservation issues


4 Politics and government

4.1 Law
4.2 Foreign relations
4.3 Military
4.4 Administrative divisions


5 Economy

5.1 Labour market
5.2 Science and technology
5.3 Water supply and sanitation


6 Demographics

6.1 Languages
6.2 Urban centres
6.3 Religion


7 Culture

7.1 Arts
7.2 Popular culture
7.3 Cuisine
7.4 Sports


8 Education
9 Health

9.1 HIV/AIDS


10 See also
11 Notes
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Name
See also: Official names of South Africa
The name "South Africa" is derived from the country's geographic location at the southern tip of Africa. Upon formation the country was named the Union of South Africa in English, reflecting its origin from the unification of four formerly separate British colonies. Since 1961 the long form name in English has been the "Republic of South Africa". In Dutch the country was named Republiek van Zuid-Afrika, replaced in 1983 by the Afrikaans Republiek van Suid-Afrika. Since 1994 the Republic has had an official name in each of its 11 official languages.
Mzansi, derived from the Xhosa noun umzantsi meaning "south", is a colloquial name for South Africa,[20][21] while some Pan-Africanist political parties prefer the term "Azania".[22]
History
Main article: History of South Africa
Prehistoric finds
South Africa contains some of the oldest archaeological and human fossil sites in the world.[23][24][25] Extensive fossil remains have been recovered from a series of caves in Gauteng Province. The area is a UNESCO World Heritage site and has been termed the Cradle of Humankind. The sites include Sterkfontein, which is one of the richest hominin fossil sites in the world. Other sites include Swartkrans, Gondolin Cave Kromdraai, Coopers Cave and Malapa. The first hominin fossil discovered in Africa, the Taung Child was found near Taung in 1924. Further hominin remains have been recovered from the sites of Makapansgat in Limpopo, Cornelia and Florisbad in the Free State, Border Cave in KwaZulu-Natal, Klasies River Mouth in eastern Cape and Pinnacle Point, Elandsfontein and Die Kelders Cave in Western Cape. These sites suggest that various hominid species existed in South Africa from about three million years ago starting with Australopithecus africanus.[26] These were succeeded by various species, including Australopithecus sediba, Homo ergaster, Homo erectus, Homo rhodesiensis, Homo helmei, Homo naledi and modern humans, Homo sapiens. Modern humans have inhabited Southern Africa for at least 170,000 years.
Within the Vaal River valley, pebble tools have been located.[27]
Bantu expansion




Mapungubwe Hill, the site of the former capital of the Kingdom of Mapungubwe


Settlements of Bantu-speaking peoples, who were iron-using agriculturists and herdsmen, were already present south of the Limpopo River (now the northern border with Botswana and Zimbabwe) by the 4th or 5th century CE. (See Bantu expansion.) They displaced, conquered and absorbed the original Khoisan speakers, the Khoikhoi and San peoples. The Bantu slowly moved south. The earliest ironworks in modern-day KwaZulu-Natal Province are believed to date from around 1050. The southernmost group was the Xhosa people, whose language incorporates certain linguistic traits from the earlier Khoisan people. The Xhosa reached the Great Fish River, in today's Eastern Cape Province. As they migrated, these larger Iron Age populations displaced or assimilated earlier peoples. In Mpumalanga, several stone circles have been found along with the stone arrangement that has been named Adam's Calendar.
Portuguese contacts
At the time of European contact, the dominant ethnic group were Bantu-speaking peoples who had migrated from other parts of Africa about one thousand years before. The two major historic groups were the Xhosa and Zulu peoples.
In 1487, the Portuguese explorer Bartolomeu Dias led the first European voyage to land in southern Africa.[28] On 4 December, he landed at Walfisch Bay (now known as Walvis Bay in present-day Namibia). This was south of the furthest point reached in 1485 by his predecessor, the Portuguese navigator Diogo Cão (Cape Cross, north of the bay). Dias continued down the western coast of southern Africa. After 8 January 1488, prevented by storms from proceeding along the coast, he sailed out of sight of land and passed the southernmost point of Africa without seeing it. He reached as far up the eastern coast of Africa as, what he called, Rio do Infante, probably the present-day Groot River, in May 1488, but on his return he saw the Cape, which he first named Cabo das Tormentas (Cape of Storms). His King, John II, renamed the point Cabo da Boa Esperança, or Cape of Good Hope, as it led to the riches of the East Indies.[29] Dias' feat of navigation was later immortalised in Luís de Camões' Portuguese epic poem, The Lusiads (1572).
Dutch colonisation
See also: History of Cape Colony and Dutch Cape Colony




Charles Davidson Bell's 19th-century painting of Jan van Riebeeck, who founded the first European settlement in South Africa, arrives in Table Bay in 1652.


By the early 17th century, Portugal's maritime power was starting to decline, and English and Dutch merchants competed to oust Lisbon from its lucrative monopoly on the spice trade.[30] Representatives of the British East India Company did call sporadically at the Cape in search of provisions as early as 1601, but later came to favour Ascension Island and St. Helena as alternative ports of refuge.[31] Dutch interest was aroused after 1647, when two employees of the Dutch East India Company (VOC) were shipwrecked there for several months. The sailors were able to survive by obtaining fresh water and meat from the natives.[31] They also sowed vegetables in the fertile soil.[32] Upon their return to Holland they reported favourably on the Cape's potential as a "warehouse and garden" for provisions to stock passing ships for long voyages.[31]
In 1652, a century and a half after the discovery of the Cape sea route, Jan van Riebeeck established a victualing station at the Cape of Good Hope, at what would become Cape Town, on behalf of the Dutch East India Company.[33][34] In time, the Cape become home to a large population of "vrijlieden", also known as "vrijburgers" (free citizens), former Company employees who stayed in Dutch territories overseas after serving their contracts.[34] Dutch traders also imported thousands of slaves to the fledgling colony from Indonesia, Madagascar, and parts of eastern Africa.[35] Some of the earliest mixed race communities in the country were later formed through unions between vrijburgers, their slaves, and various indigenous peoples.[36] This led to the development of a new ethnic group, the Cape Coloureds, most of whom adopted the Dutch language and Christian faith.[36]
The eastward expansion of Dutch colonists ushered in a series of wars with the southwesterly migrating Xhosa tribe, as both sides competed for the pastureland necessary to graze their cattle near the Great Fish River.[37] Vrijburgers who became independent farmers on the frontier were known as Boers, with some adopting semi-nomadic lifestyles being denoted as trekboers.[37] The Boers formed loose militias, which they termed commandos, and forged alliances with Khoisan groups to repel Xhosa raids.[37] Both sides launched bloody but inconclusive offensives, and sporadic violence, often accompanied by livestock theft, remained common for several decades.[37]
British colonisation
Great Britain occupied Cape Town between 1795 and 1803 to prevent it from falling under the control of the French First Republic, which had invaded the Low Countries.[37] Despite briefly returning to Dutch rule under the Batavian Republic in 1803, the Cape was occupied again by the British in 1806.[38] Following the end of the Napoleonic Wars, it was formally ceded to Great Britain and became an integral part of the British Empire.[39] British immigration to South Africa began around 1818, subsequently culminating in the arrival of the 1820 Settlers.[39] The new colonists were induced to settle for a variety of reasons, namely to increase the size of the European workforce and to bolster frontier regions against Xhosa incursions.[39]




Depiction of a Zulu attack on a Boer camp in February 1838


In the first two decades of the 19th century, the Zulu people grew in power and expanded their territory under their leader, Shaka.[40] Shaka's warfare led indirectly to the Mfecane ("crushing") that devastated and depopulated the inland plateau in the early 1820s.[41][42] An offshoot of the Zulu, the Matabele people created a larger empire that included large parts of the highveld under their king Mzilikazi.
During the early 1800s, many Dutch settlers departed from the Cape Colony, where they had been subjected to British control. They migrated to the future Natal, Orange Free State, and Transvaal regions. The Boers founded the Boer Republics: the South African Republic (now Gauteng, Limpopo, Mpumalanga and North West provinces) and the Orange Free State (Free State).
The discovery of diamonds in 1867 and gold in 1884 in the interior started the Mineral Revolution and increased economic growth and immigration. This intensified British efforts to gain control over the indigenous peoples. The struggle to control these important economic resources was a factor in relations between Europeans and the indigenous population and also between the Boers and the British.[43]
The Anglo-Zulu War was fought in 1879 between the British Empire and the Zulu Kingdom. Following Lord Carnarvon's successful introduction of federation in Canada, it was thought that similar political effort, coupled with military campaigns, might succeed with the African kingdoms, tribal areas and Boer republics in South Africa. In 1874, Sir Henry Bartle Frere was sent to South Africa as High Commissioner for the British Empire to bring such plans into being. Among the obstacles were the presence of the independent states of the South African Republic and the Kingdom of Zululand and its army. The Zulu nation spectacularly defeated the British at the Battle of Isandlwana. Eventually though the war was lost resulting in the end of the Zulu nation's independence.




Boers in combat (1881)


The Boer Republics successfully resisted British encroachments during the First Boer War (1880–1881) using guerrilla warfare tactics, which were well suited to local conditions. The British returned with greater numbers, more experience, and new strategy in the Second Boer War (1899–1902) but suffered heavy casualties through attrition; nonetheless, they were ultimately successful.
Independence
Within the country, anti-British policies among white South Africans focused on independence. During the Dutch and British colonial years, racial segregation was mostly informal, though some legislation was enacted to control the settlement and movement of native people, including the Native Location Act of 1879 and the system of pass laws.[44][45][46][47][48]
Eight years after the end of the Second Boer War and after four years of negotiation, an act of the British Parliament (South Africa Act 1909) granted nominal independence, while creating the Union of South Africa on 31 May 1910. The Union was a dominion that included the former territories of the Cape and Natal colonies, as well as the republics of Orange Free State and Transvaal.[49]
The Natives' Land Act of 1913 severely restricted the ownership of land by blacks; at that stage natives controlled only 7% of the country. The amount of land reserved for indigenous peoples was later marginally increased.[50]
In 1931 the union was fully sovereign from the United Kingdom with the passage of the Statute of Westminster, which abolished the last powers of the British Government on the country. In 1934, the South African Party and National Party merged to form the United Party, seeking reconciliation between Afrikaners and English-speaking "Whites". In 1939 the party split over the entry of the Union into World War II as an ally of the United Kingdom, a move which the National Party followers strongly opposed.
Beginning of apartheid




"For use by white persons" – apartheid sign


In 1948, the National Party was elected to power. It strengthened the racial segregation begun under Dutch and British colonial rule. The Nationalist Government classified all peoples into three races and developed rights and limitations for each. The white minority (less than 20%[51]) controlled the vastly larger black majority. The legally institutionalised segregation became known as apartheid. While whites enjoyed the highest standard of living in all of Africa, comparable to First World Western nations, the black majority remained disadvantaged by almost every standard, including income, education, housing, and life expectancy. The Freedom Charter, adopted in 1955 by the Congress Alliance, demanded a non-racial society and an end to discrimination.
Republic
On 31 May 1961, the country became a republic following a referendum in which white voters narrowly voted in favour thereof (the British-dominated Natal province rallied against the issue).[52] Queen Elizabeth II was stripped of the title Queen of South Africa, and the last Governor-General, namely Charles Robberts Swart, became State President. As a concession to the Westminster system, the presidency remained parliamentary appointed and virtually powerless until P. W. Botha's Constitution Act of 1983, which (intact in these regards) eliminated the office of Prime Minister and instated a near-unique "strong presidency" responsible to parliament. Pressured by other Commonwealth of Nations countries, South Africa withdrew from the organisation in 1961, and rejoined it only in 1994.
Despite opposition both within and outside the country, the government legislated for a continuation of apartheid. The security forces cracked down on internal dissent, and violence became widespread, with anti-apartheid organisations such as the African National Congress, the Azanian People's Organisation, and the Pan-Africanist Congress carrying out guerrilla warfare[53] and urban sabotage.[54] The three rival resistance movements also engaged in occasional inter-factional clashes as they jockeyed for domestic influence.[55] Apartheid became increasingly controversial, and several countries began to boycott business with the South African government because of its racial policies. These measures were later extended to international sanctions and the divestment of holdings by foreign investors.[56][57]




F. W. de Klerk and Nelson Mandela shake hands in January 1992


In the late 1970s, South Africa initiated a programme of nuclear weapons development. In the following decade, it produced six deliverable nuclear weapons.[58][59]
End of apartheid
The Mahlabatini Declaration of Faith, signed by Mangosuthu Buthelezi and Harry Schwarz in 1974, enshrined the principles of peaceful transition of power and equality for all, the first of such agreements by black and white political leaders in South Africa. Ultimately, F. W. de Klerk opened bilateral discussions with Nelson Mandela in 1993 for a transition of policies and government.
In 1990 the National Party government took the first step towards dismantling discrimination when it lifted the ban on the African National Congress and other political organisations. It released Nelson Mandela from prison after twenty-seven years' serving a sentence for sabotage. A negotiation process followed. With approval from a predominantly white referendum, the government repealed apartheid legislation. South Africa also destroyed its nuclear arsenal and acceded to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty. South Africa held its first universal elections in 1994, which the ANC won by an overwhelming majority. It has been in power ever since. The country rejoined the Commonwealth of Nations and became a member of the Southern African Development Community (SADC).




Nelson Mandela, first black African President of Republic of South Africa


In post-apartheid South Africa, unemployment has been extremely high as the country has struggled with many changes. While many blacks have risen to middle or upper classes, the overall unemployment rate of blacks worsened between 1994 and 2003.[60] Poverty among whites, previously rare, increased.[61] In addition, the current government has struggled to achieve the monetary and fiscal discipline to ensure both redistribution of wealth and economic growth. Since the ANC-led government took power, the United Nations Human Development Index of South Africa has fallen, while it was steadily rising until the mid-1990s.[62] Some may be attributed to the HIV/AIDS pandemic, and the failure of the government to take steps to address it in the early years.[63]
In May 2008, riots left over sixty people dead.[64] The Centre on Housing Rights and Evictions estimates over 100,000 people were driven from their homes.[65] The targets were mainly migrants and refugees seeking asylum, but a third of the victims were South African citizens.[64] In a 2006 survey, the South African Migration Project concluded that South Africans are more opposed to immigration than anywhere else in the world.[66] The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in 2008 reported over 200,000 refugees applied for asylum in South Africa, almost four times as many as the year before.[67] These people were mainly from Zimbabwe, though many also come from Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Rwanda, Eritrea, Ethiopia and Somalia.[67] Competition over jobs, business opportunities, public services and housing has led to tension between refugees and host communities.[67] While xenophobia is still a problem, recent violence has not been as widespread as initially feared.[67]
Geography
Main article: Geography of South Africa




A map of South Africa showing the main topographic features: the Central Plateau edged by the Great Escarpment, and the Cape Fold Belt in the south-west corner of the country






Important geographical regions in South Africa. The thick line traces the course of the Great Escarpment which edges the central plateau. The eastern portion of this line, coloured red, is known as the Drakensberg. The Escarpment rises to its highest point, at over 3000 m, where the Drakensberg forms the border between KwaZulu-Natal and Lesotho. None of the regions indicated on the map has a sharp well-defined border, except where the Escarpment, or a range of mountains forms a clear dividing line between two regions. Some of the better known regions are coloured in; the others are simply indicated by their names, as they would be in an atlas.


South Africa is located at the southernmost region of Africa, with a long coastline that stretches more than 2,500 km (1,553 mi) and along two oceans (the South Atlantic and the Indian). At 1,219,912 km2 (471,011 sq mi),[68] South Africa is the 25th-largest country in the world and is comparable in size to Colombia. Mafadi in the Drakensberg at 3,450 m (11,320 ft) is the highest peak in South Africa. Excluding the Prince Edward Islands, the country lies between latitudes 22° and 35°S, and longitudes 16° and 33°E.
The interior of South Africa consists of a vast, in most places almost flat, plateau with an altitude of between 1,000 m (3,300 ft) and 2,100 m (6,900 ft), highest in the east and sloping gently downwards towards the west and north, and slightly less noticeably so to the south and south-west.[69] This plateau is surrounded by the Great Escarpment[70] whose eastern, and highest, stretch is known as the Drakensberg.[71]
The south and south-western parts of the plateau (at approximately 1100–1800 m above sea level), and the adjoining plain below (at approximately 700–800 m above sea level – see map on the right) is known as the Great Karoo, which consists of sparsely populated scrubland. To the north the Great Karoo fades into the even drier and more arid Bushmanland, which eventually becomes the Kalahari desert in the very north-west of the country. The mid-eastern, and highest part of the plateau is known as the Highveld. This relatively well-watered area is home to a great proportion of the country’s commercial farmlands, and contains its largest conurbation (Gauteng Province). To the north of Highveld, from about the 25° 30' S line of latitude, the plateau slopes downwards into the Bushveld, which ultimately gives way to the Limpopo lowlands or Lowveld.[70]




Flat topped hills (called Karoo Koppies) are highly characteristic of the southern and southwestern Karoo landscape. These hills are capped by hard, erosion resistant dolerite sills. This is solidified lava that was forced under high pressure between the horizontal strata of the sedimentary rocks that make up most of the Karoo’s geology about 180 million years ago. Since then Southern Africa has undergone a prolonged period of erosion removing the relatively soft Karoo rocks, except where they are protected by a cap of dolerite. This photograph was taken near Cradock in the Eastern Cape.


The coastal belt, below the Great Escarpment, moving clockwise from the northeast, consists of the Limpopo Lowveld, which merges into the Mpumalanga Lowveld, below the Mpumalanga Drakensberg (the eastern portion of the Great Escarpment).[72] This is hotter, drier and less intensely cultivated than the Highveld above the escarpment.[70] The Kruger National Park, located in the provinces of Limpopo and Mpumalanga in northeastern South Africa, occupies a large portion of the Lowveld covering 19,633 square kilometres (7,580 sq mi.) [73] South of the Lowveld the annual rainfall increases as one enters KwaZulu-Natal Province, which, especially near the coast, is subtropically hot and humid. The KwaZulu-Natal – Lesotho international border is formed by the highest portion of the Great Escarpment, or Drakensberg, which reaches an altitude of over 3,000 m (9,800 ft).[74] The climate at the foot of this part of the Drakensberg is temperate.




Drakensberg, the eastern and highest portion of the Great Escarpment which surrounds the east, south and western borders of the central plateau of Southern Africa


The coastal belt below the south and south-western stretches of the Great Escarpment contains several ranges of Cape Fold Mountains which run parallel to the coast, separating the Great Escarpment from the ocean.[75][76] (These parallel ranges of fold mountains are shown on the map, above left. Note the course of the Great Escarpment to the north of these mountain ranges.) The land (at approximately 400–500 m above sea level) between two of these ranges of fold mountains in the south (i.e. between the Outeniqua and Langeberg ranges to the south and the Swartberg range to the north) is known as the Little Karoo,[70] which consists of semi-desert scrubland similar to that of the Great Karoo, except that its northern strip along the foothills of the Swartberg Mountains, has a somewhat higher rainfall and is therefore more cultivated than the Great Karoo. The Little Karoo is historically, and still, famous for its ostrich farming around the town of Oudtshoorn. The lowland area (700–800 m above sea level) to the north of the Swartberg mountain range up to the Great Escarpment is the lowland part of the Great Karoo (see map at top right), which is climatically and botanically almost indistinguishable from the Karoo above the Great Escarpment. The narrow coastal strip between the most seaward Cape Fold Mountain range (i.e., the Langeberg–Outeniqua mountains) and the ocean has a moderately high year-round rainfall, especially in the George-Knysna-Plettenberg Bay region, which is known as the Garden Route. It is famous for the most extensive areas of indigenous forests in South Africa (a generally forest-poor country).
In the south-west corner of the country the Cape Peninsula forms the southernmost tip of the coastal strip which borders the Atlantic Ocean, and ultimately terminates at the country’s border with Namibia at the Orange River. The Cape Peninsula has a Mediterranean climate, making it and its immediate surrounds the only portion of Africa south of the Sahara which receives most of its rainfall in winter.[77][78] The greater Cape Town metropolitan area is situated on the Cape Peninsula and is home to 3.7 million people according to the 2011 population census. It is the country's legislative capital.




Spring flowers in Namaqualand


The coastal belt to the north of the Cape Peninsula is bounded on the west by the Atlantic Ocean and the first row of north-south running Cape Fold Mountains to the east. The Cape Fold Mountains peter out at about the 32° S line of latitude,[76] after which the coastal plain is bounded by the Great Escarpment itself. The most southerly portion of this coastal belt is known as the Swartland and Malmesbury Plain, which is an important wheat growing region, relying on winter rains. The region further north is known as Namaqualand,[79] which becomes more and more arid as one approaches the Orange River. The little rain that falls, tends to fall in winter,[78] which results in one of the world’s most spectacular displays of flowers carpeting huge stretches of veld in spring (August–September).




Cape Floral Region Protected Areas.


South Africa also has one possession, the small sub-Antarctic archipelago of the Prince Edward Islands, consisting of Marion Island (290 km2 or 110 sq mi) and Prince Edward Island (45 km2 or 17 sq mi) (not to be confused with the Canadian province of the same name).
Climate
Main article: Climate of South Africa




Köppen climate types of South Africa


South Africa has a generally temperate climate, due in part to being surrounded by the Atlantic and Indian Oceans on three sides, by its location in the climatically milder Southern Hemisphere and due to the average elevation rising steadily towards the north (towards the equator) and further inland. Due to this varied topography and oceanic influence, a great variety of climatic zones exist. The climatic zones range from the extreme desert of the southern Namib in the farthest northwest to the lush subtropical climate in the east along the Mozambique border and the Indian Ocean. Winters in South Africa occur between June and August.
The extreme southwest has a climate remarkably similar to that of the Mediterranean with wet winters and hot, dry summers, hosting the famous fynbos biome of shrubland and thicket. This area also produces much of the wine in South Africa. This region is also particularly known for its wind, which blows intermittently almost all year. The severity of this wind made passing around the Cape of Good Hope particularly treacherous for sailors, causing many shipwrecks. Further east on the south coast, rainfall is distributed more evenly throughout the year, producing a green landscape. This area is popularly known as the Garden Route.
The Free State is particularly flat because it lies centrally on the high plateau. North of the Vaal River, the Highveld becomes better watered and does not experience subtropical extremes of heat. Johannesburg, in the centre of the Highveld, is at 1,740 m (5,709 ft) and receives an annual rainfall of 760 mm (29.9 in). Winters in this region are cold, although snow is rare.
The high Drakensberg mountains, which form the south-eastern escarpment of the Highveld, offer limited skiing opportunities in winter. The coldest place on mainland South Africa is Sutherland in the western Roggeveld Mountains, where midwinter temperatures can reach as low as −15 °C (5 °F). The Prince Edward Islands have colder average annual temperatures, but Sutherland has colder extremes. The deep interior of mainland South Africa has the hottest temperatures: a temperature of 51.7 °C (125.06 °F) was recorded in 1948 in the Northern Cape Kalahari near Upington,[80] but this temperature is unofficial and was not recorded with standard equipment, the official highest temperature is 48.8 °C (119.84 °F) at Vioolsdrif in January 1993.[81]
Biodiversity
See also: Wildlife of South Africa and Protected areas of South Africa
South Africa signed the Rio Convention on Biological Diversity on 4 June 1994, and became a party to the convention on 2 November 1995.[82] It has subsequently produced a National Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plan, which was received by the convention on 7 June 2006.[83] The country is ranked sixth out of the world's seventeen megadiverse countries.[84]
Animals




South African giraffe, Kruger National Park


Numerous mammals are found in the bushveld including Transvaal lions, African leopards, South African cheetahs, southern white rhinos, blue wildebeest, kudus, impalas, hyenas, hippopotamuses and South African giraffes. A significant extent of the bushveld exists in the north-east including Kruger National Park and the Sabi Sand Game Reserve, as well as in the far north in the Waterberg Biosphere. South Africa houses many endemic species, among them the critically endangered riverine rabbit (Bunolagus monticullaris) in the Karoo.
Fungi
Up to 1945, more than 4900 species of fungi (including lichen-forming species) had been recorded.[85] In 2006, the total number of fungi which occur in South Africa was conservatively estimated at about 200,000 species, but that did not take into account fungi associated with insects.[86] If correct, then the number of South African fungi dwarfs that of its plants. In at least some major South African ecosystems, an exceptionally high percentage of fungi are highly specific in terms of the plants with which they occur.[87] The country's biodiversity strategy and action plan does not mention fungi (including lichen-forming fungi).[83]
Plants




Sub-tropical forest near Durban






Lowveld vegetation of the Kruger National Park


With more than 22,000 different higher plants, or about 9% of all the known species of plants on Earth,[88] South Africa is particularly rich in plant diversity. The most prevalent biome in South Africa is the grassland, particularly on the Highveld, where the plant cover is dominated by different grasses, low shrubs, and acacia trees, mainly camel-thorn and whitethorn. Vegetation becomes even more sparse towards the northwest due to low rainfall. There are several species of water-storing succulents like aloes and euphorbias in the very hot and dry Namaqualand area. The grass and thorn savannah turns slowly into a bush savannah towards the north-east of the country, with denser growth. There are significant numbers of baobab trees in this area, near the northern end of Kruger National Park.[89]
The fynbos biome, which makes up the majority of the area and plant life in the Cape floristic region, one of the six floral kingdoms, is located in a small region of the Western Cape and contains more than 9,000 of those species, making it among the richest regions on earth in terms of plant diversity.[citation needed] Most of the plants are evergreen hard-leaf plants with fine, needle-like leaves, such as the sclerophyllous plants. Another uniquely South African flowering plant group is the genus Protea. There are around 130 different species of Protea in South Africa.
While South Africa has a great wealth of flowering plants, only 1% of South Africa is forest, almost exclusively in the humid coastal plain of KwaZulu-Natal, where there are also areas of Southern Africa mangroves in river mouths. There are even smaller reserves of forests that are out of the reach of fire, known as montane forests. Plantations of imported tree species are predominant, particularly the non-native eucalyptus and pine.
Conservation issues
South Africa has lost a large area of natural habitat in the last four decades, primarily due to overpopulation, sprawling development patterns and deforestation during the 19th century. South Africa is one of the worst affected countries in the world when it comes to invasion by alien species with many (e.g. black wattle, Port Jackson willow, Hakea, Lantana and Jacaranda) posing a significant threat to the native biodiversity and the already scarce water resources. The original temperate forest found by the first European settlers was exploited ruthlessly until only small patches remained. Currently, South African hardwood trees like real yellowwood (Podocarpus latifolius), stinkwood (Ocotea bullata), and South African black ironwood (Olea laurifolia) are under government protection. Statistics from the South African Environmental Affairs department show a record 1215 rhinos have been killed in 2014.[90]
Climate change is expected to bring considerable warming and drying to much of this already semi-arid region, with greater frequency and intensity of extreme weather events such as heatwaves, flooding and drought. According to computer generated climate modelling produced by the South African National Biodiversity Institute[91] parts of southern Africa will see an increase in temperature by about one degree Celsius along the coast to more than four degrees Celsius in the already hot hinterland such as the Northern Cape in late spring and summertime by 2050. The Cape Floral Kingdom, been identified as one of the global biodiversity hotspots, it will be hit very hard by climate change. Drought, increased intensity and frequency of fire and climbing temperatures are expected to push many rare species towards extinction.


Biodiversity of South Africa


King protea, national flower



Fynbos, Cape Floristic Region



Blue crane, national bird



Flowers in the West Coast National Park




Politics and government
Main articles: Government of South Africa, Politics of South Africa, Law of South Africa, and Human rights in South Africa




Union Buildings in Pretoria, seat of the executive






Houses of Parliament in Cape Town, seat of the legislature


South Africa is a parliamentary republic, although unlike most such republics the President is both head of state and head of government, and depends for his tenure on the confidence of Parliament. The executive, legislature and judiciary are all subject to the supremacy of the Constitution, and the superior courts have the power to strike down executive actions and acts of Parliament if they are unconstitutional.
The National Assembly, the lower house of Parliament, consists of 400 members and is elected every five years by a system of party-list proportional representation. The National Council of Provinces, the upper house, consists of ninety members, with each of the nine provincial legislatures electing ten members.
After each parliamentary election, the National Assembly elects one of its members as President; hence the President serves a term of office the same as that of the Assembly, normally five years. No President may serve more than two terms in office.[92] The President appoints a Deputy President and Ministers, who form the Cabinet which consists of Departments and Ministries. The President and the Cabinet may be removed by the National Assembly by a motion of no confidence.




Jacob Zuma, President of South Africa since 2009


In the most recent election, held on 7 May 2014, the African National Congress (ANC) won 62.2% of the vote and 249 seats, while the main opposition, the Democratic Alliance (DA) won 22.2% of the vote and 89 seats. The Economic Freedom Fighters, founded by Julius Malema, the former President of the ANC's Youth Wing who was later expelled from the ANC, won 6.4% of the vote and 25 seats. The ANC has been the governing political party in South Africa since the end of apartheid.
South Africa has no legally defined capital city. The fourth chapter of the Constitution of South Africa, states that "The seat of Parliament is Cape Town, but an Act of Parliament enacted in accordance with section 76(1) and (5) may determine that the seat of Parliament is elsewhere."[93] The country's three branches of government are split over different cities. Cape Town, as the seat of Parliament, is the legislative capital; Pretoria, as the seat of the President and Cabinet, is the administrative capital; and Bloemfontein, as the seat of the Supreme Court of Appeal, is the judicial capital, while the Constitutional Court of South Africa sits in Johannesburg. Most foreign embassies are located in Pretoria.
Since 2004, South Africa has had many thousands of popular protests, some violent, making it, according to one academic, the "most protest-rich country in the world".[94] There have been a number of incidents of political repression as well as threats of future repression in violation of this constitution leading some analysts and civil society organisations to conclude that there is or could be a new climate of political repression,[95][96] or a decline in political tolerance.[97]
In 2008, South Africa placed 5th out of 48 sub-Saharan African countries on the Ibrahim Index of African Governance. South Africa scored well in the categories of Rule of Law, Transparency & Corruption and Participation & Human Rights, but was let down by its relatively poor performance in Safety & Security.[98] In November 2006, South Africa became the first African country to legalise same-sex marriage.[99]
Law
See also: Crime in South Africa




Constitutional Court in Johannesburg


The Constitution of South Africa is the supreme rule of law in the country. The primary sources of South African law are Roman-Dutch mercantile law and personal law with English Common law, as imports of Dutch settlements and British colonialism.[100] The first European based law in South Africa was brought by the Dutch East India Company and is called Roman-Dutch law. It was imported before the codification of European law into the Napoleonic Code and is comparable in many ways to Scots law. This was followed in the 19th century by English law, both common and statutory. Starting in 1910 with unification, South Africa had its own parliament which passed laws specific for South Africa, building on those previously passed for the individual member colonies.
The judicial system consists of the magistrates' courts, which hear lesser criminal cases and smaller civil cases; the High Courts, which are courts of general jurisdiction for specific areas; the Supreme Court of Appeal, which is the highest court in all but constitutional matters; and the Constitutional Court, which hears only constitutional matters.




Soweto Pride 2012 participants protest against violence against lesbians. Human Rights in the country are widely positivized into laws but some groups still are socially discriminated. It is the first country in Africa recognizing same sex marriage.


Nearly 50 murders are committed each day in South Africa.[101] In the year ended March 2014 there were 17,068 murders and the murder rate was 32.2 per 100,000 - about five times higher than the global average of 6 per 100,000.[102] Middle-class South Africans seek security in gated communities.[103] The private security industry in South Africa is the largest in the world,[104] with nearly 9,000 registered companies and 400,000 registered active private security guards, more than the South African police and army combined.[105] Many emigrants from South Africa also state that crime was a big motivator for them to leave.[106] Crime against the farming community has continued to be a major problem.[107]
It is estimated that 500,000 women are raped in South Africa every year[108] with the average woman more likely to be raped than complete secondary school.[109] A 2009 survey found one in four South African men admitted to raping someone[110] and another survey found one in three women out of 4000 surveyed women said they had been raped in the past year.[111] Rapes are also perpetrated by children (some as young as ten).[112] Child and baby rape incidences are some of the highest in the world, largely as a result of the virgin cleansing myth, and a number of high-profile cases (sometimes as young as eight months[112]) have outraged the nation.[113]
Foreign relations
Main article: Foreign relations of South Africa




Leaders of the BRICS nations at the G-20 summit in Hangzhou, 2016


As the Union of South Africa, the country was a founding member of the United Nations. The then Prime Minister Jan Smuts wrote the preamble to the United Nations Charter.[114][115] South Africa is one of the founding members of the African Union (AU), and has the second largest economy of all the members. It is also a founding member of the AU's New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD).
South Africa has played a key role as a mediator in African conflicts over the last decade, such as in Burundi, the Democratic Republic of Congo, the Comoros, and Zimbabwe. After apartheid ended, South Africa was readmitted to the Commonwealth of Nations. The country is a member of the Group of 77 and chaired the organisation in 2006. South Africa is also a member of the Southern African Development Community, South Atlantic Peace and Cooperation Zone, Southern African Customs Union, Antarctic Treaty System, World Trade Organization, International Monetary Fund, G20, G8+5, and the Port Management Association of Eastern and Southern Africa.
South African President Jacob Zuma and Chinese President Hu Jintao upgraded bilateral ties between the two countries on 24 August 2010, when they signed the Beijing Agreement, which elevated South Africa's earlier "strategic partnership" with China to the higher level of "comprehensive strategic partnership" in both economic and political affairs, including the strengthening of exchanges between their respective ruling parties and legislatures.[116][117] In April 2011, South Africa formally joined the Brazil-Russia-India-China (BRICS) grouping of countries, identified by President Zuma as the country's largest trading partners, and also the largest trading partners with Africa as a whole. Zuma asserted that BRICS member countries would also work with each other through the UN, the Group of Twenty (G20) and the India, Brazil South Africa (IBSA) forum.[118]
Military
Main article: South African National Defence Force




SANDF soldiers


The South African National Defence Force (SANDF) was created in 1994,[119][120] as an all volunteer force composed of the former South African Defence Force, the forces of the African nationalist groups (Umkhonto we Sizwe and Azanian People's Liberation Army), and the former Bantustan defence forces.[119] The SANDF is subdivided into four branches, the South African Army, the South African Air Force, the South African Navy, and the South African Military Health Service.[121] In recent years, the SANDF has become a major peacekeeping force in Africa,[122] and has been involved in operations in Lesotho, the Democratic Republic of the Congo,[122] and Burundi,[122] amongst others. It has also served in multi-national UN peacekeeping forces such as the United Nations Force Intervention Brigade for example.
South Africa is the only African country to have successfully developed nuclear weapons. It became the first country (followed by Ukraine) with nuclear capability to voluntarily renounce and dismantle its programme and in the process signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 1991.[123] South Africa undertook a nuclear weapons programme in the 1970s[123] According to former state president FW de Klerk, the decision to build a "nuclear deterrent" was taken "as early as 1974 against a backdrop of a Soviet expansionist threat."[124] South Africa is alleged to have conducted a nuclear test over the Atlantic in 1979,[125] although this is officially denied. Former president FW de Klerk maintained that South Africa had "never conducted a clandestine nuclear test."[124] Six nuclear devices were completed between 1980 and 1990, but all were dismantled before South Africa signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 1991.[124]
Administrative divisions
Main article: Provinces of South Africa




Provinces of South Africa


Each of the nine provinces is governed by a unicameral legislature, which is elected every five years by party-list proportional representation. The legislature elects a Premier as head of government, and the Premier appoints an Executive Council as a provincial cabinet. The powers of provincial governments are limited to topics listed in the Constitution; these topics include such fields as health, education, public housing and transport.
The provinces are in turn divided into 52 districts: 8 metropolitan and 44 district municipalities. The district municipalities are further subdivided into 226 local municipalities. The metropolitan municipalities, which govern the largest urban agglomerations, perform the functions of both district and local municipalities.


Province
Provincial capital
Largest city
Area (km2)[126]
Population (2013)[4]


Eastern Cape
Bhisho
Port Elizabeth
168,966
6,620,100


Free State
Bloemfontein
Bloemfontein
129,825
2,753,200


Gauteng
Johannesburg
Johannesburg
18,178
12,728,400


KwaZulu-Natal
Pietermaritzburg
Durban
94,361
10,456,900


Limpopo
Polokwane
Polokwane
125,754
5,518,000


Mpumalanga
Nelspruit
Mbombela
76,495
4,128,000


North West
Mahikeng
Rustenburg
104,882
3,597,600


Northern Cape
Kimberley
Kimberley
372,889
1,162,900


Western Cape
Cape Town
Cape Town
129,462
6,016,900


Economy




Annual per capita personal income by ethnic group in South Africa relative to white levels


Main article: Economy of South Africa




The JSE is the largest stock exchange on the African continent.


South Africa has a mixed economy, the second-largest in Africa after Nigeria. It also has a relatively high GDP per capita compared to other countries in Sub-Saharan Africa ($11,750 at PPP as of 2012). Despite this, South Africa is still burdened by a relatively high rate of poverty and unemployment, and is also ranked in the Top 10 countries in the world for income inequality,[127][128][129] measured by the Gini coefficient.
Unlike most of the world's poor countries, South Africa does not have a thriving informal economy. Only 15% of South African jobs are in the informal sector, compared with around half in Brazil and India and nearly three-quarters in Indonesia. The OECD attributes this difference to South Africa's widespread welfare system.[130] World Bank research shows that South Africa has one of the widest gaps between per capita GNP versus its Human Development Index ranking, with only Botswana showing a larger gap.[131]
After 1994, government policy brought down inflation, stabilised public finances, and some foreign capital was attracted, however growth was still subpar.[132] From 2004 onwards, economic growth picked up significantly; both employment and capital formation increased.[132] During the presidency of Jacob Zuma, the government has begun to increase the role of state-owned enterprises. Some of the biggest state-owned companies are Eskom, the electric power monopoly, South African Airways (SAA), and Transnet, the railway and ports monopoly. Some of these state-owned companies have not been profitable, such as SAA, which has required bailouts totaling R30,000,000,000 ($2,300,000,000) over twenty years.[133]
South Africa is a popular tourist destination, and a substantial amount of revenue comes from tourism.[134] Illegal immigrants are involved in informal trading.[135] Many emigrants to South Africa continue to live in poor conditions, and the immigration policy has become increasingly restrictive since 1994.[136]
Principal international trading partners of South Africa—outside Africa—include: Germany, the United States, China, Japan, the United Kingdom and Spain.[137]
The South African agricultural industry contributes around 10% of formal employment, relatively low compared to other parts of Africa, as well as providing work for casual labourers and contributing around 2.6% of GDP for the nation.[138] Due to the aridity of the land, only 13.5% of the land can be used for crop production, and only 3% is considered high potential land.[139]
In August 2013, South Africa was ranked as the top African Country of the Future by FDi magazine based on the country's economic potential, labour environment, cost-effectiveness, infrastructure, business friendliness, and Foreign direct investment Strategy.[140]
The FSI ranks South Africa as the 36th safest tax haven in the world, ahead of the Philippines but behind the Bahamas.
Labour market




Workers packing pears for export in the Ceres valley


During 1995–2003, the number of formal jobs decreased and informal jobs increased; overall unemployment worsened.[60]
The government's Black Economic Empowerment policies have drawn criticism from Neva Makgetla, lead economist for research and information at the Development Bank of Southern Africa, for focusing "almost exclusively on promoting individual ownership by black people (which) does little to address broader economic disparities, though the rich may become more diverse."[141] Official affirmative action policies have seen a rise in black economic wealth and an emerging black middle-class.[142] Other problems include state ownership and interference, which impose high barriers to entry in many areas.[143] Restrictive labour regulations have contributed to the unemployment malaise.[60]
Along with many other African countries, South Africa has been experiencing a "brain drain" within the past twenty years. This is believed to be potentially damaging for the regional economy,[144][not in citation given][clarification needed] and is almost certainly detrimental for the well-being of those reliant on the healthcare infrastructure.[145] The skills drain in South Africa tends to demonstrate racial contours given the skills distribution legacy of South Africa and has thus resulted in large white South African communities moving abroad.[146] However, the statistics which purport to show a brain drain are disputed and also do not account for repatriation and expiry of foreign work contracts. According to several surveys[147][148] there has been a reverse in brain drain following the global financial crisis of 2008-2009 and the expiry of foreign work contracts. In the first quarter of 2011, confidence levels for graduate professionals were recorded at a level of 84% in a PPS survey.[149]
Science and technology
Main article: Science and technology in South Africa




Mark Shuttleworth in space


Several important scientific and technological developments have originated in South Africa. The first human-to-human heart transplant was performed by cardiac surgeon Dr. Christiaan Barnard at Groote Schuur Hospital in December 1967, Max Theiler developed a vaccine against yellow fever, Allan McLeod Cormack pioneered x-ray computed tomography, and Aaron Klug developed crystallographic electron microscopy techniques. With the exception of that of Barnard, all of these advancements were recognised with Nobel Prizes. Sydney Brenner won most recently, in 2002, for his pioneering work in molecular biology.
Mark Shuttleworth founded an early Internet security company Thawte, that was subsequently bought out by world-leader VeriSign. Despite government efforts to encourage entrepreneurship in biotechnology, IT and other high technology fields, no other notable groundbreaking companies have been founded in South Africa. It is the expressed objective of the government to transition the economy to be more reliant on high technology, based on the realisation that South Africa cannot compete with Far Eastern economies in manufacturing, nor can the republic rely on its mineral wealth in perpetuity.
South Africa has cultivated a burgeoning astronomy community. It hosts the Southern African Large Telescope, the largest optical telescope in the Southern Hemisphere. South Africa is currently building the Karoo Array Telescope as a pathfinder for the €1,500,000,000 Square Kilometre Array project.[150] On 25 May 2012, it was announced that hosting of the Square Kilometer Array Telescope will be split over both the South African and the Australia/New Zealand sites.[151]
Water supply and sanitation
Main article: Water supply and sanitation in South Africa
After the end of Apartheid, South Africa's newly elected ANC government struggled with the-then growing service and backlogs with respect to access to Water supply and Sanitation developed. The government thus made a strong commitment to high service standards and to high levels of investment subsidies to achieve those standards. Since then, the country has made some progress with regard to improving access to water supply: It reached universal access to an improved water source in urban areas, and in rural areas the share of those with access increased from 66% to 79% from 1990 to 2010.[152]
South Africa also has a strong water industry with a track record in innovation. However, much less progress has been achieved on sanitation: Access increased only from 71% to 79% during the same period.[152] Significant problems remain concerning the financial sustainability of service providers, leading to a lack of attention to maintenance. The uncertainty about the government's ability to sustain funding levels in the sector is also a concern. Two distinctive features of the South African water sector are the policy of free basic water and the existence of water boards, which are bulk water supply agencies that operate pipelines and sell water from reservoirs to municipalities.
In May 2014, it was announced that Durban's Water and Sanitation Department won the Stockholm Industry Water Award "for its transformative and inclusive approach", calling it "one of the most progressive utilities in the world". The city has connected 1,300,000 additional people to piped water and provided 700,000 with access to toilets in fourteen years. It also was South Africa's first municipality to put free basic water for the poor into practice. Furthermore, it has promoted Rainwater harvesting and mini hydropower.[153]
Demographics
Main article: Demographics of South Africa




Migrations that formed the modern Rainbow Nation






Map of population density in South Africa




  <1 /km2
  1–3 /km2
  3–10 /km2
  10–30 /km2
  30–100 /km2



  100–300 /km2
  300–1000 /km2
  1000–3000 /km2
  >3000 /km2






South Africa is a nation of about 55,000,000 (2016 estimate) people of diverse origins, cultures, languages, and religions. The last census was held in 2011. South Africa is home to an estimated 5,000,000 illegal immigrants, including some 3,000,000 Zimbabweans.[154][155][156] A series of anti-immigrant riots occurred in South Africa beginning on 11 May 2008.[157][158]
Statistics South Africa asks people to describe themselves in the census in terms of five racial population groups.[159] The 2011 census figures for these groups were Black African at 79.2%, White at 8.9%, Coloured at 8.9%, Asian at 2.5%, and Other/Unspecified at 0.5%.[5]:21 The first census in South Africa in 1911 showed that whites made up 22% of the population; it declined to 16% in 1980.[160]
South Africa hosts a sizeable refugee and asylum seeker population. According to the World Refugee Survey 2008, published by the US Committee for Refugees and Immigrants, this population numbered approximately 144,700 people in 2007.[161] Groups of refugees and asylum seekers numbering over 10,000 included people from Zimbabwe (48,400), The Democratic Republic of the Congo (24,800), and Somalia (12,900).[161] These populations mainly lived in Johannesburg, Pretoria, Durban, Cape Town, and Port Elizabeth.[161] Many refugees have now also started to work and live in rural areas in provinces such as Mpumalanga, KwaZulu-Natal and the Eastern Cape.
Languages
Main article: Languages of South Africa




A map showing the dominant South African languages.



  Afrikaans
  English
  Ndebele
  Xhosa
  Zulu
  Northern Sotho



  Sotho
  Tswana
  Swazi
  Venda
  Tsonga
  None dominant






South Africa has eleven official languages:[162] Afrikaans, English, Ndebele, Northern Sotho, Sotho, Swazi, Tswana, Tsonga, Venda, Xhosa, and Zulu. In this regard it is third only to Bolivia and India in number. While all the languages are formally equal, some languages are spoken more than others. According to the 2011 census, the three most spoken first languages are Zulu (22.7%), Xhosa (16.0%), and Afrikaans (13.5%).[163] Despite the fact that English is recognised as the language of commerce and science, it ranked fourth, and was listed as the first language of only 9.6% of South Africans in 2011 but remains the de facto lingua franca of the nation.[163]
The country also recognises several unofficial languages, including Fanagalo, Khoe, Lobedu, Nama, Northern Ndebele, Phuthi, and South African Sign Language.[164] These unofficial languages may be used in certain official uses in limited areas where it has been determined that these languages are prevalent.
Many of the unofficial languages of the San and Khoikhoi people contain regional dialects stretching northwards into Namibia and Botswana, and elsewhere. These people, who are a physically distinct population from other Africans, have their own cultural identity based on their hunter-gatherer societies. They have been marginalised to a great extent, and the remainder of their languages are in danger of becoming extinct.
Many White South Africans also speak European languages, including Portuguese (also spoken by Black Angolans and Mozambicans), German, and Greek, while some Asians in South Africa speak Asian languages, such as Gujarati, Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, and Urdu. French is spoken in South Africa by immigrants from French-speaking parts of Africa.
Urban centres



 


v
t
e


Largest cities or towns in South Africa
2011 Census



Rank
Name
Province
Pop.


1
City of Johannesburg
Gauteng
4,434,827[165]


2
City of Cape Town
Western Cape
3,740,026[166]


3
EThekwini Metropolitan Municipality
KwaZulu-Natal
3,442,361[167]


4
Ekurhuleni
Gauteng
3,178,470[168]


5
City of Tshwane
Gauteng
2,921,488[169]


6
Nelson Mandela Bay
Eastern Cape
1,152,115[170]


7
Buffalo City Metropolitan Municipality
Eastern Cape
755,200[171]


8
Mangaung
Free State
747,431[172]


9
Emfuleni
Gauteng
721,663[173]


10
Polokwane Local Municipality
Limpopo
628,999 [174]


Religion
Main article: Religion in South Africa




Nederduits Gereformeerde Kerk in Wolmaransstad






Sangoma performing a traditional baptism in Alexandra, Johannesburg


According to the 2001 census, Christians accounted for 79.8% of the population, with a majority of them being members of various Protestant denominations (broadly defined to include syncretic African initiated churches) and a minority of Roman Catholics and other Christians. Christian category includes Zion Christian (11.1%), Pentecostal (Charismatic) (8.2%), Roman Catholic (7.1%), Methodist (6.8%), Dutch Reformed (Nederduits Gereformeerde Kerk; 6.7%), Anglican (3.8%). Members of remaining Christian churches accounted for another 36% of the population. Muslims accounted for 1.5% of the population, Hindus 1.2%, traditional African religion 0.3% and Judaism 0.2%. 15.1% had no religious affiliation, 0.6% were other and 1.4% were unspecified.[137][175][176]
African initiated churches formed the largest of the Christian groups. It was believed that many of the persons who claimed no affiliation with any organised religion adhered to traditional African religion. There are an estimated 200,000 indigenous traditional healers in South Africa, and up to 60% of South Africans consult these healers,[177] generally called sangomas or inyangas. These healers use a combination of ancestral spiritual beliefs and a belief in the spiritual and medicinal properties of local fauna and flora, commonly known as muti, to facilitate healing in clients. Many peoples have syncretic religious practices combining Christian and indigenous influences.[178]
South African Muslims comprise mainly those who are described as "Coloured" and those who are described as Indians. They have been joined by Black or White South African converts as well as others from other parts of Africa.[179] South African Muslims claim that their faith is the fastest-growing religion of conversion in the country, with the number of black Muslims growing sixfold, from 12,000 in 1991 to 74,700 in 2004.[179][180]
South Africa is also home to a substantial Jewish population, descended from European Jews who arrived as a minority among other European settlers. This population peaked in the 1970s at 120,000, though only around 67,000 remain today, the rest having emigrated. Even so, these numbers make the Jewish community in South Africa the twelfth largest in the world.[181]
Ethnic Indian Hindus form another significant portion of the population.[175]
Culture
Main article: Culture of South Africa




Decorated houses, Drakensberg


The South African black majority still has a substantial number of rural inhabitants who lead largely impoverished lives. It is among these people that cultural traditions survive most strongly; as Blacks have become increasingly urbanised and Westernised, aspects of traditional culture have declined. Members of the middle-class, who are predominantly White but whose ranks include growing numbers of Black, Coloured and Indian people,[182] have lifestyles similar in many respects to that of people found in Western Europe, North America and Australasia.
The South African Scout Association was one of the first youth organisations to open its doors to youth and adults of all races in South Africa. This happened on 2 July 1977 at a conference known as Quo Vadis.[183]
Arts




Eland, rock painting, Drakensberg


South African art includes the oldest art objects in the world, which were discovered in a South African cave, and dated from 75,000 years ago.[184] The scattered tribes of Khoisan peoples moving into South Africa from around 10,000 BC had their own fluent art styles seen today in a multitude of cave paintings. They were superseded by Bantu/Nguni peoples with their own vocabularies of art forms. New forms of art evolved in the mines and townships: a dynamic art using everything from plastic strips to bicycle spokes. The Dutch-influenced folk art of the Afrikaner Trekboers and the urban white artists earnestly following changing European traditions from the 1850s onwards also contributed to this eclectic mix, which continues to evolve today.




Olive Schreiner


South African literature emerged from a unique social and political history. One of the first well-known novels written by a Black author in an African language was Solomon Thekiso Plaatje's Mhudi, written in 1930. During the 1950s, Drum magazine became a hotbed of political satire, fiction, and essays, giving a voice to urban Black culture.
Notable White South African authors include Alan Paton, who published the acclaimed novel Cry, the Beloved Country in 1948. Nadine Gordimer became the first South African to be awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1991. Her most famous novel, July's People, was released in 1981. J.M. Coetzee won the Nobel Prize for Literature, in 2003. When awarding the prize, the Swedish Academy stated that Coetzee "in innumerable guises portrays the surprising involvement of the outsider".[185]
The plays of Athol Fugard have been regularly premiered in fringe theatres in South Africa, London (The Royal Court Theatre) and New York. Olive Schreiner's The Story of an African Farm (1883) was a revelation in Victorian literature: it is heralded by many as introducing feminism into the novel form.
Breyten Breytenbach was jailed for his involvement with the guerrilla movement against apartheid. Andre Brink was the first Afrikaner writer to be banned by the government after he released the novel A Dry White Season.
Popular culture
The South African media sector is large, and South Africa is one of Africa's major media centres. While South Africa's many broadcasters and publications reflect the diversity of the population as a whole, the most commonly used language is English. However, all ten other official languages are represented to some extent or another.
There is great diversity in South African music. Black musicians have developed a unique style called Kwaito. Kwaito is said to have taken over radio, television, and magazines.[186] Of note is Brenda Fassie, who launched to fame with her song "Weekend Special", which was sung in English. More famous traditional musicians include Ladysmith Black Mambazo, while the Soweto String Quartet performs classic music with an African flavour. South Africa has produced world-famous jazz musicians, notably Hugh Masekela, Jonas Gwangwa, Abdullah Ibrahim, Miriam Makeba, Jonathan Butler, Chris McGregor, and Sathima Bea Benjamin. Afrikaans music covers multiple genres, such as the contemporary Steve Hofmeyr, the punk rock band Fokofpolisiekar and the singer-songwriter Jeremy Loops.
Although few South African film productions are known outside South Africa itself, many foreign films have been produced about South Africa. Arguably, the most high-profile film portraying South Africa in recent years was District 9. Other notable exceptions are the film Tsotsi, which won the Academy Award for Foreign Language Film at the 78th Academy Awards in 2006 as well as U-Carmen e-Khayelitsha, which won the Golden Bear at the 2005 Berlin International Film Festival. In 2015, Oliver Hermanus' film, The Endless River, became the first South African film selected for the Venice Film Festival.
Cuisine
Main article: South African cuisine




Meat on a traditional South African braai


South African culture is diverse; foods from many cultures are enjoyed by all and especially marketed to tourists who wish to sample the large variety of South African cuisine. In addition to food, music and dance feature prominently.[citation needed]
South African cuisine is heavily meat-based and has spawned the distinctively South African social gathering known as a braai, or barbecue. South Africa has also developed into a major wine producer, with some of the best vineyards lying in valleys around Stellenbosch, Franschhoek, Paarl and Barrydale.[187]
Sports
Main article: Sport in South Africa
South Africa's most popular sports are soccer, rugby and cricket.[188] Other sports with significant support are swimming, athletics, golf, boxing, tennis, ringball, and netball. Although soccer commands the greatest following among the youth, other sports like basketball, surfing and skateboarding are increasingly popular.
Soccer players who have played for major foreign clubs include Steven Pienaar, Lucas Radebe and Philemon Masinga, Benni McCarthy, Aaron Mokoena, and Delron Buckley. South Africa, hosted the 2010 FIFA World Cup, and FIFA president Sepp Blatter awarded South Africa a grade 9 out of 10 for successfully hosting the event. The 2010 FIFA World Cup also marked the first time the competition had been hosted on the African continent.[189]




The Springboks in a bus parade after winning the 2007 Rugby World Cup


Famous boxing personalities include Baby Jake Jacob Matlala, Vuyani Bungu, Welcome Ncita, Dingaan Thobela, Gerrie Coetzee and Brian Mitchell. Durban Surfer Jordy Smith won the 2010 Billabong J-Bay competition making him the #1 ranked surfer in the world. South Africa produced Formula One motor racing's 1979 world champion Jody Scheckter. Famous current cricket players include AB de Villiers, Hashim Amla, Dale Steyn, Vernon Philander, Faf du Plessis etc. Most of them also participate in the Indian Premier League.
South Africa has also produced numerous world class rugby players, including Francois Pienaar, Joost van der Westhuizen, Danie Craven, Frik du Preez, Naas Botha and Bryan Habana. South Africa hosted and won the 1995 Rugby World Cup and won the 2007 Rugby World Cup in France. It followed the 1995 Rugby World Cup by hosting the 1996 African Cup of Nations, with the national team going on to win the tournament. It also hosted the 2003 Cricket World Cup, the 2007 World Twenty20 Championship. South Africa has also won the inaugural edition of the 1998 ICC KnockOut Trophy by defeating West Indies in the final.South Africa team also went onto win the inaugural edition of the Blind Cricket World Cup in 1998.
In 2004, the swimming team of Roland Schoeman, Lyndon Ferns, Darian Townsend and Ryk Neethling won the gold medal at the Olympic Games in Athens, simultaneously breaking the world record in the 4x100 freestyle relay. Penny Heyns won Olympic Gold in the 1996 Atlanta Olympic Games. In 2012, Oscar Pistorius became the first double amputee sprinter to compete at the Olympic Games in London. In golf, Gary Player is generally regarded as one of the greatest golfers of all time, having won the Career Grand Slam, one of five golfers to have done so. Other South African golfers to have won major tournaments include Bobby Locke, Ernie Els, Retief Goosen, Tim Clark, Trevor Immelman, Louis Oosthuizen and Charl Schwartzel.
Education
Main article: Education in South Africa




Schoolchildren in Mitchell's Plain


The adult literacy rate in 2007 was 88.7%.[190] South Africa has a 3-tier system of education starting with primary school, followed by high school and tertiary education in the form of (academic) universities and universities of technology. Learners have twelve years of formal schooling, from Grades 1-12. Grade R is a pre-primary foundation year. [191] Primary schools span the first seven years of schooling.[192] High School education spans a further five years. The Senior Certificate examination takes place at the end of Grade 12 and is necessary for tertiary studies at a South African university.[191]
Public universities in South Africa are divided into three types: traditional universities, which offer theoretically-oriented university degrees; universities of technology ("Technikons"), which offer vocational oriented diplomas and degrees; and comprehensive universities, which offer both types of qualifications. There are 23 public universities in South Africa: 11 traditional universities, 6 universities of technology and 6 comprehensive universities.
Under apartheid, schools for Blacks were subject to discrimination through inadequate funding and a separate syllabus called Bantu Education which was only designed to give them sufficient skills to work as labourers.[193] In 2004, South Africa started reforming its higher education system, merging and incorporating smaller universities into larger institutions, and renaming all higher education institutions "university" to redress these imbalances. By 2015, 1,400,000 students in higher education have benefited from a financial aid scheme which was promulgated in 1999.[194]
Public expenditure on education was at 5.4% of the 2002–05 GDP.[195]
Health
Main article: Health in South Africa




AIDS has caused a fall in life expectancy.


According to the South African Institute of Race Relations, the life expectancy in 2009 was 71 years for a White South African and 48 years for a Black South African.[196] The healthcare spending in the country is about 9% of GDP.[197]
Only 16% of the population is covered by medical schemes.[198] About 20% use private healthcare.[199] The rest pay "out of pocket" or through hospital cash plans.[199] The three dominant hospital groups, Mediclinic, Life Healthcare and Netcare, together control 75% of the market.[199] About 84% of the population depend on the public healthcare system,[197] which is beset with chronic human resource shortages and limited resources.[200]
South Africa is home to the third-largest hospital in the world, the Chris Hani Baragwanath Hospital.[201]
HIV/AIDS
Main article: HIV/AIDS in South Africa
According to the 2015 UNAIDS Report, South Africa has an estimated 7,000,000 people living with HIV– more than any other country in the world.[202] A 2008 study revealed that HIV/AIDS infection in South Africa is distinctly divided along racial lines: 13.6% of Blacks are HIV-positive, whereas only 0.3% of Whites have the disease.[203] Most deaths are experienced by economically active individuals, resulting in many AIDS orphans who in many cases depend on the state for care and financial support.[204] It is estimated that there are 1,200,000 orphaned children in South Africa.[204]
The link between HIV, a virus spread primarily by sexual contact, and AIDS was long denied by prior president Thabo Mbeki and then health minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang, who insisted that the many deaths in the country are due to malnutrition, and hence poverty, and not HIV.[205] In 2007, in response to international pressure, the government made efforts to fight AIDS.[206] After the 2009 general election, President Jacob Zuma appointed Dr Aaron Motsoaledi as the new minister and committed his government to increasing funding for and widening the scope of AIDS treatment.[207]
See also


South Africa portal







Book: South Africa





Index of South Africa-related articles
Outline of South Africa


Notes



^ The Khoi, Nama and San languages, South African Sign Language, German, Greek, Gujarati, Hindi, Portuguese, Telugu, Tamil, Urdu, Arabic, Hebrew, Sanskrit and "other languages used for religious purposes in South Africa" have a special status (Chapter 1, Article 6 of the South African Constitution).



References


^ "The Constitution". Constitutional Court of South Africa. Retrieved 3 September 2009. 
^ "Principal Agglomerations of the World". Citypopulation.de. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ Mid-year population estimates 2014. Statistics South Africa
^ a b "Mid-year population estimates 2015" (PDF). Statistics South Africa. Retrieved 11 August 2015. 
^ a b c Census 2011: Census in brief (PDF). Pretoria: Statistics South Africa. 2012. ISBN 9780621413885. Retrieved 12 January 2013. [permanent dead link]
^ a b c d e "South Africa". International Monetary Fund. Retrieved 26 April 2015. 
^ "Gini Index". World Bank. Retrieved 2 March 2011. 
^ "2015 Human Development Report" (PDF). United Nations Development Programme. 2015. Retrieved 15 December 2015. 
^ "South African Maritime Safety Authority". South African Maritime Safety Authority. Retrieved 16 June 2008. 
^ "Coastline". The World Factbook. CIA. Retrieved 16 June 2008. 
^ a b c d "South Africa Fast Facts". SouthAfrica.info. April 2007. Retrieved 14 June 2008. 
^ Guy Arnold. "Lesotho: Year In Review 1996 – Britannica Online Encyclopedia". Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Rainbow Nation – dream or reality?". BBC News. 18 July 2008. Retrieved 10 August 2013. 
^ "South Africa". World Bank. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ David Waugh (2000). "Manufacturing industries (chapter 19), World development (chapter 22)". Geography: An Integrated Approach. Nelson Thornes. pp. 563, 576–579, 633, 640. ISBN 978-0-17-444706-1. Retrieved 24 August 2013. 
^ "South Africa's Unemployment Rate Increases to 23.5%". Bloomberg. 5 May 2009. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ "HDI" (PDF). UNDP. Archived from the original (PDF) on 19 December 2008. 
^ Cooper, Andrew F; Antkiewicz, Agata; Shaw, Timothy M (10 December 2007). "Lessons from/for BRICSAM about South-North Relations at the Start of the 21st Century: Economic Size Trumps All Else?". International Studies Review. 9 (4): 675, 687. doi:10.1111/j.1468-2486.2007.00730.x. 
^ David A. Lynch (2010). Trade and Globalization: An Introduction to Regional Trade Agreements. Rowman & Littlefield. p. 51. ISBN 978-0-7425-6689-7. Retrieved 25 August 2013. Southern Africa is home to the other of sub-Saharan Africa's regional powers: South Africa. South Africa is more than just a regional power; it is currently the most developed and economically powerful country in Africa, and now it is able to use that influence in Africa more than during the days of apartheid, when it was ostracised. 
^ Livermon, Xavier (2008). "Sounds in the City". In Nuttall, Sarah; Mbembé, Achille. Johannesburg: The Elusive Metropolis. Durham: Duke University Press. p. 283. ISBN 9780822381211. Mzansi is another black urban vernacular term popular with the youth and standing for South Africa. 
^ "Mzansi DiToloki". Deaf Federation of South Africa. Archived from the original on 16 January 2014. Retrieved 15 January 2014. uMzantsi in Xhosa means 'south', Mzansi means this country, South Africa 
^ Taylor, Darren. "South African Party Says Call Their Country ‘Azania’". VOA. Retrieved 18 February 2017. 
^ Wymer, John; Singer, R (1982). The Middle Stone Age at Klasies River Mouth in South Africa. Chicago: University of Chicago Press. ISBN 0-226-76103-7. 
^ Deacon, HJ (2001). "Guide to Klasies River" (PDF). Stellenbosch University. p. 11. Retrieved 5 September 2009. 
^ "Fossil Hominid Sites of Sterkfontein, Swartkrans, Kromdraai, and Environs". 
^ Stephen P. Broker. "Hominid Evolution". Yale-New Haven Teachers Institute. Retrieved 19 June 2008. 
^ Langer, William L., ed. (1972). An Encyclopedia of World History (5th ed.). Boston, MA: Houghton Mifflin Company. p. 9. ISBN 0-395-13592-3. 
^ Domville-Fife, C.W. (1900). The encyclopedia of the British Empire the first encyclopedic record of the greatest empire in the history of the world ed. London: Rankin. p. 25. 
^ Mackenzie, W. Douglas; Stead, Alfred (1899). South Africa: Its History, Heroes, and Wars. Chicago: The Co-Operative Publishing Company. 
^ Pakeman, SA. Nations of the Modern World: Ceylon (1964 ed.). Frederick A Praeger, Publishers. pp. 18–19. ASIN B0000CM2VW. 
^ a b c Alexander Wilmot & John Centlivres Chase. History of the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope: From Its Discovery to the Year 1819 (2010 ed.). Claremont: David Philip (Pty) Ltd. pp. 1–548. ISBN 978-1144830159. 
^ Kaplan, Irving. Area Handbook for the Republic of South Africa (PDF). pp. 46–771. 
^ "African History Timeline". West Chester University of Pennsylvania. 
^ a b Hunt, John (2005). Campbell, Heather-Ann, ed. Dutch South Africa: Early Settlers at the Cape, 1652-1708. Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press. pp. 13–35. ISBN 978-1904744955. 
^ Worden, Nigel. Slavery in Dutch South Africa (2010 ed.). Cambridge University Press. pp. 40–43. ISBN 978-0521152662. 
^ a b Nelson, Harold. Zimbabwe: A Country Study. pp. 237–317. 
^ a b c d e Stapleton, Timothy (2010). A Military History of South Africa: From the Dutch-Khoi Wars to the End of Apartheid. Santa Barbara: Praeger Security International. pp. 4–6. ISBN 978-0313365898. 
^ Keegan, Timothy. Colonial South Africa and the Origins of the Racial Order (1996 ed.). David Philip Publishers (Pty) Ltd. pp. 85–86. ISBN 978-0813917351. 
^ a b c Lloyd, Trevor Owen (1997). The British Empire, 1558-1995. Oxford: Oxford University Press. pp. 201–203. ISBN 978-0198731337. 
^ "Shaka: Zulu Chieftain". Historynet.com. Archived from the original on 9 February 2008. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Shaka (Zulu chief)". Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ W. D. Rubinstein (2004). Genocide: A History. Pearson Longman. p. 22. ISBN 978-0-582-50601-5. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Williams, Garner F (1905). The Diamond Mines of South Africa, Vol II. New York: B. F Buck & Co. pp. Chapter XX. 
^ Bond, Patrick (1999). Cities of gold, townships of coal: essays on South Africa's new urban crisis. Africa World Press. p. 140. ISBN 978-0-86543-611-4. 
^ Cape of Good Hope (South Africa). Parliament House. (1906). "Report of the Select Committee on Location Act". Cape Times Limited. Retrieved 30 July 2009. 
^ Godley, Godfrey Archibald, Welsh, William Thomson, Hemsworth, H. D (1920). "Report of the Inter-departmental committee on the native pass laws". Cape Times Limited, government printers: 2. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Great Britain Colonial Office; Transvaal (Colony). Governor (1901–1905: Milner) (January 1902). "Papers relating to legislation affecting natives in the Transvaal". His Majesty's Stationery Office. 
^ De Villiers, John Abraham Jacob (1896). The Transvaal. London: Chatto & Windus. pp. 30 (n46). Retrieved 30 July 2009. 
^  Cana, Frank Richardson (1911). "South Africa". In Chisholm, Hugh. Encyclopædia Britannica. 25 (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press. p. 467. 
^ "Native Land Act". South African Institute of Race Relations. 19 June 1913. Archived from the original on 14 October 2010. 
^ Beinart, William (2001). Twentieth-century South Africa. Oxford University Press. p. 202. ISBN 978-0-19-289318-5.
^ "Hendrik Frensch Verwoerd". South African History Online. Retrieved 9 March 2013. On 5 October 1960 a referendum was held in which White voters were asked "Do you support a republic for the Union?" — 52 percent voted 'Yes'. 
^ Gibson, Nigel; Alexander, Amanda; Mngxitama, Andile (2008). Biko Lives! Contesting the Legacies of Steve Biko. Hampshire: Palgrave Macmillan. p. 138. ISBN 978-0230606494. 
^ Switzer, Les (2000). South Africa's Resistance Press: Alternative Voices in the Last Generation Under Apartheid. Issue 74 of Research in international studies: Africa series. Ohio University Press. p. 2. ISBN 9780896802131. 
^ Mitchell, Thomas (2008). Native vs Settler: Ethnic Conflict in Israel/Palestine, Northern Ireland and South Africa. Westport: Greenwood Publishing Group. pp. 194–196. ISBN 978-0313313578. 
^ Bridgland, Fred (1990). The War for Africa: Twelve months that transformed a continent. Gibraltar: Ashanti Publishing. p. 32. ISBN 978-1-874800-12-5. 
^ Landgren, Signe. Embargo Disimplemented: South Africa's Military Industry (1989 ed.). Oxford University Press. pp. 6–10. ISBN 978-0-19-829127-5. 
^ "South Africa Profile". Nti.org. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ John Pike. "Nuclear Weapons Program (South Africa)". Globalsecurity.org. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ a b c "Post-Apartheid South Africa: the First Ten Years – Unemployment and the Labor Market" (PDF). IMF. 
^ "Zuma surprised at level of white poverty — Mail & Guardian Online: The smart news source". Mail & Guardian. 18 April 2008. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ "South Africa". Human Development Report. United Nations Development Programme. 2006. Archived from the original on 29 November 2007. Retrieved 28 November 2007. 
^ "Ridicule succeeds where leadership failed on AIDS". South African Institute of Race Relations. 10 November 2006. Archived from the original on 24 May 2016. 
^ a b "Broke-on-Broke Violence". Retrieved 6 July 2011. 
^ "COHRE statement on Xenophobic Attacks". Retrieved 6 July 2011. 
^ Southern African Migration Project; Institute for Democracy in South Africa; Queen's University (2008). Jonathan Crush, ed. The perfect storm: the realities of xenophobia in contemporary South Africa (PDF). Idasa. p. 1. ISBN 978-1-920118-71-6. Archived from the original (PDF) on 30 July 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ a b c d United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. "UNHCR Global Appeal 2011 – South Africa". UNHCR. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Country Comparison". World Factbook. CIA. 
^ McCarthy, T. & Rubidge, B. (2005). The story of earth and life. p. 263, 267-268. Struik Publishers, Cape Town.
^ a b c d Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 13. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ Encyclopædia Britannica (1975); Micropaedia Vol. III, p. 655. Helen Hemingway Benton Publishers, Chicago.
^ Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 186. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ "Kruger National Park". Africa.com. Archived from the original on 18 December 2014. Retrieved 16 December 2014. 
^ Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 151. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ McCarthy, T. & Rubidge, B. (2005). The story of earth and life. p. 194. Struik Publishers, Cape Town.
^ a b Geological map of South Africa, Lesotho and Swaziland (1970). Council for Geoscience, Geological Survey of South Africa.
^ Encyclopædia Britannica (1975); Micropaedia Vol. VI, p. 750. Helen Hemingway Benton Publishers, Chicago.
^ a b Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 19. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 113. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ "South Africa's geography — SouthAfrica.info". Safrica.info. Archived from the original on 8 June 2010. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ South Africa yearbook. South African Communication Service. 1997. p. 3. 
^ "List of Parties". Retrieved 8 December 2012. 
^ a b "South Africa's National Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plan" (PDF). Retrieved 10 December 2012. 
^ "Biodiversity of the world by countries". Institutoaqualung.com.br. Archived from the original on 1 November 2010. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ Rong, I. H.; Baxter, A. P. (2006). "The South African National Collection of Fungi: Celebrating a centenary 1905-2005". Studies in Mycology. 55: 1–12. PMC 2104721 . PMID 18490968. doi:10.3114/sim.55.1.1. 
^ Crous, P. W.; Rong, I. H.; Wood, A.; Lee, S.; Glen, H.; Botha, W. l; Slippers, B.; De Beer, W. Z.; Wingfield, M. J.; Hawksworth, D. L. (2006). "How many species of fungi are there at the tip of Africa?". Studies in Mycology. 55: 13–33. PMC 2104731 . PMID 18490969. doi:10.3114/sim.55.1.13. 
^ Marincowitz, S.; Crous, P.W.; Groenewald J.Z. & Wingfield, M.J. (2008). "Microfungi occurring on Proteaceae in the fynbos. CBS Biodiversity Series 7." (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 29 July 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Marco Lambertini. "The Flora / The Richest Botany in the World". A Anturalist's Guide to the Tropics (Revised edition (May 15, 2000) ed.). University Of Chicago Press. p. 46. ISBN 978-0226468280.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Plants and Vegetation in South Africa". Southafrica-travel.net. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ Environmental Affairs (22 January 2015). "Progress in the war against poaching". Environmental Affairs. South Africa. Retrieved 22 January 2015. 
^ "South African National Biodiversity Institute". Sanbi.org. 30 September 2011. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Term Limits in Africa". The Economist. 6 April 2006. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Chapter 4 – Parliament". 19 August 2009. Archived from the original on 30 May 2013. Retrieved 3 August 2013. 
^ Abahlali baseMjondolo. "Mercury: Rethinking the crisis of local democracy". Abahlali.org. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ J. Duncan (31 May 2010). "The Return of State Repression". South African Civil Society Information Services. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Increasing police repression highlighted by recent case". Freedom of Expression Institute. 2006. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Imraan Buccus (2011). "Political tolerance on the wane in South Africa". SA Reconciliation Barometer. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "South Africa's recent performance in the Ibrahim Index of African Governance". Mo Ibrahim Foundation. Archived from the original on 18 February 2013. Retrieved 16 February 2013. 
^ "SA marriage law signed". BBC News. 30 November 2006. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Pamela Snyman & Amanda Barratt (2 October 2002). "Researching South African Law". w/ Library Resource Xchange. Archived from the original on 17 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ "How dangerous is South Africa?". BBC News. 17 May 2010. 
^ http://mg.co.za/article/2014-09-22-factsheet-south-africas-official-crime-stats-unpacked/
^ K Landman. "Gated communities in South Africa: Comparison of four case studies in Gauteng" (PDF). Wits University. Retrieved 5 March 2013. [permanent dead link]
^ "South Africa has world's largest private security industry; needs regulation – Mthethwa". DefenceWeb. Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ "Bigger than the army: South Africa's private security forces". CNN. 8 February 2013. Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ "Afrikaner Farmers Migrating to Georgia". VOA. 14 September 2011. Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ Adriana Stuijt (17 February 2009). "Two more S. African farmers killed: death toll now at 3,037". Digital Journal. Archived from the original on 20 May 2011. Retrieved 24 May 2011. 
^ "SOUTH AFRICA: One in four men rape". IRIN. 18 June 2009. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "South Africa's corrective rape". Time. 8 March 2011. Retrieved 12 July 2011. 
^ "South African rape survey shock". BBC News. 18 June 2009. Retrieved 23 May 2010. 
^ "South Africa's rape shock". BBC News. 19 January 1999. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ a b "Child rape in South Africa". Medscape. Retrieved 31 December 2010. 
^ Perry, Alex (5 November 2007). "Oprah scandal rocks South Africa". Time. Retrieved 15 May 2011. 
^ Rosalind Rosenberg (Summer 2001). "Virginia Gildersleeve: Opening the Gates (Living Legacies)". Columbia Magazine. 
^ Schlesinger, Stephen E. (2004). Act of Creation: The Founding of the United Nations: A Story of Superpowers, Secret Agents, Wartime Allies and Enemies, and Their Quest for a Peaceful World. Cambridge, Massachusetts: Westview, Perseus Books Group. pp. 236–7. ISBN 0-8133-3275-3. 
^ "China, South Africa upgrade relations to "comprehensive strategic partnership"". Capetown.china-consulate.org. 25 August 2010. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "New era as South Africa joins BRICS". Southafrica.info. 11 April 2011. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "SA brings 'unique attributes' to BRICS". Southafrica.info. 14 April 2011. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ a b "Constitution of the Republic of South Africa Act 200 of 1993 (Section 224)". South African Government. 1993. Archived from the original on 12 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ Col L B van Stade, Senior Staff Officer Rationalisation, SANDF (1997). "Rationalisation in the SANDF: The Next Challenge". Institute for Security Studies. Archived from the original on 16 March 2016. Retrieved 23 June 2008. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "Defence Act 42 of 2002" (PDF). South African Government. 12 February 2003. p. 18. Archived from the original (PDF) on 24 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ a b c Mosiuoa Lekota (5 September 2005). "Address by the Minister of Defence at a media breakfast at Defence Headquarters, Pretoria". Department of Defence. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ a b Lieutenant Colonel Roy E. Horton III (BS, Electrical Engineering; MS, Strategic Intelligence) (October 1999). "Out of (South) Africa: Pretoria's Nuclear Weapons Experience". USAF Institute for National Security Studies. Retrieved 23 June 2008. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ a b c Educational Foundation for Nuclear Science, Inc. (May 1993). "South Africa comes clean". Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists. Educational Foundation for Nuclear Science, Inc. pp. 3–4. ISSN 0096-3402. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Christine Dodson (22 October 1979). "South Atlantic Nuclear Event (National Security Council, Memorandum)" (PDF). George Washington University under Freedom of Information Act Request. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ Stats in Brief, 2010 (PDF). Pretoria: Statistics South Africa. 2010. p. 3. ISBN 978-0-621-39563-1. 
^ "Inequality in income or expenditure / Gini index, Human Development Report 2007/08". Hdrstats.undp.org. 4 November 2010. Archived from the original on 16 January 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Distribution of family income – Gini index". Cia.gov. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "South Africa has highest gap between rich and poor". Business Report. 28 September 2009. Archived from the original on 23 October 2011. Retrieved 7 November 2010. 
^ "South Africa's economy: How it could do even better.". The Economist. 22 July 2010. Retrieved 17 October 2011. 
^ "DEPWeb: Beyond Economic Growth". The World Bank Group. Retrieved 17 October 2011. 
^ a b "Economic Assessment of South Africa 2008: Achieving Accelerated and Shared Growth for South Africa". OECD. Archived from the original on 9 August 2009. 
^ "Commanding Plights." The Economist 29 August 2015: 37-38. Print.
^ "SA Economic Research – Tourism Update" (PDF). m/ Investec. October 2005. Archived from the original (PDF) on 24 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ Solomon, Hussein (1996). "Strategic Perspectives on Illegal Immigration into South Africa". African Security Review. 5 (4): 3. doi:10.1080/10246029.1996.9627681. Archived from the original on 19 October 2005. 
^ Mattes, Robert; Crush, Jonathan & Richmond, Wayne. "The Brain Gain: Skilled Migrants and Immigration Policy in Post-Apartheid South Africa". Southern African Migration Project, Queens College, Canada. Archived from the original on 25 November 2005. 
^ a b "South Africa". The World Factbook. CIA. 
^ Unequal protection the state response to violent crime on South African farms. Human Rights Watch. 2001. ISBN 1-56432-263-7. 
^ Mohamed, Najma (2000). "Greening Land and Agrarian Reform: A Case for Sustainable Agriculture". In Ben Cousins. At the Crossroads: Land and Agrarian Reform in South Africa Into the 21st Century. Programme for Land and Agrarian Studies (PLAAS). ISBN 978-1-86808-467-8. 
^ "African Countries of the Future 2013/14". fDiIntelligence.com. Retrieved 4 December 2013. 
^ Neva Makgetla (31 March 2010). "Inequality on scale found in SA bites like acid". Business Day. South Africa. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Black middle class boosts car sales in South Africa – Business – Mail & Guardian Online". Mail & Guardian. 15 January 2006. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Economic Assessment of South Africa 2008". OECD. Archived from the original on 23 April 2009. 
^ Collier, P. (3 December 2004). "World Bank, IMF study 2004". Journal of African Economies. Jae.oxfordjournals.org. 13: ii15. doi:10.1093/jae/ejh042. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ "Health Personnel in Southern Africa: Confronting maldistribution and brain drain" (PDF). Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ Haroon Bhorat; et al. (2002). "Skilled Labour Migration from Developing Countries: Study on South and Southern Africa" (PDF). International Labour Office. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "South Africa's brain-drain generation returning home". CNN World. 22 April 2009. Archived from the original on 16 December 2010. Retrieved 4 June 2011. 
^ "South Africa's brain drain reversing". Times Live. Retrieved 4 June 2011. 
^ "Graduates confident about SA". Times Live. Retrieved 4 June 2011. 
^ "SKA announces Founding Board and selects Jodrell Bank Observatory to host Project Office". SKA 2011. 2 April 2011. Retrieved 14 April 2011. 
^ "Africa and Australasia to share Square Kilometre Array". BBC. 25 May 2012. 
^ a b WHO/UNICEF:Joint Monitoring Programme for Water Supply and Sanitation:Data table South Africa Archived 9 February 2014 at the Wayback Machine., 2010. Retrieved 3 November 2012
^ ""Most progressive water utility in Africa" wins 2014Stockholm Industry Water Award". Stockholm International Water Institute (SIWI). Retrieved 8 June 2014. 
^ "Anti-immigrant violence spreads in South Africa, with attacks reported in Cape Town – The New York Times". International Herald Tribune. 23 May 2008. Archived from the original on 21 February 2009. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Escape From Mugabe: Zimbabwe's Exodus". Archived from the original on 24 January 2016. 
^ "More illegals set to flood SA". Fin24. Archived from the original on 14 February 2009. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "South African mob kills migrants". BBC. 12 May 2008. Retrieved 19 May 2008. 
^ Barry Bearak (23 May 2008). "Immigrants Fleeing Fury of South African Mobs". The New York Times. Retrieved 5 August 2008. 
^ Lehohla, Pali (5 May 2005). "Debate over race and censuses not peculiar to SA". Business Report. Archived from the original on 14 August 2007. Retrieved 25 August 2013. Others pointed out that the repeal of the Population Registration Act in 1991 removed any legal basis for specifying "race". The Identification Act of 1997 makes no mention of race. On the other hand, the Employment Equity Act speaks of "designated groups" being "black people, women and people with disabilities". The Act defines "Black" as referring to "Africans, coloureds and Indians". Apartheid and the racial identification which underpinned it explicitly linked race with differential access to resources and power. If the post-apartheid order was committed to remedying this, race would have to be included in surveys and censuses, so that progress in eradicating the consequences of apartheid could be measured and monitored. This was the reasoning that led to a "self-identifying" question about "race" or "population group" in both the 1996 and 2001 censuses, and in Statistics SA's household survey programme. 
^ Study Commission on U.S. Policy toward Southern Africa (U.S.) (1981). South Africa: time running out: the report of the Study Commission on U.S. Policy Toward Southern Africa. University of California Press. p. 42. ISBN 0-520-04547-5. 
^ a b c "World Refugee Survey 2008". U.S. Committee for Refugees and Immigrants. 19 June 2008. Archived from the original on 19 October 2014. 
^ "Constitution of South Africa, Chapter 1, Section 6". Fs.gov.za. Archived from the original on 13 November 2012. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ a b Census 2011: Census in brief (PDF). Pretoria: Statistics South Africa. 2012. pp. 23–25. ISBN 9780621413885. [permanent dead link]
^ "The languages of South Africa". SouthAfrica.info. 4 February 1997. Retrieved 7 November 2010. 
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ a b "South Africa – Section I. Religious Demography". U.S. Department of State. Retrieved 15 July 2006. 
^ Wessel Bentley; Dion Angus Forster (2008). "God's mission in our context, healing and transforming responses". Methodism in Southern Africa: A Celebration of Wesleyan Mission. AcadSA. pp. 97–98. ISBN 978-1-920212-29-2. 
^ van Wyk, Ben-Erik and van Oudtshoorn, Gericke N (1999). Medicinal Plants of South Africa. Pretoria: Briza Publications. p. 10. ISBN 978-1-875093-37-3. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "South Africa". State.gov. 15 September 2006. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ a b "In South Africa, many blacks convert to Islam / The Christian Science Monitor". The Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Muslims say their faith growing fast in Africa". Religionnewsblog.com. Retrieved 7 November 2010. 
^ Rebecca Weiner, Rebecca Weiner, ed. (2010), South African Jewish History and Information (PDF), Jewish Virtual Library, retrieved 13 August 2010 
^ "Black middle class explodes". FIN24. 22 May 2007. Archived from the original on 22 August 2007. 
^ "History of Scouting in South Africa". History of Scouting in South Africa. South African Scout Association. 2006. Retrieved 30 November 2006. 
^ Radford, Tim (16 April 2004). "World's Oldest Jewellery Found in Cave". London: Buzzle.com. Retrieved 16 April 2011. 
^ "The Nobel Prize in Literature: John Maxwell Coetzee". Swedish Academy. 2 October 2003. Retrieved 2 August 2009. 
^ "South African music after Apartheid: kwaito, the "party politic," and the appropriation of gold as a sign of success". Archived from the original on 13 June 2013. 
^ "South African Wine Guide: Stellenbosch, Constantia, Walker Bay and more". Thewinedoctor.com. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Sport in South Africa". SouthAfrica.info. Retrieved 28 June 2010. 
^ Cooper, Billy (12 July 2010). "South Africa gets 9/10 for World Cup". Mail & Guardian. Archived from the original on 15 July 2010. Retrieved 9 September 2010. 
^ "National adult literacy rates (15+), youth literacy rates (15–24) and elderly literacy rates (65+)". UNESCO Institute for Statistics. 
^ a b "A parent's guide to schooling". Retrieved 31 August 2010. 
^ "Education in South Africa". SouthAfrica.info. Archived from the original on 17 June 2010. Retrieved 20 June 2010. 
^ "Bantu Education". Overcoming Apartheid. Retrieved 20 June 2010. 
^ Cele, S'thembile; Masondo, Sipho (18 January 2015). "Shocking cost of SA’s universities". fin24.com. City Press. Retrieved 19 January 2015. 
^ "Human Development Report 2009 – South Africa". Hdrstats.undp.org. Archived from the original on 15 April 2010. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ Peoples Budget Coalition Comments on the 2011/12 Budget Archived 16 May 2012 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b "‘Clinic-in-a-Box’ seeks to improve South African healthcare". SmartPlanet. Archived from the original on 30 July 2013. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ "What does the demand for healthcare look like in SA?" (PDF). Mediclinic Southern Africa. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2 October 2013. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ a b c "Motsoaledi to reform private health care". Financial Mail. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ "South Africa". ICAP at Columbia University. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ http://www.therichest.com/rich-list/nation/the-biggest-hospitals-in-the-world/
^ "HIV and AIDS estimates (2015)". 
^ "South Africa HIV & AIDS Statistics". AVERT.org. Retrieved 6 May 2013. 
^ a b "AIDS orphans". Avert. Retrieved 8 October 2006. 
^ "Sack SA Health Minister – world's AIDS experts". afrol News. Retrieved 8 October 2006. 
^ "Situation Analysis. HIV & AIDS and STI Strategic Plan 2007–2011" (PDF). info.gov.za. Archived from the original (PDF) on 30 May 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Zuma announces AIDS reforms". UNPAN. Retrieved 9 March 2010. 


Further reading


A History of South Africa, Third Edition. Leonard Thompson. Yale University Press. 1 March 2001. 384 pages. ISBN 0-300-08776-4.
Economic Analysis and Policy Formulation for Post-Apartheid South Africa: Mission Report, Aug. 1991. International Development Research Centre. IDRC Canada, 1991. vi, 46 p. Without ISBN
Emerging Johannesburg: Perspectives on the Postapartheid City. Richard Tomlinson, et al. 1 January 2003. 336 pages. ISBN 0-415-93559-8.
Making of Modern South Africa: Conquest, Segregation and Apartheid. Nigel Worden. 1 July 2000. 194 pages. ISBN 0-631-21661-8.
South Africa: A Narrative History. Frank Welsh. Kodansha America. 1 February 1999. 606 pages. ISBN 1-56836-258-7.
South Africa in Contemporary Times. Godfrey Mwakikagile. New Africa Press. February 2008. 260 pages. ISBN 978-0-9802587-3-8.
The Atlas of Changing South Africa. A. J. Christopher. 1 October 2000. 216 pages. ISBN 0-415-21178-6.
The Politics of the New South Africa. Heather Deegan. 28 December 2000. 256 pages. ISBN 0-582-38227-0.
Twentieth-Century South Africa. William Beinart Oxford University Press 2001, 414 pages, ISBN 0-19-289318-1


External links



Wikimedia Commons has media related to South Africa.





Wikivoyage has a travel guide for South Africa.



Find more aboutSouth Africaat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Travel guide from Wikivoyage
Learning resources from Wikiversity



Government of South Africa
"South Africa". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. 
South Africa from UCB Libraries GovPubs
South Africa from the BBC News
 Wikimedia Atlas of South Africa







v
t
e


South Africa articles



History





Timeline
(years)




Early history
Cape Colony
Orange Free State
Transvaal
First Boer War
Second Boer War
Great Depression
World War II
Apartheid
Border War
Since 1994





By topic



Economic
Military








Geography







Districts
Earthquakes
Estuaries
Forests
Islands
Lakes
Mountain ranges
Municipalities
National parks
Populated places
Provinces
Rivers
Wildlife








Politics











Constitution
Courts
Elections
Foreign relations
Government
Human rights
Law
Parliament
Political parties
President






State security
and intelligence




Minister
Co-ordinating committee (NICC)
Intelligence agency (NIA)
Communications centre (NCC)
Communications security (COMSEC)
Secret Service (SASS)
Intelligence academy (SANAI)





Law enforcement



Department of Police
Police Service

Criminal intelligence (SAPS)
Special Task Force
National Intervention Unit
NFDD


Municipal Police
Independent Complaints Directorate
Department of Correctional Services
Biometrics use








Military



Department of Defence
Defence Force
Air Force
Army
Navy
Military Health Service
Special Forces
Commando System
Intelligence








Economy







Agriculture
Communications
Economic history
Energy
Foreign trade
Mining industry
Rand (currency)
Stock exchange
Taxation
Tourism
Trade unions
Transportation
Water and sanitation








Society







Crime
Education
Feminism
Health
Healthcare
Immigration
Intersex
Languages
LGBT
Racism
Religion
Sexual violence
Social movements
Xenophobia





Culture



Architecture
Art
Cinema
Cuisine
Flag
HIV/AIDS
Homelessness
Literature
Media
Music
Public holidays
Sports





Demographics



Asian

Indian
Chinese


Bantu

Ndebele
Pedi
Sotho
Swazi
Tsonga
Tswana
Venda
Xhosa
Zulu


Coloured

Cape Coloured
Cape Malay
Griqua


Khoisan
White

Afrikaner
British














Outline
Index



Category
Portal












v
t
e


Countries and territories of Africa



Sovereign states




entirely
in Africa



Algeria
Angola
Benin
Botswana
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Comoros
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Republic of the Congo
Djibouti
Egypt
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Ethiopia
Gabon
The Gambia
Ghana
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Ivory Coast (Côte d'Ivoire)
Kenya
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Madagascar
Malawi
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Niger
Nigeria
Rwanda
São Tomé and Príncipe
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Somalia
South Africa
South Sudan
Sudan
Swaziland
Tanzania
Togo
Tunisia
Uganda
Zambia
Zimbabwe





partly
in Africa



France

Mayotte
Réunion


Italy

Pantelleria
Pelagie Islands


Portugal

Madeira


Spain

Canary Islands
Ceuta
Melilla
Plazas de soberanía


Yemen

Socotra














Territories and
dependencies




Îles Éparses

France


Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha

UK


Southern Provinces (Western Sahara)1






States with limited
recognition




Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic
Somaliland






1 Unclear sovereignty.








Links to related articles











v
t
e


Group of Eight (G8) and Group of Eight + Five (G8+5)



G8 members



 Canada
 France
 Germany
 Italy
 Japan
 Russia
 United Kingdom
 United States





Representative



 European Union





G8+5



 Brazil
 China
 India
 Mexico
 South Africa





See also



Group of Six
Group of Seven
G7+1












v
t
e


G20 major economies






 Argentina
 Australia
 Brazil
 Canada
 China
 European Union
 France
 Germany
 India
 Indonesia
 Italy
 Japan
 Mexico
 Russia
 Saudi Arabia
 South Africa
 Republic of Korea
 Turkey
 United Kingdom
 United States












v
t
e


BRICS



Membership



 Brazil
 Russia
 India
 China
 South Africa





Summits



Yekaterinburg 2009
Brasília 2010
Sanya 2011
New Delhi 2012
Durban 2013
Fortaleza 2014
Ufa 2015
Goa 2016
Xiamen 2017





Bilateral relations



Brazil–China
Brazil–India
Brazil–Russia
Brazil–South Africa
China–India
China–Russia
China–South Africa
India–Russia
India–South Africa
Russia–South Africa





Leaders



 Temer
 Putin
 Modi
 Xi
 Zuma





Related



New Development Bank
BRICS Contingent Reserve Arrangement
BRICS Leaders
BRICS Cable
BRICS Universities League





BRICS U-17 Football Cup



2016 Goa












v
t
e


World Trade Organization



System



Accession and membership
Appellate Body
Dispute Settlement Body
International Trade Centre
Chronology of key events





Issues



Criticism
Doha Development Round
Singapore issues
Quota Elimination
Peace Clause





Agreements



General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
Agriculture
Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures
Technical Barriers to Trade
Trade Related Investment Measures
Trade in Services
Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights
Government Procurement
Information Technology
Marrakech Agreement
Doha Declaration
Bali Package





Ministerial
Conferences



1st (1996)
2nd (1998)
3rd (1999)
4th (2001)
5th (2003)
6th (2005)
7th (2009)
8th (2011)
9th (2013)
10th (2015)





People



Roberto Azevêdo (Director-General)
Pascal Lamy (former Director-General)
Supachai Panitchpakdi (former Director-General)
Deputy Directors-General:

Yonov Frederick Agah
Karl Brauner
David Shark
Yi Xiaozhun

former: Alejandro Jara
Valentine Rugwabiza
Harsha Singh
Rufus Yerxa









Members



Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
Angola
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belize
Benin
Bolivia
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Republic of the Congo
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Cuba
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
European Union¹
Fiji
Gabon
The Gambia
Georgia
Ghana
Grenada
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong²
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Israel
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
South Korea
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Lesotho
Liberia
Liechtenstein
Macau²
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Moldova
Mongolia
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nepal
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Qatar
Russia
Rwanda
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Suriname
Swaziland
Switzerland
Tajikistan
Taiwan³
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe


1. All twenty-eight member states of the European Union are also members of the WTO in their own right:

Austria
Belgium
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malta
Netherlands
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom


2. Special administrative regions of the People's Republic of China, participates as "Hong Kong, China" and "Macao China".
3. Officially the Republic of China, participates as "Separate Customs Territory of Taiwan, Penghu, Kinmen and Matsu", and "Chinese Taipei" in short.











v
t
e


Southern African Development Community (SADC)



Member states



Angola
Botswana
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Lesotho
Madagascar
Malawi
Mauritius
Mozambique
Namibia
Seychelles
South Africa
Swaziland
Tanzania
Zambia
Zimbabwe





Leaders




Chairpersons



Levy Mwanawasa
Kgalema Motlanthe





Secretaries-General



Kaire Mbuende
Prega Ramsamy
Tomaz Salomão








See also



Southern African Development Coordination Conference (forerunner)
Southern African Customs Union (SACU)
Common Monetary Area (CMA)
Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA)












v
t
e


African Union (AU)



History







Pan-Africanism
Casablanca Group
Monrovia Group
Abuja Treaty
Sirte Declaration
Lome Summit





Organisation of African Unity



Chairperson
Secretary General











Geography



Borders
Extreme points
Member states
Regions





Organs







Executive Council
Permanent Representatives' Committee
Specialized Technical Committees





Assembly



Chairperson





Commission



Chairperson
Deputy Chairperson
AUCC





Pan-African Parliament



Bureau
Secretariat
Gallagher Estate





African Court of Justice



African Court on Human and Peoples' Rights





ECOSOCC Committees



Peace and Security
Political Affairs
Infrastructure and Energy
Social Affairs and Health
HR, Sciences and Technology
Trade and Industry
Rural Economy and Agriculture
Economic Affairs
Women and Gender
Cross-Cutting Programs





Financial Institutions



African Central Bank
African Monetary Fund
African Investment Bank





Peace and Security Council



ACIRC
African Standby Force
Panel of the Wise
UNAMID
AMIB
AMIS
AMISOM
MISCA








Politics







APRM
Foreign relations
African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights
African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights
Enlargement





Symbols



Anthem
Emblem
Flag








Economy



Currencies
Development Bank
African Economic Community
NEPAD
African Free Trade Zone
Tripartite Free Trade Area





Culture



Africa Day
Languages





Theory



Afro
United States of Africa
United States of Latin Africa








 Category












v
t
e


Countries and territories bordering the Indian Ocean



Africa



Comoros
Djibouti
Egypt
Eritrea
France

Mayotte
Réunion


Kenya
Madagascar
Mauritius
Mozambique
Rodrigues (Mauritius)
Seychelles
Somalia
South Africa
Sudan
Tanzania
Zanzibar, Tanzania








Asia



Bahrain
Bangladesh
British Indian Ocean Territory

Chagos Archipelago - United Kingdom


Christmas Island (Australia)
Cocos (Keeling) Islands (Australia)
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Israel
Jordan
Kuwait
Malaysia
Maldives
Myanmar
Oman
Pakistan
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Sri Lanka
Thailand
Timor-Leste
United Arab Emirates
Yemen





Other



Antarctica

Australian Antarctic Territory
French Southern and Antarctic Lands
Heard Island and McDonald Islands


Australia












v
t
e


Peri-Antarctic countries and overseas territories






Argentina
Australia

Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Macquarie Island


Bouvet Island
Chile
Falkland Islands
French Southern and Antarctic Lands

Kerguelen Islands


New Zealand

New Zealand Subantarctic Islands


South Africa

Prince Edward Islands


South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands









"Peri-Antarctic" (meaning "close to the Antarctic") does not include territorial claims in Antarctica itself.










v
t
e


Members of the Commonwealth of Nations



Sovereign states
(Members)



Antigua and Barbuda
Australia
Bahamas
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belize
Botswana
Brunei
Cameroon
Canada
Cyprus
Dominica
Fiji
Ghana
Grenada
Guyana
India
Jamaica
Kenya
Kiribati
Lesotho
Malawi
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mozambique
Namibia
Nauru
New Zealand
Nigeria
Pakistan
Papua New Guinea
Rwanda
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Swaziland
Tanzania
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tuvalu
Uganda
United Kingdom
Vanuatu
Zambia





Dependencies
of Members




Australia



Ashmore and Cartier Islands
Australian Antarctic Territory
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Coral Sea Islands
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Norfolk Island





New Zealand



Cook Islands
Niue
Ross Dependency
Tokelau





United Kingdom



Akrotiri and Dhekelia
Anguilla
Bermuda
British Antarctic Territory
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Cayman Islands
Falkland Islands
Gibraltar
Guernsey
Isle of Man
Jersey
Montserrat
Pitcairn Islands
St. Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Turks and Caicos Islands









Source: Commonwealth Secretariat - Member States










v
t
e


English-speaking world






Click on a coloured area to see an article about English in that country or region






































































Further links







Articles



English-speaking world
History of the English language
British Empire
English in the Commonwealth of Nations





Lists



List of countries by English-speaking population
List of countries where English is an official language









 







Countries and territories where English is the national language or the native language of the majority





Africa



Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha





Americas



Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
The Bahamas
Barbados
Belize
Bermuda
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Dominica
Falkland Islands
Grenada
Guyana
Jamaica
Montserrat
Saba
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Sint Eustatius
Sint Maarten
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Trinidad and Tobago
Turks and Caicos Islands
United States
United States Virgin Islands





Europe



Guernsey
Ireland
Isle of Man
Jersey
United Kingdom





Oceania



Australia
New Zealand
Norfolk Island
Pitcairn Islands








 







Countries and territories where English is an official language, but not the majority first language





Africa



Botswana
Cameroon
The Gambia
Ghana
Kenya
Lesotho
Liberia
Malawi
Mauritius
Namibia
Nigeria
Rwanda
Sierra Leone
Somaliland
South Africa
South Sudan
Sudan
Swaziland
Tanzania
Uganda
Zambia
Zimbabwe





Americas



Puerto Rico





Asia



Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
India
Pakistan
Philippines
Singapore





Europe



Gibraltar
Malta





Oceania



American Samoa
Cook Islands
Fiji
Guam
Kiribati
Marshall Islands
Micronesia
Nauru
Niue
Northern Mariana Islands
Palau
Papua New Guinea
Samoa
Solomon Islands
Tokelau
Tuvalu
Vanuatu












Dependencies shown in italics.















Coordinates: 30°S 25°E﻿ / ﻿30°S 25°E﻿ / -30; 25



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 159069376
LCCN: n79023005
ISNI: 0000 0001 2167 3042
GND: 4078012-0
SUDOC: 028016009
BNF: cb11993638s (data)
NLA: 35513495
NDL: 00567657










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=South_Africa&oldid=792672918"					
Categories: South AfricaSouthern African countriesEnglish-speaking countries and territoriesG20 nationsLiberal democraciesMember states of the African UnionMember states of the Commonwealth of NationsMember states of the United NationsStates and territories established in 1910Commonwealth republicsAfrikaans-speaking countries and territoriesBantu countries and territoriesBRICS nationsCountries in AfricaHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksCS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listWikipedia articles incorporating a citation from the 1911 Encyclopaedia Britannica with Wikisource referencePages using citations with accessdate and no URLArticles with dead external links from June 2017Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia pages semi-protected against vandalismWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesUse dmy dates from March 2017Use South African English from September 2013All Wikipedia articles written in South African EnglishArticles containing Afrikaans-language textArticles containing non-English-language textArticles containing Sotho-language textArticles containing Southern Ndebele-language textArticles containing Swati-language textArticles containing Tsonga-language textArticles containing Tswana-language textArticles containing Venda-language textArticles containing Xhosa-language textArticles containing Zulu-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2013All articles with failed verificationArticles with failed verification from October 2011Wikipedia articles needing clarification from October 2011Pages using columns with the default column widthArticles with unsourced statements from May 2010Use South African English from July 2013Coordinates on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikinewsWikiquoteWikivoyage 



Languages


AcèhАдыгэбзэАдыгабзэAfrikaansAkanAlemannischአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةAragonésArpetanAsturianuAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaتۆرکجهBamanankanবাংলাBahasa BanjarBân-lâm-gúБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎भोजपुरीBikol CentralБългарскиBoarischབོད་ཡིགBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàЧӑвашлаCebuanoČeštinaChi-ChewaChiShonaCymraegDanskDeitschDeutschދިވެހިބަސްDiné bizaadDolnoserbskiཇོང་ཁEestiΕλληνικάEmiliàn e rumagnòlEspañolEsperantoEstremeñuEuskaraEʋegbeفارسیFiji HindiFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGagauzGàidhligGalego贛語Gĩkũyũગુજરાતીगोंयची कोंकणी / Gõychi Konknni客家語/Hak-kâ-ngîХальмг한국어HausaՀայերենहिन्दीHornjoserbsceHrvatskiIdoIgboIlokanoবিষ্ণুপ্রিয়া মণিপুরীBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueИронIsiXhosaIsiZuluÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡKapampanganКъарачай-малкъарქართულიकॉशुर / کٲشُرҚазақшаKernowekKinyarwandaKiswahiliКомиKongoKreyòl ayisyenKurdîКыргызчаLadinoЛезгиلۊری شومالیLatgaļuLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLimburgsLingálaLivvinkarjalaLa .lojban.LugandaLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMaltiMāoriमराठीმარგალურიمصرىمازِرونیBahasa MelayuBaso MinangkabauMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄MirandésМокшеньМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNāhuatlDorerin NaoeroNederlandsNedersaksiesनेपालीनेपाल भाषा日本語НохчийнNordfriiskNorfuk / PitkernNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskNouormandNovialOccitanଓଡ଼ିଆOromooOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀपालिپنجابیPapiamentuپښتوPatoisភាសាខ្មែរPiemontèisTok PisinPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsQaraqalpaqshaQırımtatarcaReo tahitiRipoarischRomânăRumantschRuna SimiРусиньскыйРусскийСаха тылаSámegiellaसंस्कृतम्SängöSarduScotsSeelterskSesothoSesotho sa LeboaSetswanaShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishسنڌيSiSwatiSlovenčinaSlovenščinaŚlůnskiSoomaaligaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitTarandíneТатарча/tatarçaతెలుగుไทยትግርኛТоҷикӣTsetsêhestâheseTshivendaತುಳುTürkçeTürkmençeУкраїнськаاردوئۇيغۇرچە / UyghurcheVahcuenghVènetoVepsän kel’Tiếng ViệtVolapükVõroWalon文言West-VlamsWinarayWolof吴语XitsongaייִדישYorùbá粵語ZazakiZeêuwsŽemaitėška中文डोटेलीKabɩyɛ 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 27 July 2017, at 22:30.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









South Africa - Wikipedia




















 







South Africa

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the modern country. For other uses, see South Africa (disambiguation).





Republic of South Africa

10 other official names:[1]
Republiek van Suid-Afrika  (Afrikaans)
Repabliki ya Afrika-Borwa  (Northern Sotho)
Rephaboliki ya Afrika Borwa  (Sotho)
iRiphabliki yeSewula Afrika  (Southern Ndebele)
iRiphabhulikhi yeNingizimu Afrika  (Swati)
Riphabliki ra Afrika Dzonga  (Tsonga)
Rephaboliki ya Aforika Borwa  (Tswana)
Riphabuḽiki ya Afurika Tshipembe  (Venda)
iRiphabliki yomZantsi Afrika  (Xhosa)
iRiphabhuliki yaseNingizimu Afrika  (Zulu)










Flag



Coat of arms






Motto: "!ke e: ǀxarra ǁke" (ǀXam)
"Unity in Diversity"




Anthem: National anthem of South Africa

















Location of  South Africa  (dark blue)
in the African Union  (light blue)








Capital



Pretoria (executive)
Bloemfontein (judicial)
Cape Town (legislative)





Largest city
Johannesburg[2]


Official languages

[Note 1]

11 languages

Afrikaans
Northern Sotho
English
Southern Ndebele
Southern Sotho
Swazi
Tsonga
Tswana
Venda
Xhosa
Zulu





Ethnic groups (2014[3])



80.2% Black
8.8% Coloured
8.4% White
2.5% Asian





Religion
See Religion in South Africa


Demonym
South African


Government
Unitary parliamentary constitutional republic



• President

Jacob Zuma



• Deputy President

Cyril Ramaphosa


Legislature
Parliament



• Upper house

National Council



• Lower house

National Assembly


Independence from the United Kingdom



• Union

31 May 1910



• Self-governance

11 December 1931



• Republic

31 May 1961



• Current constitution

4 February 1997


Area



• Total

1,221,037 km2 (471,445 sq mi) (24th)



• Water (%)

negligible


Population



• 2015 estimate

54,956,900[4] (25th)



• 2011 census

51,770,560[5]:18



• Density

42.4/km2 (109.8/sq mi) (169th)


GDP (PPP)
2016 estimate



• Total

$742.461 billion[6] (30th)



• Per capita

$13,321[6] (90th)


GDP (nominal)
2016 estimate



• Total

$326.541 billion[6] (35th)



• Per capita

$5,859[6] (88th)


Gini (2009)
63.1[7]
very high


HDI (2014)
 0.666[8]
medium · 116th


Currency
South African rand (ZAR)


Time zone
SAST (UTC+2)


Drives on the
left


Calling code
+27


ISO 3166 code
ZA


Internet TLD
.za


South Africa, officially the Republic of South Africa (RSA), is the southernmost country in Africa. It is bounded on the south by 2,798 kilometres (1,739 mi) of coastline of Southern Africa stretching along the South Atlantic and Indian Oceans;[9][10][11] on the north by the neighbouring countries of Namibia, Botswana, and Zimbabwe; and on the east and northeast by Mozambique and Swaziland; and surrounds the kingdom of Lesotho.[12] South Africa is the 25th-largest country in the world by land area, and with close to 56,000,000 people, is the world's 24th-most populous nation. It is the southernmost country on the mainland of the Old World or the Eastern Hemisphere. About 80% of South Africans are of Sub-Saharan African ancestry,[5] divided among a variety of ethnic groups speaking different Bantu languages, nine of which have official status.[11] The remaining population consists of Africa's largest communities of European (white), Asian (Indian), and multiracial (coloured) ancestry.
South Africa is a multiethnic society encompassing a wide variety of cultures, languages, and religions. Its pluralistic makeup is reflected in the constitution's recognition of eleven official languages, which is among the highest number of any country in the world.[11] Two of these languages are of European origin: Afrikaans developed from Dutch and serves as the first language of most white and coloured South Africans; English reflects the legacy of British colonialism, and is commonly used in public and commercial life, though it is fourth-ranked as a spoken first language.[11] The country is one of the few in Africa never to have had a coup d'état, and regular elections have been held for almost a century. However, the vast majority of Black South Africans were not enfranchised until 1994. During the twentieth century, the Black majority sought to recover its rights from the dominant White minority, with this struggle playing a large role in the country's recent history and politics. The National Party imposed the apartheid system in 1948, institutionalising previous racial segregation. After a long and sometimes violent struggle by the African National Congress and other anti-apartheid activists both inside and outside the country, discriminatory laws began to be repealed or abolished from 1990 onwards.
Since 1994, all ethnic and linguistic groups have held political representation in the country's democracy, which comprises a parliamentary republic and nine provinces. South Africa is often referred to as the "Rainbow Nation" to describe the country's multicultural diversity, especially in the wake of apartheid.[13] The World Bank classifies South Africa as an upper-middle-income economy, and a newly industrialised country.[14][15] Its economy is the second-largest in Africa, and the 34th-largest in the world.[6] In terms of purchasing power parity, South Africa has the seventh-highest per capita income in Africa. However, poverty and inequality remain widespread, with about a quarter of the population unemployed and living on less than US$1.25 a day.[16][17] Nevertheless, South Africa has been identified as a middle power in international affairs, and maintains significant regional influence.[18][19]



Contents


1 Name
2 History

2.1 Prehistoric finds
2.2 Bantu expansion
2.3 Portuguese contacts
2.4 Dutch colonisation
2.5 British colonisation

2.5.1 Independence
2.5.2 Beginning of apartheid


2.6 Republic

2.6.1 End of apartheid




3 Geography

3.1 Climate
3.2 Biodiversity

3.2.1 Animals
3.2.2 Fungi
3.2.3 Plants


3.3 Conservation issues


4 Politics and government

4.1 Law
4.2 Foreign relations
4.3 Military
4.4 Administrative divisions


5 Economy

5.1 Labour market
5.2 Science and technology
5.3 Water supply and sanitation


6 Demographics

6.1 Languages
6.2 Urban centres
6.3 Religion


7 Culture

7.1 Arts
7.2 Popular culture
7.3 Cuisine
7.4 Sports


8 Education
9 Health

9.1 HIV/AIDS


10 See also
11 Notes
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Name
See also: Official names of South Africa
The name "South Africa" is derived from the country's geographic location at the southern tip of Africa. Upon formation the country was named the Union of South Africa in English, reflecting its origin from the unification of four formerly separate British colonies. Since 1961 the long form name in English has been the "Republic of South Africa". In Dutch the country was named Republiek van Zuid-Afrika, replaced in 1983 by the Afrikaans Republiek van Suid-Afrika. Since 1994 the Republic has had an official name in each of its 11 official languages.
Mzansi, derived from the Xhosa noun umzantsi meaning "south", is a colloquial name for South Africa,[20][21] while some Pan-Africanist political parties prefer the term "Azania".[22]
History
Main article: History of South Africa
Prehistoric finds
South Africa contains some of the oldest archaeological and human fossil sites in the world.[23][24][25] Extensive fossil remains have been recovered from a series of caves in Gauteng Province. The area is a UNESCO World Heritage site and has been termed the Cradle of Humankind. The sites include Sterkfontein, which is one of the richest hominin fossil sites in the world. Other sites include Swartkrans, Gondolin Cave Kromdraai, Coopers Cave and Malapa. The first hominin fossil discovered in Africa, the Taung Child was found near Taung in 1924. Further hominin remains have been recovered from the sites of Makapansgat in Limpopo, Cornelia and Florisbad in the Free State, Border Cave in KwaZulu-Natal, Klasies River Mouth in eastern Cape and Pinnacle Point, Elandsfontein and Die Kelders Cave in Western Cape. These sites suggest that various hominid species existed in South Africa from about three million years ago starting with Australopithecus africanus.[26] These were succeeded by various species, including Australopithecus sediba, Homo ergaster, Homo erectus, Homo rhodesiensis, Homo helmei, Homo naledi and modern humans, Homo sapiens. Modern humans have inhabited Southern Africa for at least 170,000 years.
Within the Vaal River valley, pebble tools have been located.[27]
Bantu expansion




Mapungubwe Hill, the site of the former capital of the Kingdom of Mapungubwe


Settlements of Bantu-speaking peoples, who were iron-using agriculturists and herdsmen, were already present south of the Limpopo River (now the northern border with Botswana and Zimbabwe) by the 4th or 5th century CE. (See Bantu expansion.) They displaced, conquered and absorbed the original Khoisan speakers, the Khoikhoi and San peoples. The Bantu slowly moved south. The earliest ironworks in modern-day KwaZulu-Natal Province are believed to date from around 1050. The southernmost group was the Xhosa people, whose language incorporates certain linguistic traits from the earlier Khoisan people. The Xhosa reached the Great Fish River, in today's Eastern Cape Province. As they migrated, these larger Iron Age populations displaced or assimilated earlier peoples. In Mpumalanga, several stone circles have been found along with the stone arrangement that has been named Adam's Calendar.
Portuguese contacts
At the time of European contact, the dominant ethnic group were Bantu-speaking peoples who had migrated from other parts of Africa about one thousand years before. The two major historic groups were the Xhosa and Zulu peoples.
In 1487, the Portuguese explorer Bartolomeu Dias led the first European voyage to land in southern Africa.[28] On 4 December, he landed at Walfisch Bay (now known as Walvis Bay in present-day Namibia). This was south of the furthest point reached in 1485 by his predecessor, the Portuguese navigator Diogo Cão (Cape Cross, north of the bay). Dias continued down the western coast of southern Africa. After 8 January 1488, prevented by storms from proceeding along the coast, he sailed out of sight of land and passed the southernmost point of Africa without seeing it. He reached as far up the eastern coast of Africa as, what he called, Rio do Infante, probably the present-day Groot River, in May 1488, but on his return he saw the Cape, which he first named Cabo das Tormentas (Cape of Storms). His King, John II, renamed the point Cabo da Boa Esperança, or Cape of Good Hope, as it led to the riches of the East Indies.[29] Dias' feat of navigation was later immortalised in Luís de Camões' Portuguese epic poem, The Lusiads (1572).
Dutch colonisation
See also: History of Cape Colony and Dutch Cape Colony




Charles Davidson Bell's 19th-century painting of Jan van Riebeeck, who founded the first European settlement in South Africa, arrives in Table Bay in 1652.


By the early 17th century, Portugal's maritime power was starting to decline, and English and Dutch merchants competed to oust Lisbon from its lucrative monopoly on the spice trade.[30] Representatives of the British East India Company did call sporadically at the Cape in search of provisions as early as 1601, but later came to favour Ascension Island and St. Helena as alternative ports of refuge.[31] Dutch interest was aroused after 1647, when two employees of the Dutch East India Company (VOC) were shipwrecked there for several months. The sailors were able to survive by obtaining fresh water and meat from the natives.[31] They also sowed vegetables in the fertile soil.[32] Upon their return to Holland they reported favourably on the Cape's potential as a "warehouse and garden" for provisions to stock passing ships for long voyages.[31]
In 1652, a century and a half after the discovery of the Cape sea route, Jan van Riebeeck established a victualing station at the Cape of Good Hope, at what would become Cape Town, on behalf of the Dutch East India Company.[33][34] In time, the Cape become home to a large population of "vrijlieden", also known as "vrijburgers" (free citizens), former Company employees who stayed in Dutch territories overseas after serving their contracts.[34] Dutch traders also imported thousands of slaves to the fledgling colony from Indonesia, Madagascar, and parts of eastern Africa.[35] Some of the earliest mixed race communities in the country were later formed through unions between vrijburgers, their slaves, and various indigenous peoples.[36] This led to the development of a new ethnic group, the Cape Coloureds, most of whom adopted the Dutch language and Christian faith.[36]
The eastward expansion of Dutch colonists ushered in a series of wars with the southwesterly migrating Xhosa tribe, as both sides competed for the pastureland necessary to graze their cattle near the Great Fish River.[37] Vrijburgers who became independent farmers on the frontier were known as Boers, with some adopting semi-nomadic lifestyles being denoted as trekboers.[37] The Boers formed loose militias, which they termed commandos, and forged alliances with Khoisan groups to repel Xhosa raids.[37] Both sides launched bloody but inconclusive offensives, and sporadic violence, often accompanied by livestock theft, remained common for several decades.[37]
British colonisation
Great Britain occupied Cape Town between 1795 and 1803 to prevent it from falling under the control of the French First Republic, which had invaded the Low Countries.[37] Despite briefly returning to Dutch rule under the Batavian Republic in 1803, the Cape was occupied again by the British in 1806.[38] Following the end of the Napoleonic Wars, it was formally ceded to Great Britain and became an integral part of the British Empire.[39] British immigration to South Africa began around 1818, subsequently culminating in the arrival of the 1820 Settlers.[39] The new colonists were induced to settle for a variety of reasons, namely to increase the size of the European workforce and to bolster frontier regions against Xhosa incursions.[39]




Depiction of a Zulu attack on a Boer camp in February 1838


In the first two decades of the 19th century, the Zulu people grew in power and expanded their territory under their leader, Shaka.[40] Shaka's warfare led indirectly to the Mfecane ("crushing") that devastated and depopulated the inland plateau in the early 1820s.[41][42] An offshoot of the Zulu, the Matabele people created a larger empire that included large parts of the highveld under their king Mzilikazi.
During the early 1800s, many Dutch settlers departed from the Cape Colony, where they had been subjected to British control. They migrated to the future Natal, Orange Free State, and Transvaal regions. The Boers founded the Boer Republics: the South African Republic (now Gauteng, Limpopo, Mpumalanga and North West provinces) and the Orange Free State (Free State).
The discovery of diamonds in 1867 and gold in 1884 in the interior started the Mineral Revolution and increased economic growth and immigration. This intensified British efforts to gain control over the indigenous peoples. The struggle to control these important economic resources was a factor in relations between Europeans and the indigenous population and also between the Boers and the British.[43]
The Anglo-Zulu War was fought in 1879 between the British Empire and the Zulu Kingdom. Following Lord Carnarvon's successful introduction of federation in Canada, it was thought that similar political effort, coupled with military campaigns, might succeed with the African kingdoms, tribal areas and Boer republics in South Africa. In 1874, Sir Henry Bartle Frere was sent to South Africa as High Commissioner for the British Empire to bring such plans into being. Among the obstacles were the presence of the independent states of the South African Republic and the Kingdom of Zululand and its army. The Zulu nation spectacularly defeated the British at the Battle of Isandlwana. Eventually though the war was lost resulting in the end of the Zulu nation's independence.




Boers in combat (1881)


The Boer Republics successfully resisted British encroachments during the First Boer War (1880–1881) using guerrilla warfare tactics, which were well suited to local conditions. The British returned with greater numbers, more experience, and new strategy in the Second Boer War (1899–1902) but suffered heavy casualties through attrition; nonetheless, they were ultimately successful.
Independence
Within the country, anti-British policies among white South Africans focused on independence. During the Dutch and British colonial years, racial segregation was mostly informal, though some legislation was enacted to control the settlement and movement of native people, including the Native Location Act of 1879 and the system of pass laws.[44][45][46][47][48]
Eight years after the end of the Second Boer War and after four years of negotiation, an act of the British Parliament (South Africa Act 1909) granted nominal independence, while creating the Union of South Africa on 31 May 1910. The Union was a dominion that included the former territories of the Cape and Natal colonies, as well as the republics of Orange Free State and Transvaal.[49]
The Natives' Land Act of 1913 severely restricted the ownership of land by blacks; at that stage natives controlled only 7% of the country. The amount of land reserved for indigenous peoples was later marginally increased.[50]
In 1931 the union was fully sovereign from the United Kingdom with the passage of the Statute of Westminster, which abolished the last powers of the British Government on the country. In 1934, the South African Party and National Party merged to form the United Party, seeking reconciliation between Afrikaners and English-speaking "Whites". In 1939 the party split over the entry of the Union into World War II as an ally of the United Kingdom, a move which the National Party followers strongly opposed.
Beginning of apartheid




"For use by white persons" – apartheid sign


In 1948, the National Party was elected to power. It strengthened the racial segregation begun under Dutch and British colonial rule. The Nationalist Government classified all peoples into three races and developed rights and limitations for each. The white minority (less than 20%[51]) controlled the vastly larger black majority. The legally institutionalised segregation became known as apartheid. While whites enjoyed the highest standard of living in all of Africa, comparable to First World Western nations, the black majority remained disadvantaged by almost every standard, including income, education, housing, and life expectancy. The Freedom Charter, adopted in 1955 by the Congress Alliance, demanded a non-racial society and an end to discrimination.
Republic
On 31 May 1961, the country became a republic following a referendum in which white voters narrowly voted in favour thereof (the British-dominated Natal province rallied against the issue).[52] Queen Elizabeth II was stripped of the title Queen of South Africa, and the last Governor-General, namely Charles Robberts Swart, became State President. As a concession to the Westminster system, the presidency remained parliamentary appointed and virtually powerless until P. W. Botha's Constitution Act of 1983, which (intact in these regards) eliminated the office of Prime Minister and instated a near-unique "strong presidency" responsible to parliament. Pressured by other Commonwealth of Nations countries, South Africa withdrew from the organisation in 1961, and rejoined it only in 1994.
Despite opposition both within and outside the country, the government legislated for a continuation of apartheid. The security forces cracked down on internal dissent, and violence became widespread, with anti-apartheid organisations such as the African National Congress, the Azanian People's Organisation, and the Pan-Africanist Congress carrying out guerrilla warfare[53] and urban sabotage.[54] The three rival resistance movements also engaged in occasional inter-factional clashes as they jockeyed for domestic influence.[55] Apartheid became increasingly controversial, and several countries began to boycott business with the South African government because of its racial policies. These measures were later extended to international sanctions and the divestment of holdings by foreign investors.[56][57]




F. W. de Klerk and Nelson Mandela shake hands in January 1992


In the late 1970s, South Africa initiated a programme of nuclear weapons development. In the following decade, it produced six deliverable nuclear weapons.[58][59]
End of apartheid
The Mahlabatini Declaration of Faith, signed by Mangosuthu Buthelezi and Harry Schwarz in 1974, enshrined the principles of peaceful transition of power and equality for all, the first of such agreements by black and white political leaders in South Africa. Ultimately, F. W. de Klerk opened bilateral discussions with Nelson Mandela in 1993 for a transition of policies and government.
In 1990 the National Party government took the first step towards dismantling discrimination when it lifted the ban on the African National Congress and other political organisations. It released Nelson Mandela from prison after twenty-seven years' serving a sentence for sabotage. A negotiation process followed. With approval from a predominantly white referendum, the government repealed apartheid legislation. South Africa also destroyed its nuclear arsenal and acceded to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty. South Africa held its first universal elections in 1994, which the ANC won by an overwhelming majority. It has been in power ever since. The country rejoined the Commonwealth of Nations and became a member of the Southern African Development Community (SADC).




Nelson Mandela, first black African President of Republic of South Africa


In post-apartheid South Africa, unemployment has been extremely high as the country has struggled with many changes. While many blacks have risen to middle or upper classes, the overall unemployment rate of blacks worsened between 1994 and 2003.[60] Poverty among whites, previously rare, increased.[61] In addition, the current government has struggled to achieve the monetary and fiscal discipline to ensure both redistribution of wealth and economic growth. Since the ANC-led government took power, the United Nations Human Development Index of South Africa has fallen, while it was steadily rising until the mid-1990s.[62] Some may be attributed to the HIV/AIDS pandemic, and the failure of the government to take steps to address it in the early years.[63]
In May 2008, riots left over sixty people dead.[64] The Centre on Housing Rights and Evictions estimates over 100,000 people were driven from their homes.[65] The targets were mainly migrants and refugees seeking asylum, but a third of the victims were South African citizens.[64] In a 2006 survey, the South African Migration Project concluded that South Africans are more opposed to immigration than anywhere else in the world.[66] The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in 2008 reported over 200,000 refugees applied for asylum in South Africa, almost four times as many as the year before.[67] These people were mainly from Zimbabwe, though many also come from Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Rwanda, Eritrea, Ethiopia and Somalia.[67] Competition over jobs, business opportunities, public services and housing has led to tension between refugees and host communities.[67] While xenophobia is still a problem, recent violence has not been as widespread as initially feared.[67]
Geography
Main article: Geography of South Africa




A map of South Africa showing the main topographic features: the Central Plateau edged by the Great Escarpment, and the Cape Fold Belt in the south-west corner of the country






Important geographical regions in South Africa. The thick line traces the course of the Great Escarpment which edges the central plateau. The eastern portion of this line, coloured red, is known as the Drakensberg. The Escarpment rises to its highest point, at over 3000 m, where the Drakensberg forms the border between KwaZulu-Natal and Lesotho. None of the regions indicated on the map has a sharp well-defined border, except where the Escarpment, or a range of mountains forms a clear dividing line between two regions. Some of the better known regions are coloured in; the others are simply indicated by their names, as they would be in an atlas.


South Africa is located at the southernmost region of Africa, with a long coastline that stretches more than 2,500 km (1,553 mi) and along two oceans (the South Atlantic and the Indian). At 1,219,912 km2 (471,011 sq mi),[68] South Africa is the 25th-largest country in the world and is comparable in size to Colombia. Mafadi in the Drakensberg at 3,450 m (11,320 ft) is the highest peak in South Africa. Excluding the Prince Edward Islands, the country lies between latitudes 22° and 35°S, and longitudes 16° and 33°E.
The interior of South Africa consists of a vast, in most places almost flat, plateau with an altitude of between 1,000 m (3,300 ft) and 2,100 m (6,900 ft), highest in the east and sloping gently downwards towards the west and north, and slightly less noticeably so to the south and south-west.[69] This plateau is surrounded by the Great Escarpment[70] whose eastern, and highest, stretch is known as the Drakensberg.[71]
The south and south-western parts of the plateau (at approximately 1100–1800 m above sea level), and the adjoining plain below (at approximately 700–800 m above sea level – see map on the right) is known as the Great Karoo, which consists of sparsely populated scrubland. To the north the Great Karoo fades into the even drier and more arid Bushmanland, which eventually becomes the Kalahari desert in the very north-west of the country. The mid-eastern, and highest part of the plateau is known as the Highveld. This relatively well-watered area is home to a great proportion of the country’s commercial farmlands, and contains its largest conurbation (Gauteng Province). To the north of Highveld, from about the 25° 30' S line of latitude, the plateau slopes downwards into the Bushveld, which ultimately gives way to the Limpopo lowlands or Lowveld.[70]




Flat topped hills (called Karoo Koppies) are highly characteristic of the southern and southwestern Karoo landscape. These hills are capped by hard, erosion resistant dolerite sills. This is solidified lava that was forced under high pressure between the horizontal strata of the sedimentary rocks that make up most of the Karoo’s geology about 180 million years ago. Since then Southern Africa has undergone a prolonged period of erosion removing the relatively soft Karoo rocks, except where they are protected by a cap of dolerite. This photograph was taken near Cradock in the Eastern Cape.


The coastal belt, below the Great Escarpment, moving clockwise from the northeast, consists of the Limpopo Lowveld, which merges into the Mpumalanga Lowveld, below the Mpumalanga Drakensberg (the eastern portion of the Great Escarpment).[72] This is hotter, drier and less intensely cultivated than the Highveld above the escarpment.[70] The Kruger National Park, located in the provinces of Limpopo and Mpumalanga in northeastern South Africa, occupies a large portion of the Lowveld covering 19,633 square kilometres (7,580 sq mi.) [73] South of the Lowveld the annual rainfall increases as one enters KwaZulu-Natal Province, which, especially near the coast, is subtropically hot and humid. The KwaZulu-Natal – Lesotho international border is formed by the highest portion of the Great Escarpment, or Drakensberg, which reaches an altitude of over 3,000 m (9,800 ft).[74] The climate at the foot of this part of the Drakensberg is temperate.




Drakensberg, the eastern and highest portion of the Great Escarpment which surrounds the east, south and western borders of the central plateau of Southern Africa


The coastal belt below the south and south-western stretches of the Great Escarpment contains several ranges of Cape Fold Mountains which run parallel to the coast, separating the Great Escarpment from the ocean.[75][76] (These parallel ranges of fold mountains are shown on the map, above left. Note the course of the Great Escarpment to the north of these mountain ranges.) The land (at approximately 400–500 m above sea level) between two of these ranges of fold mountains in the south (i.e. between the Outeniqua and Langeberg ranges to the south and the Swartberg range to the north) is known as the Little Karoo,[70] which consists of semi-desert scrubland similar to that of the Great Karoo, except that its northern strip along the foothills of the Swartberg Mountains, has a somewhat higher rainfall and is therefore more cultivated than the Great Karoo. The Little Karoo is historically, and still, famous for its ostrich farming around the town of Oudtshoorn. The lowland area (700–800 m above sea level) to the north of the Swartberg mountain range up to the Great Escarpment is the lowland part of the Great Karoo (see map at top right), which is climatically and botanically almost indistinguishable from the Karoo above the Great Escarpment. The narrow coastal strip between the most seaward Cape Fold Mountain range (i.e., the Langeberg–Outeniqua mountains) and the ocean has a moderately high year-round rainfall, especially in the George-Knysna-Plettenberg Bay region, which is known as the Garden Route. It is famous for the most extensive areas of indigenous forests in South Africa (a generally forest-poor country).
In the south-west corner of the country the Cape Peninsula forms the southernmost tip of the coastal strip which borders the Atlantic Ocean, and ultimately terminates at the country’s border with Namibia at the Orange River. The Cape Peninsula has a Mediterranean climate, making it and its immediate surrounds the only portion of Africa south of the Sahara which receives most of its rainfall in winter.[77][78] The greater Cape Town metropolitan area is situated on the Cape Peninsula and is home to 3.7 million people according to the 2011 population census. It is the country's legislative capital.




Spring flowers in Namaqualand


The coastal belt to the north of the Cape Peninsula is bounded on the west by the Atlantic Ocean and the first row of north-south running Cape Fold Mountains to the east. The Cape Fold Mountains peter out at about the 32° S line of latitude,[76] after which the coastal plain is bounded by the Great Escarpment itself. The most southerly portion of this coastal belt is known as the Swartland and Malmesbury Plain, which is an important wheat growing region, relying on winter rains. The region further north is known as Namaqualand,[79] which becomes more and more arid as one approaches the Orange River. The little rain that falls, tends to fall in winter,[78] which results in one of the world’s most spectacular displays of flowers carpeting huge stretches of veld in spring (August–September).




Cape Floral Region Protected Areas.


South Africa also has one possession, the small sub-Antarctic archipelago of the Prince Edward Islands, consisting of Marion Island (290 km2 or 110 sq mi) and Prince Edward Island (45 km2 or 17 sq mi) (not to be confused with the Canadian province of the same name).
Climate
Main article: Climate of South Africa




Köppen climate types of South Africa


South Africa has a generally temperate climate, due in part to being surrounded by the Atlantic and Indian Oceans on three sides, by its location in the climatically milder Southern Hemisphere and due to the average elevation rising steadily towards the north (towards the equator) and further inland. Due to this varied topography and oceanic influence, a great variety of climatic zones exist. The climatic zones range from the extreme desert of the southern Namib in the farthest northwest to the lush subtropical climate in the east along the Mozambique border and the Indian Ocean. Winters in South Africa occur between June and August.
The extreme southwest has a climate remarkably similar to that of the Mediterranean with wet winters and hot, dry summers, hosting the famous fynbos biome of shrubland and thicket. This area also produces much of the wine in South Africa. This region is also particularly known for its wind, which blows intermittently almost all year. The severity of this wind made passing around the Cape of Good Hope particularly treacherous for sailors, causing many shipwrecks. Further east on the south coast, rainfall is distributed more evenly throughout the year, producing a green landscape. This area is popularly known as the Garden Route.
The Free State is particularly flat because it lies centrally on the high plateau. North of the Vaal River, the Highveld becomes better watered and does not experience subtropical extremes of heat. Johannesburg, in the centre of the Highveld, is at 1,740 m (5,709 ft) and receives an annual rainfall of 760 mm (29.9 in). Winters in this region are cold, although snow is rare.
The high Drakensberg mountains, which form the south-eastern escarpment of the Highveld, offer limited skiing opportunities in winter. The coldest place on mainland South Africa is Sutherland in the western Roggeveld Mountains, where midwinter temperatures can reach as low as −15 °C (5 °F). The Prince Edward Islands have colder average annual temperatures, but Sutherland has colder extremes. The deep interior of mainland South Africa has the hottest temperatures: a temperature of 51.7 °C (125.06 °F) was recorded in 1948 in the Northern Cape Kalahari near Upington,[80] but this temperature is unofficial and was not recorded with standard equipment, the official highest temperature is 48.8 °C (119.84 °F) at Vioolsdrif in January 1993.[81]
Biodiversity
See also: Wildlife of South Africa and Protected areas of South Africa
South Africa signed the Rio Convention on Biological Diversity on 4 June 1994, and became a party to the convention on 2 November 1995.[82] It has subsequently produced a National Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plan, which was received by the convention on 7 June 2006.[83] The country is ranked sixth out of the world's seventeen megadiverse countries.[84]
Animals




South African giraffe, Kruger National Park


Numerous mammals are found in the bushveld including Transvaal lions, African leopards, South African cheetahs, southern white rhinos, blue wildebeest, kudus, impalas, hyenas, hippopotamuses and South African giraffes. A significant extent of the bushveld exists in the north-east including Kruger National Park and the Sabi Sand Game Reserve, as well as in the far north in the Waterberg Biosphere. South Africa houses many endemic species, among them the critically endangered riverine rabbit (Bunolagus monticullaris) in the Karoo.
Fungi
Up to 1945, more than 4900 species of fungi (including lichen-forming species) had been recorded.[85] In 2006, the total number of fungi which occur in South Africa was conservatively estimated at about 200,000 species, but that did not take into account fungi associated with insects.[86] If correct, then the number of South African fungi dwarfs that of its plants. In at least some major South African ecosystems, an exceptionally high percentage of fungi are highly specific in terms of the plants with which they occur.[87] The country's biodiversity strategy and action plan does not mention fungi (including lichen-forming fungi).[83]
Plants




Sub-tropical forest near Durban






Lowveld vegetation of the Kruger National Park


With more than 22,000 different higher plants, or about 9% of all the known species of plants on Earth,[88] South Africa is particularly rich in plant diversity. The most prevalent biome in South Africa is the grassland, particularly on the Highveld, where the plant cover is dominated by different grasses, low shrubs, and acacia trees, mainly camel-thorn and whitethorn. Vegetation becomes even more sparse towards the northwest due to low rainfall. There are several species of water-storing succulents like aloes and euphorbias in the very hot and dry Namaqualand area. The grass and thorn savannah turns slowly into a bush savannah towards the north-east of the country, with denser growth. There are significant numbers of baobab trees in this area, near the northern end of Kruger National Park.[89]
The fynbos biome, which makes up the majority of the area and plant life in the Cape floristic region, one of the six floral kingdoms, is located in a small region of the Western Cape and contains more than 9,000 of those species, making it among the richest regions on earth in terms of plant diversity.[citation needed] Most of the plants are evergreen hard-leaf plants with fine, needle-like leaves, such as the sclerophyllous plants. Another uniquely South African flowering plant group is the genus Protea. There are around 130 different species of Protea in South Africa.
While South Africa has a great wealth of flowering plants, only 1% of South Africa is forest, almost exclusively in the humid coastal plain of KwaZulu-Natal, where there are also areas of Southern Africa mangroves in river mouths. There are even smaller reserves of forests that are out of the reach of fire, known as montane forests. Plantations of imported tree species are predominant, particularly the non-native eucalyptus and pine.
Conservation issues
South Africa has lost a large area of natural habitat in the last four decades, primarily due to overpopulation, sprawling development patterns and deforestation during the 19th century. South Africa is one of the worst affected countries in the world when it comes to invasion by alien species with many (e.g. black wattle, Port Jackson willow, Hakea, Lantana and Jacaranda) posing a significant threat to the native biodiversity and the already scarce water resources. The original temperate forest found by the first European settlers was exploited ruthlessly until only small patches remained. Currently, South African hardwood trees like real yellowwood (Podocarpus latifolius), stinkwood (Ocotea bullata), and South African black ironwood (Olea laurifolia) are under government protection. Statistics from the South African Environmental Affairs department show a record 1215 rhinos have been killed in 2014.[90]
Climate change is expected to bring considerable warming and drying to much of this already semi-arid region, with greater frequency and intensity of extreme weather events such as heatwaves, flooding and drought. According to computer generated climate modelling produced by the South African National Biodiversity Institute[91] parts of southern Africa will see an increase in temperature by about one degree Celsius along the coast to more than four degrees Celsius in the already hot hinterland such as the Northern Cape in late spring and summertime by 2050. The Cape Floral Kingdom, been identified as one of the global biodiversity hotspots, it will be hit very hard by climate change. Drought, increased intensity and frequency of fire and climbing temperatures are expected to push many rare species towards extinction.


Biodiversity of South Africa


King protea, national flower



Fynbos, Cape Floristic Region



Blue crane, national bird



Flowers in the West Coast National Park




Politics and government
Main articles: Government of South Africa, Politics of South Africa, Law of South Africa, and Human rights in South Africa




Union Buildings in Pretoria, seat of the executive






Houses of Parliament in Cape Town, seat of the legislature


South Africa is a parliamentary republic, although unlike most such republics the President is both head of state and head of government, and depends for his tenure on the confidence of Parliament. The executive, legislature and judiciary are all subject to the supremacy of the Constitution, and the superior courts have the power to strike down executive actions and acts of Parliament if they are unconstitutional.
The National Assembly, the lower house of Parliament, consists of 400 members and is elected every five years by a system of party-list proportional representation. The National Council of Provinces, the upper house, consists of ninety members, with each of the nine provincial legislatures electing ten members.
After each parliamentary election, the National Assembly elects one of its members as President; hence the President serves a term of office the same as that of the Assembly, normally five years. No President may serve more than two terms in office.[92] The President appoints a Deputy President and Ministers, who form the Cabinet which consists of Departments and Ministries. The President and the Cabinet may be removed by the National Assembly by a motion of no confidence.




Jacob Zuma, President of South Africa since 2009


In the most recent election, held on 7 May 2014, the African National Congress (ANC) won 62.2% of the vote and 249 seats, while the main opposition, the Democratic Alliance (DA) won 22.2% of the vote and 89 seats. The Economic Freedom Fighters, founded by Julius Malema, the former President of the ANC's Youth Wing who was later expelled from the ANC, won 6.4% of the vote and 25 seats. The ANC has been the governing political party in South Africa since the end of apartheid.
South Africa has no legally defined capital city. The fourth chapter of the Constitution of South Africa, states that "The seat of Parliament is Cape Town, but an Act of Parliament enacted in accordance with section 76(1) and (5) may determine that the seat of Parliament is elsewhere."[93] The country's three branches of government are split over different cities. Cape Town, as the seat of Parliament, is the legislative capital; Pretoria, as the seat of the President and Cabinet, is the administrative capital; and Bloemfontein, as the seat of the Supreme Court of Appeal, is the judicial capital, while the Constitutional Court of South Africa sits in Johannesburg. Most foreign embassies are located in Pretoria.
Since 2004, South Africa has had many thousands of popular protests, some violent, making it, according to one academic, the "most protest-rich country in the world".[94] There have been a number of incidents of political repression as well as threats of future repression in violation of this constitution leading some analysts and civil society organisations to conclude that there is or could be a new climate of political repression,[95][96] or a decline in political tolerance.[97]
In 2008, South Africa placed 5th out of 48 sub-Saharan African countries on the Ibrahim Index of African Governance. South Africa scored well in the categories of Rule of Law, Transparency & Corruption and Participation & Human Rights, but was let down by its relatively poor performance in Safety & Security.[98] In November 2006, South Africa became the first African country to legalise same-sex marriage.[99]
Law
See also: Crime in South Africa




Constitutional Court in Johannesburg


The Constitution of South Africa is the supreme rule of law in the country. The primary sources of South African law are Roman-Dutch mercantile law and personal law with English Common law, as imports of Dutch settlements and British colonialism.[100] The first European based law in South Africa was brought by the Dutch East India Company and is called Roman-Dutch law. It was imported before the codification of European law into the Napoleonic Code and is comparable in many ways to Scots law. This was followed in the 19th century by English law, both common and statutory. Starting in 1910 with unification, South Africa had its own parliament which passed laws specific for South Africa, building on those previously passed for the individual member colonies.
The judicial system consists of the magistrates' courts, which hear lesser criminal cases and smaller civil cases; the High Courts, which are courts of general jurisdiction for specific areas; the Supreme Court of Appeal, which is the highest court in all but constitutional matters; and the Constitutional Court, which hears only constitutional matters.




Soweto Pride 2012 participants protest against violence against lesbians. Human Rights in the country are widely positivized into laws but some groups still are socially discriminated. It is the first country in Africa recognizing same sex marriage.


Nearly 50 murders are committed each day in South Africa.[101] In the year ended March 2014 there were 17,068 murders and the murder rate was 32.2 per 100,000 - about five times higher than the global average of 6 per 100,000.[102] Middle-class South Africans seek security in gated communities.[103] The private security industry in South Africa is the largest in the world,[104] with nearly 9,000 registered companies and 400,000 registered active private security guards, more than the South African police and army combined.[105] Many emigrants from South Africa also state that crime was a big motivator for them to leave.[106] Crime against the farming community has continued to be a major problem.[107]
It is estimated that 500,000 women are raped in South Africa every year[108] with the average woman more likely to be raped than complete secondary school.[109] A 2009 survey found one in four South African men admitted to raping someone[110] and another survey found one in three women out of 4000 surveyed women said they had been raped in the past year.[111] Rapes are also perpetrated by children (some as young as ten).[112] Child and baby rape incidences are some of the highest in the world, largely as a result of the virgin cleansing myth, and a number of high-profile cases (sometimes as young as eight months[112]) have outraged the nation.[113]
Foreign relations
Main article: Foreign relations of South Africa




Leaders of the BRICS nations at the G-20 summit in Hangzhou, 2016


As the Union of South Africa, the country was a founding member of the United Nations. The then Prime Minister Jan Smuts wrote the preamble to the United Nations Charter.[114][115] South Africa is one of the founding members of the African Union (AU), and has the second largest economy of all the members. It is also a founding member of the AU's New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD).
South Africa has played a key role as a mediator in African conflicts over the last decade, such as in Burundi, the Democratic Republic of Congo, the Comoros, and Zimbabwe. After apartheid ended, South Africa was readmitted to the Commonwealth of Nations. The country is a member of the Group of 77 and chaired the organisation in 2006. South Africa is also a member of the Southern African Development Community, South Atlantic Peace and Cooperation Zone, Southern African Customs Union, Antarctic Treaty System, World Trade Organization, International Monetary Fund, G20, G8+5, and the Port Management Association of Eastern and Southern Africa.
South African President Jacob Zuma and Chinese President Hu Jintao upgraded bilateral ties between the two countries on 24 August 2010, when they signed the Beijing Agreement, which elevated South Africa's earlier "strategic partnership" with China to the higher level of "comprehensive strategic partnership" in both economic and political affairs, including the strengthening of exchanges between their respective ruling parties and legislatures.[116][117] In April 2011, South Africa formally joined the Brazil-Russia-India-China (BRICS) grouping of countries, identified by President Zuma as the country's largest trading partners, and also the largest trading partners with Africa as a whole. Zuma asserted that BRICS member countries would also work with each other through the UN, the Group of Twenty (G20) and the India, Brazil South Africa (IBSA) forum.[118]
Military
Main article: South African National Defence Force




SANDF soldiers


The South African National Defence Force (SANDF) was created in 1994,[119][120] as an all volunteer force composed of the former South African Defence Force, the forces of the African nationalist groups (Umkhonto we Sizwe and Azanian People's Liberation Army), and the former Bantustan defence forces.[119] The SANDF is subdivided into four branches, the South African Army, the South African Air Force, the South African Navy, and the South African Military Health Service.[121] In recent years, the SANDF has become a major peacekeeping force in Africa,[122] and has been involved in operations in Lesotho, the Democratic Republic of the Congo,[122] and Burundi,[122] amongst others. It has also served in multi-national UN peacekeeping forces such as the United Nations Force Intervention Brigade for example.
South Africa is the only African country to have successfully developed nuclear weapons. It became the first country (followed by Ukraine) with nuclear capability to voluntarily renounce and dismantle its programme and in the process signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 1991.[123] South Africa undertook a nuclear weapons programme in the 1970s[123] According to former state president FW de Klerk, the decision to build a "nuclear deterrent" was taken "as early as 1974 against a backdrop of a Soviet expansionist threat."[124] South Africa is alleged to have conducted a nuclear test over the Atlantic in 1979,[125] although this is officially denied. Former president FW de Klerk maintained that South Africa had "never conducted a clandestine nuclear test."[124] Six nuclear devices were completed between 1980 and 1990, but all were dismantled before South Africa signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty in 1991.[124]
Administrative divisions
Main article: Provinces of South Africa




Provinces of South Africa


Each of the nine provinces is governed by a unicameral legislature, which is elected every five years by party-list proportional representation. The legislature elects a Premier as head of government, and the Premier appoints an Executive Council as a provincial cabinet. The powers of provincial governments are limited to topics listed in the Constitution; these topics include such fields as health, education, public housing and transport.
The provinces are in turn divided into 52 districts: 8 metropolitan and 44 district municipalities. The district municipalities are further subdivided into 226 local municipalities. The metropolitan municipalities, which govern the largest urban agglomerations, perform the functions of both district and local municipalities.


Province
Provincial capital
Largest city
Area (km2)[126]
Population (2013)[4]


Eastern Cape
Bhisho
Port Elizabeth
168,966
6,620,100


Free State
Bloemfontein
Bloemfontein
129,825
2,753,200


Gauteng
Johannesburg
Johannesburg
18,178
12,728,400


KwaZulu-Natal
Pietermaritzburg
Durban
94,361
10,456,900


Limpopo
Polokwane
Polokwane
125,754
5,518,000


Mpumalanga
Nelspruit
Mbombela
76,495
4,128,000


North West
Mahikeng
Rustenburg
104,882
3,597,600


Northern Cape
Kimberley
Kimberley
372,889
1,162,900


Western Cape
Cape Town
Cape Town
129,462
6,016,900


Economy




Annual per capita personal income by ethnic group in South Africa relative to white levels


Main article: Economy of South Africa




The JSE is the largest stock exchange on the African continent.


South Africa has a mixed economy, the second-largest in Africa after Nigeria. It also has a relatively high GDP per capita compared to other countries in Sub-Saharan Africa ($11,750 at PPP as of 2012). Despite this, South Africa is still burdened by a relatively high rate of poverty and unemployment, and is also ranked in the Top 10 countries in the world for income inequality,[127][128][129] measured by the Gini coefficient.
Unlike most of the world's poor countries, South Africa does not have a thriving informal economy. Only 15% of South African jobs are in the informal sector, compared with around half in Brazil and India and nearly three-quarters in Indonesia. The OECD attributes this difference to South Africa's widespread welfare system.[130] World Bank research shows that South Africa has one of the widest gaps between per capita GNP versus its Human Development Index ranking, with only Botswana showing a larger gap.[131]
After 1994, government policy brought down inflation, stabilised public finances, and some foreign capital was attracted, however growth was still subpar.[132] From 2004 onwards, economic growth picked up significantly; both employment and capital formation increased.[132] During the presidency of Jacob Zuma, the government has begun to increase the role of state-owned enterprises. Some of the biggest state-owned companies are Eskom, the electric power monopoly, South African Airways (SAA), and Transnet, the railway and ports monopoly. Some of these state-owned companies have not been profitable, such as SAA, which has required bailouts totaling R30,000,000,000 ($2,300,000,000) over twenty years.[133]
South Africa is a popular tourist destination, and a substantial amount of revenue comes from tourism.[134] Illegal immigrants are involved in informal trading.[135] Many emigrants to South Africa continue to live in poor conditions, and the immigration policy has become increasingly restrictive since 1994.[136]
Principal international trading partners of South Africa—outside Africa—include: Germany, the United States, China, Japan, the United Kingdom and Spain.[137]
The South African agricultural industry contributes around 10% of formal employment, relatively low compared to other parts of Africa, as well as providing work for casual labourers and contributing around 2.6% of GDP for the nation.[138] Due to the aridity of the land, only 13.5% of the land can be used for crop production, and only 3% is considered high potential land.[139]
In August 2013, South Africa was ranked as the top African Country of the Future by FDi magazine based on the country's economic potential, labour environment, cost-effectiveness, infrastructure, business friendliness, and Foreign direct investment Strategy.[140]
The FSI ranks South Africa as the 36th safest tax haven in the world, ahead of the Philippines but behind the Bahamas.
Labour market




Workers packing pears for export in the Ceres valley


During 1995–2003, the number of formal jobs decreased and informal jobs increased; overall unemployment worsened.[60]
The government's Black Economic Empowerment policies have drawn criticism from Neva Makgetla, lead economist for research and information at the Development Bank of Southern Africa, for focusing "almost exclusively on promoting individual ownership by black people (which) does little to address broader economic disparities, though the rich may become more diverse."[141] Official affirmative action policies have seen a rise in black economic wealth and an emerging black middle-class.[142] Other problems include state ownership and interference, which impose high barriers to entry in many areas.[143] Restrictive labour regulations have contributed to the unemployment malaise.[60]
Along with many other African countries, South Africa has been experiencing a "brain drain" within the past twenty years. This is believed to be potentially damaging for the regional economy,[144][not in citation given][clarification needed] and is almost certainly detrimental for the well-being of those reliant on the healthcare infrastructure.[145] The skills drain in South Africa tends to demonstrate racial contours given the skills distribution legacy of South Africa and has thus resulted in large white South African communities moving abroad.[146] However, the statistics which purport to show a brain drain are disputed and also do not account for repatriation and expiry of foreign work contracts. According to several surveys[147][148] there has been a reverse in brain drain following the global financial crisis of 2008-2009 and the expiry of foreign work contracts. In the first quarter of 2011, confidence levels for graduate professionals were recorded at a level of 84% in a PPS survey.[149]
Science and technology
Main article: Science and technology in South Africa




Mark Shuttleworth in space


Several important scientific and technological developments have originated in South Africa. The first human-to-human heart transplant was performed by cardiac surgeon Dr. Christiaan Barnard at Groote Schuur Hospital in December 1967, Max Theiler developed a vaccine against yellow fever, Allan McLeod Cormack pioneered x-ray computed tomography, and Aaron Klug developed crystallographic electron microscopy techniques. With the exception of that of Barnard, all of these advancements were recognised with Nobel Prizes. Sydney Brenner won most recently, in 2002, for his pioneering work in molecular biology.
Mark Shuttleworth founded an early Internet security company Thawte, that was subsequently bought out by world-leader VeriSign. Despite government efforts to encourage entrepreneurship in biotechnology, IT and other high technology fields, no other notable groundbreaking companies have been founded in South Africa. It is the expressed objective of the government to transition the economy to be more reliant on high technology, based on the realisation that South Africa cannot compete with Far Eastern economies in manufacturing, nor can the republic rely on its mineral wealth in perpetuity.
South Africa has cultivated a burgeoning astronomy community. It hosts the Southern African Large Telescope, the largest optical telescope in the Southern Hemisphere. South Africa is currently building the Karoo Array Telescope as a pathfinder for the €1,500,000,000 Square Kilometre Array project.[150] On 25 May 2012, it was announced that hosting of the Square Kilometer Array Telescope will be split over both the South African and the Australia/New Zealand sites.[151]
Water supply and sanitation
Main article: Water supply and sanitation in South Africa
After the end of Apartheid, South Africa's newly elected ANC government struggled with the-then growing service and backlogs with respect to access to Water supply and Sanitation developed. The government thus made a strong commitment to high service standards and to high levels of investment subsidies to achieve those standards. Since then, the country has made some progress with regard to improving access to water supply: It reached universal access to an improved water source in urban areas, and in rural areas the share of those with access increased from 66% to 79% from 1990 to 2010.[152]
South Africa also has a strong water industry with a track record in innovation. However, much less progress has been achieved on sanitation: Access increased only from 71% to 79% during the same period.[152] Significant problems remain concerning the financial sustainability of service providers, leading to a lack of attention to maintenance. The uncertainty about the government's ability to sustain funding levels in the sector is also a concern. Two distinctive features of the South African water sector are the policy of free basic water and the existence of water boards, which are bulk water supply agencies that operate pipelines and sell water from reservoirs to municipalities.
In May 2014, it was announced that Durban's Water and Sanitation Department won the Stockholm Industry Water Award "for its transformative and inclusive approach", calling it "one of the most progressive utilities in the world". The city has connected 1,300,000 additional people to piped water and provided 700,000 with access to toilets in fourteen years. It also was South Africa's first municipality to put free basic water for the poor into practice. Furthermore, it has promoted Rainwater harvesting and mini hydropower.[153]
Demographics
Main article: Demographics of South Africa




Migrations that formed the modern Rainbow Nation






Map of population density in South Africa




  <1 /km2
  1–3 /km2
  3–10 /km2
  10–30 /km2
  30–100 /km2



  100–300 /km2
  300–1000 /km2
  1000–3000 /km2
  >3000 /km2






South Africa is a nation of about 55,000,000 (2016 estimate) people of diverse origins, cultures, languages, and religions. The last census was held in 2011. South Africa is home to an estimated 5,000,000 illegal immigrants, including some 3,000,000 Zimbabweans.[154][155][156] A series of anti-immigrant riots occurred in South Africa beginning on 11 May 2008.[157][158]
Statistics South Africa asks people to describe themselves in the census in terms of five racial population groups.[159] The 2011 census figures for these groups were Black African at 79.2%, White at 8.9%, Coloured at 8.9%, Asian at 2.5%, and Other/Unspecified at 0.5%.[5]:21 The first census in South Africa in 1911 showed that whites made up 22% of the population; it declined to 16% in 1980.[160]
South Africa hosts a sizeable refugee and asylum seeker population. According to the World Refugee Survey 2008, published by the US Committee for Refugees and Immigrants, this population numbered approximately 144,700 people in 2007.[161] Groups of refugees and asylum seekers numbering over 10,000 included people from Zimbabwe (48,400), The Democratic Republic of the Congo (24,800), and Somalia (12,900).[161] These populations mainly lived in Johannesburg, Pretoria, Durban, Cape Town, and Port Elizabeth.[161] Many refugees have now also started to work and live in rural areas in provinces such as Mpumalanga, KwaZulu-Natal and the Eastern Cape.
Languages
Main article: Languages of South Africa




A map showing the dominant South African languages.



  Afrikaans
  English
  Ndebele
  Xhosa
  Zulu
  Northern Sotho



  Sotho
  Tswana
  Swazi
  Venda
  Tsonga
  None dominant






South Africa has eleven official languages:[162] Afrikaans, English, Ndebele, Northern Sotho, Sotho, Swazi, Tswana, Tsonga, Venda, Xhosa, and Zulu. In this regard it is third only to Bolivia and India in number. While all the languages are formally equal, some languages are spoken more than others. According to the 2011 census, the three most spoken first languages are Zulu (22.7%), Xhosa (16.0%), and Afrikaans (13.5%).[163] Despite the fact that English is recognised as the language of commerce and science, it ranked fourth, and was listed as the first language of only 9.6% of South Africans in 2011 but remains the de facto lingua franca of the nation.[163]
The country also recognises several unofficial languages, including Fanagalo, Khoe, Lobedu, Nama, Northern Ndebele, Phuthi, and South African Sign Language.[164] These unofficial languages may be used in certain official uses in limited areas where it has been determined that these languages are prevalent.
Many of the unofficial languages of the San and Khoikhoi people contain regional dialects stretching northwards into Namibia and Botswana, and elsewhere. These people, who are a physically distinct population from other Africans, have their own cultural identity based on their hunter-gatherer societies. They have been marginalised to a great extent, and the remainder of their languages are in danger of becoming extinct.
Many White South Africans also speak European languages, including Portuguese (also spoken by Black Angolans and Mozambicans), German, and Greek, while some Asians in South Africa speak Asian languages, such as Gujarati, Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, and Urdu. French is spoken in South Africa by immigrants from French-speaking parts of Africa.
Urban centres



 


v
t
e


Largest cities or towns in South Africa
2011 Census



Rank
Name
Province
Pop.


1
City of Johannesburg
Gauteng
4,434,827[165]


2
City of Cape Town
Western Cape
3,740,026[166]


3
EThekwini Metropolitan Municipality
KwaZulu-Natal
3,442,361[167]


4
Ekurhuleni
Gauteng
3,178,470[168]


5
City of Tshwane
Gauteng
2,921,488[169]


6
Nelson Mandela Bay
Eastern Cape
1,152,115[170]


7
Buffalo City Metropolitan Municipality
Eastern Cape
755,200[171]


8
Mangaung
Free State
747,431[172]


9
Emfuleni
Gauteng
721,663[173]


10
Polokwane Local Municipality
Limpopo
628,999 [174]


Religion
Main article: Religion in South Africa




Nederduits Gereformeerde Kerk in Wolmaransstad






Sangoma performing a traditional baptism in Alexandra, Johannesburg


According to the 2001 census, Christians accounted for 79.8% of the population, with a majority of them being members of various Protestant denominations (broadly defined to include syncretic African initiated churches) and a minority of Roman Catholics and other Christians. Christian category includes Zion Christian (11.1%), Pentecostal (Charismatic) (8.2%), Roman Catholic (7.1%), Methodist (6.8%), Dutch Reformed (Nederduits Gereformeerde Kerk; 6.7%), Anglican (3.8%). Members of remaining Christian churches accounted for another 36% of the population. Muslims accounted for 1.5% of the population, Hindus 1.2%, traditional African religion 0.3% and Judaism 0.2%. 15.1% had no religious affiliation, 0.6% were other and 1.4% were unspecified.[137][175][176]
African initiated churches formed the largest of the Christian groups. It was believed that many of the persons who claimed no affiliation with any organised religion adhered to traditional African religion. There are an estimated 200,000 indigenous traditional healers in South Africa, and up to 60% of South Africans consult these healers,[177] generally called sangomas or inyangas. These healers use a combination of ancestral spiritual beliefs and a belief in the spiritual and medicinal properties of local fauna and flora, commonly known as muti, to facilitate healing in clients. Many peoples have syncretic religious practices combining Christian and indigenous influences.[178]
South African Muslims comprise mainly those who are described as "Coloured" and those who are described as Indians. They have been joined by Black or White South African converts as well as others from other parts of Africa.[179] South African Muslims claim that their faith is the fastest-growing religion of conversion in the country, with the number of black Muslims growing sixfold, from 12,000 in 1991 to 74,700 in 2004.[179][180]
South Africa is also home to a substantial Jewish population, descended from European Jews who arrived as a minority among other European settlers. This population peaked in the 1970s at 120,000, though only around 67,000 remain today, the rest having emigrated. Even so, these numbers make the Jewish community in South Africa the twelfth largest in the world.[181]
Ethnic Indian Hindus form another significant portion of the population.[175]
Culture
Main article: Culture of South Africa




Decorated houses, Drakensberg


The South African black majority still has a substantial number of rural inhabitants who lead largely impoverished lives. It is among these people that cultural traditions survive most strongly; as Blacks have become increasingly urbanised and Westernised, aspects of traditional culture have declined. Members of the middle-class, who are predominantly White but whose ranks include growing numbers of Black, Coloured and Indian people,[182] have lifestyles similar in many respects to that of people found in Western Europe, North America and Australasia.
The South African Scout Association was one of the first youth organisations to open its doors to youth and adults of all races in South Africa. This happened on 2 July 1977 at a conference known as Quo Vadis.[183]
Arts




Eland, rock painting, Drakensberg


South African art includes the oldest art objects in the world, which were discovered in a South African cave, and dated from 75,000 years ago.[184] The scattered tribes of Khoisan peoples moving into South Africa from around 10,000 BC had their own fluent art styles seen today in a multitude of cave paintings. They were superseded by Bantu/Nguni peoples with their own vocabularies of art forms. New forms of art evolved in the mines and townships: a dynamic art using everything from plastic strips to bicycle spokes. The Dutch-influenced folk art of the Afrikaner Trekboers and the urban white artists earnestly following changing European traditions from the 1850s onwards also contributed to this eclectic mix, which continues to evolve today.




Olive Schreiner


South African literature emerged from a unique social and political history. One of the first well-known novels written by a Black author in an African language was Solomon Thekiso Plaatje's Mhudi, written in 1930. During the 1950s, Drum magazine became a hotbed of political satire, fiction, and essays, giving a voice to urban Black culture.
Notable White South African authors include Alan Paton, who published the acclaimed novel Cry, the Beloved Country in 1948. Nadine Gordimer became the first South African to be awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1991. Her most famous novel, July's People, was released in 1981. J.M. Coetzee won the Nobel Prize for Literature, in 2003. When awarding the prize, the Swedish Academy stated that Coetzee "in innumerable guises portrays the surprising involvement of the outsider".[185]
The plays of Athol Fugard have been regularly premiered in fringe theatres in South Africa, London (The Royal Court Theatre) and New York. Olive Schreiner's The Story of an African Farm (1883) was a revelation in Victorian literature: it is heralded by many as introducing feminism into the novel form.
Breyten Breytenbach was jailed for his involvement with the guerrilla movement against apartheid. Andre Brink was the first Afrikaner writer to be banned by the government after he released the novel A Dry White Season.
Popular culture
The South African media sector is large, and South Africa is one of Africa's major media centres. While South Africa's many broadcasters and publications reflect the diversity of the population as a whole, the most commonly used language is English. However, all ten other official languages are represented to some extent or another.
There is great diversity in South African music. Black musicians have developed a unique style called Kwaito. Kwaito is said to have taken over radio, television, and magazines.[186] Of note is Brenda Fassie, who launched to fame with her song "Weekend Special", which was sung in English. More famous traditional musicians include Ladysmith Black Mambazo, while the Soweto String Quartet performs classic music with an African flavour. South Africa has produced world-famous jazz musicians, notably Hugh Masekela, Jonas Gwangwa, Abdullah Ibrahim, Miriam Makeba, Jonathan Butler, Chris McGregor, and Sathima Bea Benjamin. Afrikaans music covers multiple genres, such as the contemporary Steve Hofmeyr, the punk rock band Fokofpolisiekar and the singer-songwriter Jeremy Loops.
Although few South African film productions are known outside South Africa itself, many foreign films have been produced about South Africa. Arguably, the most high-profile film portraying South Africa in recent years was District 9. Other notable exceptions are the film Tsotsi, which won the Academy Award for Foreign Language Film at the 78th Academy Awards in 2006 as well as U-Carmen e-Khayelitsha, which won the Golden Bear at the 2005 Berlin International Film Festival. In 2015, Oliver Hermanus' film, The Endless River, became the first South African film selected for the Venice Film Festival.
Cuisine
Main article: South African cuisine




Meat on a traditional South African braai


South African culture is diverse; foods from many cultures are enjoyed by all and especially marketed to tourists who wish to sample the large variety of South African cuisine. In addition to food, music and dance feature prominently.[citation needed]
South African cuisine is heavily meat-based and has spawned the distinctively South African social gathering known as a braai, or barbecue. South Africa has also developed into a major wine producer, with some of the best vineyards lying in valleys around Stellenbosch, Franschhoek, Paarl and Barrydale.[187]
Sports
Main article: Sport in South Africa
South Africa's most popular sports are soccer, rugby and cricket.[188] Other sports with significant support are swimming, athletics, golf, boxing, tennis, ringball, and netball. Although soccer commands the greatest following among the youth, other sports like basketball, surfing and skateboarding are increasingly popular.
Soccer players who have played for major foreign clubs include Steven Pienaar, Lucas Radebe and Philemon Masinga, Benni McCarthy, Aaron Mokoena, and Delron Buckley. South Africa, hosted the 2010 FIFA World Cup, and FIFA president Sepp Blatter awarded South Africa a grade 9 out of 10 for successfully hosting the event. The 2010 FIFA World Cup also marked the first time the competition had been hosted on the African continent.[189]




The Springboks in a bus parade after winning the 2007 Rugby World Cup


Famous boxing personalities include Baby Jake Jacob Matlala, Vuyani Bungu, Welcome Ncita, Dingaan Thobela, Gerrie Coetzee and Brian Mitchell. Durban Surfer Jordy Smith won the 2010 Billabong J-Bay competition making him the #1 ranked surfer in the world. South Africa produced Formula One motor racing's 1979 world champion Jody Scheckter. Famous current cricket players include AB de Villiers, Hashim Amla, Dale Steyn, Vernon Philander, Faf du Plessis etc. Most of them also participate in the Indian Premier League.
South Africa has also produced numerous world class rugby players, including Francois Pienaar, Joost van der Westhuizen, Danie Craven, Frik du Preez, Naas Botha and Bryan Habana. South Africa hosted and won the 1995 Rugby World Cup and won the 2007 Rugby World Cup in France. It followed the 1995 Rugby World Cup by hosting the 1996 African Cup of Nations, with the national team going on to win the tournament. It also hosted the 2003 Cricket World Cup, the 2007 World Twenty20 Championship. South Africa has also won the inaugural edition of the 1998 ICC KnockOut Trophy by defeating West Indies in the final.South Africa team also went onto win the inaugural edition of the Blind Cricket World Cup in 1998.
In 2004, the swimming team of Roland Schoeman, Lyndon Ferns, Darian Townsend and Ryk Neethling won the gold medal at the Olympic Games in Athens, simultaneously breaking the world record in the 4x100 freestyle relay. Penny Heyns won Olympic Gold in the 1996 Atlanta Olympic Games. In 2012, Oscar Pistorius became the first double amputee sprinter to compete at the Olympic Games in London. In golf, Gary Player is generally regarded as one of the greatest golfers of all time, having won the Career Grand Slam, one of five golfers to have done so. Other South African golfers to have won major tournaments include Bobby Locke, Ernie Els, Retief Goosen, Tim Clark, Trevor Immelman, Louis Oosthuizen and Charl Schwartzel.
Education
Main article: Education in South Africa




Schoolchildren in Mitchell's Plain


The adult literacy rate in 2007 was 88.7%.[190] South Africa has a 3-tier system of education starting with primary school, followed by high school and tertiary education in the form of (academic) universities and universities of technology. Learners have twelve years of formal schooling, from Grades 1-12. Grade R is a pre-primary foundation year. [191] Primary schools span the first seven years of schooling.[192] High School education spans a further five years. The Senior Certificate examination takes place at the end of Grade 12 and is necessary for tertiary studies at a South African university.[191]
Public universities in South Africa are divided into three types: traditional universities, which offer theoretically-oriented university degrees; universities of technology ("Technikons"), which offer vocational oriented diplomas and degrees; and comprehensive universities, which offer both types of qualifications. There are 23 public universities in South Africa: 11 traditional universities, 6 universities of technology and 6 comprehensive universities.
Under apartheid, schools for Blacks were subject to discrimination through inadequate funding and a separate syllabus called Bantu Education which was only designed to give them sufficient skills to work as labourers.[193] In 2004, South Africa started reforming its higher education system, merging and incorporating smaller universities into larger institutions, and renaming all higher education institutions "university" to redress these imbalances. By 2015, 1,400,000 students in higher education have benefited from a financial aid scheme which was promulgated in 1999.[194]
Public expenditure on education was at 5.4% of the 2002–05 GDP.[195]
Health
Main article: Health in South Africa




AIDS has caused a fall in life expectancy.


According to the South African Institute of Race Relations, the life expectancy in 2009 was 71 years for a White South African and 48 years for a Black South African.[196] The healthcare spending in the country is about 9% of GDP.[197]
Only 16% of the population is covered by medical schemes.[198] About 20% use private healthcare.[199] The rest pay "out of pocket" or through hospital cash plans.[199] The three dominant hospital groups, Mediclinic, Life Healthcare and Netcare, together control 75% of the market.[199] About 84% of the population depend on the public healthcare system,[197] which is beset with chronic human resource shortages and limited resources.[200]
South Africa is home to the third-largest hospital in the world, the Chris Hani Baragwanath Hospital.[201]
HIV/AIDS
Main article: HIV/AIDS in South Africa
According to the 2015 UNAIDS Report, South Africa has an estimated 7,000,000 people living with HIV– more than any other country in the world.[202] A 2008 study revealed that HIV/AIDS infection in South Africa is distinctly divided along racial lines: 13.6% of Blacks are HIV-positive, whereas only 0.3% of Whites have the disease.[203] Most deaths are experienced by economically active individuals, resulting in many AIDS orphans who in many cases depend on the state for care and financial support.[204] It is estimated that there are 1,200,000 orphaned children in South Africa.[204]
The link between HIV, a virus spread primarily by sexual contact, and AIDS was long denied by prior president Thabo Mbeki and then health minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang, who insisted that the many deaths in the country are due to malnutrition, and hence poverty, and not HIV.[205] In 2007, in response to international pressure, the government made efforts to fight AIDS.[206] After the 2009 general election, President Jacob Zuma appointed Dr Aaron Motsoaledi as the new minister and committed his government to increasing funding for and widening the scope of AIDS treatment.[207]
See also


South Africa portal







Book: South Africa





Index of South Africa-related articles
Outline of South Africa


Notes



^ The Khoi, Nama and San languages, South African Sign Language, German, Greek, Gujarati, Hindi, Portuguese, Telugu, Tamil, Urdu, Arabic, Hebrew, Sanskrit and "other languages used for religious purposes in South Africa" have a special status (Chapter 1, Article 6 of the South African Constitution).



References


^ "The Constitution". Constitutional Court of South Africa. Retrieved 3 September 2009. 
^ "Principal Agglomerations of the World". Citypopulation.de. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ Mid-year population estimates 2014. Statistics South Africa
^ a b "Mid-year population estimates 2015" (PDF). Statistics South Africa. Retrieved 11 August 2015. 
^ a b c Census 2011: Census in brief (PDF). Pretoria: Statistics South Africa. 2012. ISBN 9780621413885. Retrieved 12 January 2013. [permanent dead link]
^ a b c d e "South Africa". International Monetary Fund. Retrieved 26 April 2015. 
^ "Gini Index". World Bank. Retrieved 2 March 2011. 
^ "2015 Human Development Report" (PDF). United Nations Development Programme. 2015. Retrieved 15 December 2015. 
^ "South African Maritime Safety Authority". South African Maritime Safety Authority. Retrieved 16 June 2008. 
^ "Coastline". The World Factbook. CIA. Retrieved 16 June 2008. 
^ a b c d "South Africa Fast Facts". SouthAfrica.info. April 2007. Retrieved 14 June 2008. 
^ Guy Arnold. "Lesotho: Year In Review 1996 – Britannica Online Encyclopedia". Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Rainbow Nation – dream or reality?". BBC News. 18 July 2008. Retrieved 10 August 2013. 
^ "South Africa". World Bank. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ David Waugh (2000). "Manufacturing industries (chapter 19), World development (chapter 22)". Geography: An Integrated Approach. Nelson Thornes. pp. 563, 576–579, 633, 640. ISBN 978-0-17-444706-1. Retrieved 24 August 2013. 
^ "South Africa's Unemployment Rate Increases to 23.5%". Bloomberg. 5 May 2009. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ "HDI" (PDF). UNDP. Archived from the original (PDF) on 19 December 2008. 
^ Cooper, Andrew F; Antkiewicz, Agata; Shaw, Timothy M (10 December 2007). "Lessons from/for BRICSAM about South-North Relations at the Start of the 21st Century: Economic Size Trumps All Else?". International Studies Review. 9 (4): 675, 687. doi:10.1111/j.1468-2486.2007.00730.x. 
^ David A. Lynch (2010). Trade and Globalization: An Introduction to Regional Trade Agreements. Rowman & Littlefield. p. 51. ISBN 978-0-7425-6689-7. Retrieved 25 August 2013. Southern Africa is home to the other of sub-Saharan Africa's regional powers: South Africa. South Africa is more than just a regional power; it is currently the most developed and economically powerful country in Africa, and now it is able to use that influence in Africa more than during the days of apartheid, when it was ostracised. 
^ Livermon, Xavier (2008). "Sounds in the City". In Nuttall, Sarah; Mbembé, Achille. Johannesburg: The Elusive Metropolis. Durham: Duke University Press. p. 283. ISBN 9780822381211. Mzansi is another black urban vernacular term popular with the youth and standing for South Africa. 
^ "Mzansi DiToloki". Deaf Federation of South Africa. Archived from the original on 16 January 2014. Retrieved 15 January 2014. uMzantsi in Xhosa means 'south', Mzansi means this country, South Africa 
^ Taylor, Darren. "South African Party Says Call Their Country ‘Azania’". VOA. Retrieved 18 February 2017. 
^ Wymer, John; Singer, R (1982). The Middle Stone Age at Klasies River Mouth in South Africa. Chicago: University of Chicago Press. ISBN 0-226-76103-7. 
^ Deacon, HJ (2001). "Guide to Klasies River" (PDF). Stellenbosch University. p. 11. Retrieved 5 September 2009. 
^ "Fossil Hominid Sites of Sterkfontein, Swartkrans, Kromdraai, and Environs". 
^ Stephen P. Broker. "Hominid Evolution". Yale-New Haven Teachers Institute. Retrieved 19 June 2008. 
^ Langer, William L., ed. (1972). An Encyclopedia of World History (5th ed.). Boston, MA: Houghton Mifflin Company. p. 9. ISBN 0-395-13592-3. 
^ Domville-Fife, C.W. (1900). The encyclopedia of the British Empire the first encyclopedic record of the greatest empire in the history of the world ed. London: Rankin. p. 25. 
^ Mackenzie, W. Douglas; Stead, Alfred (1899). South Africa: Its History, Heroes, and Wars. Chicago: The Co-Operative Publishing Company. 
^ Pakeman, SA. Nations of the Modern World: Ceylon (1964 ed.). Frederick A Praeger, Publishers. pp. 18–19. ASIN B0000CM2VW. 
^ a b c Alexander Wilmot & John Centlivres Chase. History of the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope: From Its Discovery to the Year 1819 (2010 ed.). Claremont: David Philip (Pty) Ltd. pp. 1–548. ISBN 978-1144830159. 
^ Kaplan, Irving. Area Handbook for the Republic of South Africa (PDF). pp. 46–771. 
^ "African History Timeline". West Chester University of Pennsylvania. 
^ a b Hunt, John (2005). Campbell, Heather-Ann, ed. Dutch South Africa: Early Settlers at the Cape, 1652-1708. Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press. pp. 13–35. ISBN 978-1904744955. 
^ Worden, Nigel. Slavery in Dutch South Africa (2010 ed.). Cambridge University Press. pp. 40–43. ISBN 978-0521152662. 
^ a b Nelson, Harold. Zimbabwe: A Country Study. pp. 237–317. 
^ a b c d e Stapleton, Timothy (2010). A Military History of South Africa: From the Dutch-Khoi Wars to the End of Apartheid. Santa Barbara: Praeger Security International. pp. 4–6. ISBN 978-0313365898. 
^ Keegan, Timothy. Colonial South Africa and the Origins of the Racial Order (1996 ed.). David Philip Publishers (Pty) Ltd. pp. 85–86. ISBN 978-0813917351. 
^ a b c Lloyd, Trevor Owen (1997). The British Empire, 1558-1995. Oxford: Oxford University Press. pp. 201–203. ISBN 978-0198731337. 
^ "Shaka: Zulu Chieftain". Historynet.com. Archived from the original on 9 February 2008. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Shaka (Zulu chief)". Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ W. D. Rubinstein (2004). Genocide: A History. Pearson Longman. p. 22. ISBN 978-0-582-50601-5. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Williams, Garner F (1905). The Diamond Mines of South Africa, Vol II. New York: B. F Buck & Co. pp. Chapter XX. 
^ Bond, Patrick (1999). Cities of gold, townships of coal: essays on South Africa's new urban crisis. Africa World Press. p. 140. ISBN 978-0-86543-611-4. 
^ Cape of Good Hope (South Africa). Parliament House. (1906). "Report of the Select Committee on Location Act". Cape Times Limited. Retrieved 30 July 2009. 
^ Godley, Godfrey Archibald, Welsh, William Thomson, Hemsworth, H. D (1920). "Report of the Inter-departmental committee on the native pass laws". Cape Times Limited, government printers: 2. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Great Britain Colonial Office; Transvaal (Colony). Governor (1901–1905: Milner) (January 1902). "Papers relating to legislation affecting natives in the Transvaal". His Majesty's Stationery Office. 
^ De Villiers, John Abraham Jacob (1896). The Transvaal. London: Chatto & Windus. pp. 30 (n46). Retrieved 30 July 2009. 
^  Cana, Frank Richardson (1911). "South Africa". In Chisholm, Hugh. Encyclopædia Britannica. 25 (11th ed.). Cambridge University Press. p. 467. 
^ "Native Land Act". South African Institute of Race Relations. 19 June 1913. Archived from the original on 14 October 2010. 
^ Beinart, William (2001). Twentieth-century South Africa. Oxford University Press. p. 202. ISBN 978-0-19-289318-5.
^ "Hendrik Frensch Verwoerd". South African History Online. Retrieved 9 March 2013. On 5 October 1960 a referendum was held in which White voters were asked "Do you support a republic for the Union?" — 52 percent voted 'Yes'. 
^ Gibson, Nigel; Alexander, Amanda; Mngxitama, Andile (2008). Biko Lives! Contesting the Legacies of Steve Biko. Hampshire: Palgrave Macmillan. p. 138. ISBN 978-0230606494. 
^ Switzer, Les (2000). South Africa's Resistance Press: Alternative Voices in the Last Generation Under Apartheid. Issue 74 of Research in international studies: Africa series. Ohio University Press. p. 2. ISBN 9780896802131. 
^ Mitchell, Thomas (2008). Native vs Settler: Ethnic Conflict in Israel/Palestine, Northern Ireland and South Africa. Westport: Greenwood Publishing Group. pp. 194–196. ISBN 978-0313313578. 
^ Bridgland, Fred (1990). The War for Africa: Twelve months that transformed a continent. Gibraltar: Ashanti Publishing. p. 32. ISBN 978-1-874800-12-5. 
^ Landgren, Signe. Embargo Disimplemented: South Africa's Military Industry (1989 ed.). Oxford University Press. pp. 6–10. ISBN 978-0-19-829127-5. 
^ "South Africa Profile". Nti.org. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ John Pike. "Nuclear Weapons Program (South Africa)". Globalsecurity.org. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ a b c "Post-Apartheid South Africa: the First Ten Years – Unemployment and the Labor Market" (PDF). IMF. 
^ "Zuma surprised at level of white poverty — Mail & Guardian Online: The smart news source". Mail & Guardian. 18 April 2008. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ "South Africa". Human Development Report. United Nations Development Programme. 2006. Archived from the original on 29 November 2007. Retrieved 28 November 2007. 
^ "Ridicule succeeds where leadership failed on AIDS". South African Institute of Race Relations. 10 November 2006. Archived from the original on 24 May 2016. 
^ a b "Broke-on-Broke Violence". Retrieved 6 July 2011. 
^ "COHRE statement on Xenophobic Attacks". Retrieved 6 July 2011. 
^ Southern African Migration Project; Institute for Democracy in South Africa; Queen's University (2008). Jonathan Crush, ed. The perfect storm: the realities of xenophobia in contemporary South Africa (PDF). Idasa. p. 1. ISBN 978-1-920118-71-6. Archived from the original (PDF) on 30 July 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ a b c d United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. "UNHCR Global Appeal 2011 – South Africa". UNHCR. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Country Comparison". World Factbook. CIA. 
^ McCarthy, T. & Rubidge, B. (2005). The story of earth and life. p. 263, 267-268. Struik Publishers, Cape Town.
^ a b c d Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 13. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ Encyclopædia Britannica (1975); Micropaedia Vol. III, p. 655. Helen Hemingway Benton Publishers, Chicago.
^ Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 186. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ "Kruger National Park". Africa.com. Archived from the original on 18 December 2014. Retrieved 16 December 2014. 
^ Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 151. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ McCarthy, T. & Rubidge, B. (2005). The story of earth and life. p. 194. Struik Publishers, Cape Town.
^ a b Geological map of South Africa, Lesotho and Swaziland (1970). Council for Geoscience, Geological Survey of South Africa.
^ Encyclopædia Britannica (1975); Micropaedia Vol. VI, p. 750. Helen Hemingway Benton Publishers, Chicago.
^ a b Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 19. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ Atlas of Southern Africa. (1984). p. 113. Readers Digest Association, Cape Town
^ "South Africa's geography — SouthAfrica.info". Safrica.info. Archived from the original on 8 June 2010. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ South Africa yearbook. South African Communication Service. 1997. p. 3. 
^ "List of Parties". Retrieved 8 December 2012. 
^ a b "South Africa's National Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plan" (PDF). Retrieved 10 December 2012. 
^ "Biodiversity of the world by countries". Institutoaqualung.com.br. Archived from the original on 1 November 2010. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ Rong, I. H.; Baxter, A. P. (2006). "The South African National Collection of Fungi: Celebrating a centenary 1905-2005". Studies in Mycology. 55: 1–12. PMC 2104721 . PMID 18490968. doi:10.3114/sim.55.1.1. 
^ Crous, P. W.; Rong, I. H.; Wood, A.; Lee, S.; Glen, H.; Botha, W. l; Slippers, B.; De Beer, W. Z.; Wingfield, M. J.; Hawksworth, D. L. (2006). "How many species of fungi are there at the tip of Africa?". Studies in Mycology. 55: 13–33. PMC 2104731 . PMID 18490969. doi:10.3114/sim.55.1.13. 
^ Marincowitz, S.; Crous, P.W.; Groenewald J.Z. & Wingfield, M.J. (2008). "Microfungi occurring on Proteaceae in the fynbos. CBS Biodiversity Series 7." (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 29 July 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Marco Lambertini. "The Flora / The Richest Botany in the World". A Anturalist's Guide to the Tropics (Revised edition (May 15, 2000) ed.). University Of Chicago Press. p. 46. ISBN 978-0226468280.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ "Plants and Vegetation in South Africa". Southafrica-travel.net. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ Environmental Affairs (22 January 2015). "Progress in the war against poaching". Environmental Affairs. South Africa. Retrieved 22 January 2015. 
^ "South African National Biodiversity Institute". Sanbi.org. 30 September 2011. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Term Limits in Africa". The Economist. 6 April 2006. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Chapter 4 – Parliament". 19 August 2009. Archived from the original on 30 May 2013. Retrieved 3 August 2013. 
^ Abahlali baseMjondolo. "Mercury: Rethinking the crisis of local democracy". Abahlali.org. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ J. Duncan (31 May 2010). "The Return of State Repression". South African Civil Society Information Services. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Increasing police repression highlighted by recent case". Freedom of Expression Institute. 2006. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Imraan Buccus (2011). "Political tolerance on the wane in South Africa". SA Reconciliation Barometer. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "South Africa's recent performance in the Ibrahim Index of African Governance". Mo Ibrahim Foundation. Archived from the original on 18 February 2013. Retrieved 16 February 2013. 
^ "SA marriage law signed". BBC News. 30 November 2006. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Pamela Snyman & Amanda Barratt (2 October 2002). "Researching South African Law". w/ Library Resource Xchange. Archived from the original on 17 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ "How dangerous is South Africa?". BBC News. 17 May 2010. 
^ http://mg.co.za/article/2014-09-22-factsheet-south-africas-official-crime-stats-unpacked/
^ K Landman. "Gated communities in South Africa: Comparison of four case studies in Gauteng" (PDF). Wits University. Retrieved 5 March 2013. [permanent dead link]
^ "South Africa has world's largest private security industry; needs regulation – Mthethwa". DefenceWeb. Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ "Bigger than the army: South Africa's private security forces". CNN. 8 February 2013. Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ "Afrikaner Farmers Migrating to Georgia". VOA. 14 September 2011. Retrieved 3 May 2013. 
^ Adriana Stuijt (17 February 2009). "Two more S. African farmers killed: death toll now at 3,037". Digital Journal. Archived from the original on 20 May 2011. Retrieved 24 May 2011. 
^ "SOUTH AFRICA: One in four men rape". IRIN. 18 June 2009. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "South Africa's corrective rape". Time. 8 March 2011. Retrieved 12 July 2011. 
^ "South African rape survey shock". BBC News. 18 June 2009. Retrieved 23 May 2010. 
^ "South Africa's rape shock". BBC News. 19 January 1999. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ a b "Child rape in South Africa". Medscape. Retrieved 31 December 2010. 
^ Perry, Alex (5 November 2007). "Oprah scandal rocks South Africa". Time. Retrieved 15 May 2011. 
^ Rosalind Rosenberg (Summer 2001). "Virginia Gildersleeve: Opening the Gates (Living Legacies)". Columbia Magazine. 
^ Schlesinger, Stephen E. (2004). Act of Creation: The Founding of the United Nations: A Story of Superpowers, Secret Agents, Wartime Allies and Enemies, and Their Quest for a Peaceful World. Cambridge, Massachusetts: Westview, Perseus Books Group. pp. 236–7. ISBN 0-8133-3275-3. 
^ "China, South Africa upgrade relations to "comprehensive strategic partnership"". Capetown.china-consulate.org. 25 August 2010. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "New era as South Africa joins BRICS". Southafrica.info. 11 April 2011. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "SA brings 'unique attributes' to BRICS". Southafrica.info. 14 April 2011. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ a b "Constitution of the Republic of South Africa Act 200 of 1993 (Section 224)". South African Government. 1993. Archived from the original on 12 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ Col L B van Stade, Senior Staff Officer Rationalisation, SANDF (1997). "Rationalisation in the SANDF: The Next Challenge". Institute for Security Studies. Archived from the original on 16 March 2016. Retrieved 23 June 2008. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "Defence Act 42 of 2002" (PDF). South African Government. 12 February 2003. p. 18. Archived from the original (PDF) on 24 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ a b c Mosiuoa Lekota (5 September 2005). "Address by the Minister of Defence at a media breakfast at Defence Headquarters, Pretoria". Department of Defence. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ a b Lieutenant Colonel Roy E. Horton III (BS, Electrical Engineering; MS, Strategic Intelligence) (October 1999). "Out of (South) Africa: Pretoria's Nuclear Weapons Experience". USAF Institute for National Security Studies. Retrieved 23 June 2008. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ a b c Educational Foundation for Nuclear Science, Inc. (May 1993). "South Africa comes clean". Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists. Educational Foundation for Nuclear Science, Inc. pp. 3–4. ISSN 0096-3402. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ Christine Dodson (22 October 1979). "South Atlantic Nuclear Event (National Security Council, Memorandum)" (PDF). George Washington University under Freedom of Information Act Request. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ Stats in Brief, 2010 (PDF). Pretoria: Statistics South Africa. 2010. p. 3. ISBN 978-0-621-39563-1. 
^ "Inequality in income or expenditure / Gini index, Human Development Report 2007/08". Hdrstats.undp.org. 4 November 2010. Archived from the original on 16 January 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Distribution of family income – Gini index". Cia.gov. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "South Africa has highest gap between rich and poor". Business Report. 28 September 2009. Archived from the original on 23 October 2011. Retrieved 7 November 2010. 
^ "South Africa's economy: How it could do even better.". The Economist. 22 July 2010. Retrieved 17 October 2011. 
^ "DEPWeb: Beyond Economic Growth". The World Bank Group. Retrieved 17 October 2011. 
^ a b "Economic Assessment of South Africa 2008: Achieving Accelerated and Shared Growth for South Africa". OECD. Archived from the original on 9 August 2009. 
^ "Commanding Plights." The Economist 29 August 2015: 37-38. Print.
^ "SA Economic Research – Tourism Update" (PDF). m/ Investec. October 2005. Archived from the original (PDF) on 24 June 2008. Retrieved 23 June 2008. 
^ Solomon, Hussein (1996). "Strategic Perspectives on Illegal Immigration into South Africa". African Security Review. 5 (4): 3. doi:10.1080/10246029.1996.9627681. Archived from the original on 19 October 2005. 
^ Mattes, Robert; Crush, Jonathan & Richmond, Wayne. "The Brain Gain: Skilled Migrants and Immigration Policy in Post-Apartheid South Africa". Southern African Migration Project, Queens College, Canada. Archived from the original on 25 November 2005. 
^ a b "South Africa". The World Factbook. CIA. 
^ Unequal protection the state response to violent crime on South African farms. Human Rights Watch. 2001. ISBN 1-56432-263-7. 
^ Mohamed, Najma (2000). "Greening Land and Agrarian Reform: A Case for Sustainable Agriculture". In Ben Cousins. At the Crossroads: Land and Agrarian Reform in South Africa Into the 21st Century. Programme for Land and Agrarian Studies (PLAAS). ISBN 978-1-86808-467-8. 
^ "African Countries of the Future 2013/14". fDiIntelligence.com. Retrieved 4 December 2013. 
^ Neva Makgetla (31 March 2010). "Inequality on scale found in SA bites like acid". Business Day. South Africa. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Black middle class boosts car sales in South Africa – Business – Mail & Guardian Online". Mail & Guardian. 15 January 2006. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Economic Assessment of South Africa 2008". OECD. Archived from the original on 23 April 2009. 
^ Collier, P. (3 December 2004). "World Bank, IMF study 2004". Journal of African Economies. Jae.oxfordjournals.org. 13: ii15. doi:10.1093/jae/ejh042. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ "Health Personnel in Southern Africa: Confronting maldistribution and brain drain" (PDF). Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ Haroon Bhorat; et al. (2002). "Skilled Labour Migration from Developing Countries: Study on South and Southern Africa" (PDF). International Labour Office. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "South Africa's brain-drain generation returning home". CNN World. 22 April 2009. Archived from the original on 16 December 2010. Retrieved 4 June 2011. 
^ "South Africa's brain drain reversing". Times Live. Retrieved 4 June 2011. 
^ "Graduates confident about SA". Times Live. Retrieved 4 June 2011. 
^ "SKA announces Founding Board and selects Jodrell Bank Observatory to host Project Office". SKA 2011. 2 April 2011. Retrieved 14 April 2011. 
^ "Africa and Australasia to share Square Kilometre Array". BBC. 25 May 2012. 
^ a b WHO/UNICEF:Joint Monitoring Programme for Water Supply and Sanitation:Data table South Africa Archived 9 February 2014 at the Wayback Machine., 2010. Retrieved 3 November 2012
^ ""Most progressive water utility in Africa" wins 2014Stockholm Industry Water Award". Stockholm International Water Institute (SIWI). Retrieved 8 June 2014. 
^ "Anti-immigrant violence spreads in South Africa, with attacks reported in Cape Town – The New York Times". International Herald Tribune. 23 May 2008. Archived from the original on 21 February 2009. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Escape From Mugabe: Zimbabwe's Exodus". Archived from the original on 24 January 2016. 
^ "More illegals set to flood SA". Fin24. Archived from the original on 14 February 2009. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "South African mob kills migrants". BBC. 12 May 2008. Retrieved 19 May 2008. 
^ Barry Bearak (23 May 2008). "Immigrants Fleeing Fury of South African Mobs". The New York Times. Retrieved 5 August 2008. 
^ Lehohla, Pali (5 May 2005). "Debate over race and censuses not peculiar to SA". Business Report. Archived from the original on 14 August 2007. Retrieved 25 August 2013. Others pointed out that the repeal of the Population Registration Act in 1991 removed any legal basis for specifying "race". The Identification Act of 1997 makes no mention of race. On the other hand, the Employment Equity Act speaks of "designated groups" being "black people, women and people with disabilities". The Act defines "Black" as referring to "Africans, coloureds and Indians". Apartheid and the racial identification which underpinned it explicitly linked race with differential access to resources and power. If the post-apartheid order was committed to remedying this, race would have to be included in surveys and censuses, so that progress in eradicating the consequences of apartheid could be measured and monitored. This was the reasoning that led to a "self-identifying" question about "race" or "population group" in both the 1996 and 2001 censuses, and in Statistics SA's household survey programme. 
^ Study Commission on U.S. Policy toward Southern Africa (U.S.) (1981). South Africa: time running out: the report of the Study Commission on U.S. Policy Toward Southern Africa. University of California Press. p. 42. ISBN 0-520-04547-5. 
^ a b c "World Refugee Survey 2008". U.S. Committee for Refugees and Immigrants. 19 June 2008. Archived from the original on 19 October 2014. 
^ "Constitution of South Africa, Chapter 1, Section 6". Fs.gov.za. Archived from the original on 13 November 2012. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ a b Census 2011: Census in brief (PDF). Pretoria: Statistics South Africa. 2012. pp. 23–25. ISBN 9780621413885. [permanent dead link]
^ "The languages of South Africa". SouthAfrica.info. 4 February 1997. Retrieved 7 November 2010. 
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ http://www.statssa.gov.za/?page_id=3839
^ a b "South Africa – Section I. Religious Demography". U.S. Department of State. Retrieved 15 July 2006. 
^ Wessel Bentley; Dion Angus Forster (2008). "God's mission in our context, healing and transforming responses". Methodism in Southern Africa: A Celebration of Wesleyan Mission. AcadSA. pp. 97–98. ISBN 978-1-920212-29-2. 
^ van Wyk, Ben-Erik and van Oudtshoorn, Gericke N (1999). Medicinal Plants of South Africa. Pretoria: Briza Publications. p. 10. ISBN 978-1-875093-37-3. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "South Africa". State.gov. 15 September 2006. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ a b "In South Africa, many blacks convert to Islam / The Christian Science Monitor". The Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Muslims say their faith growing fast in Africa". Religionnewsblog.com. Retrieved 7 November 2010. 
^ Rebecca Weiner, Rebecca Weiner, ed. (2010), South African Jewish History and Information (PDF), Jewish Virtual Library, retrieved 13 August 2010 
^ "Black middle class explodes". FIN24. 22 May 2007. Archived from the original on 22 August 2007. 
^ "History of Scouting in South Africa". History of Scouting in South Africa. South African Scout Association. 2006. Retrieved 30 November 2006. 
^ Radford, Tim (16 April 2004). "World's Oldest Jewellery Found in Cave". London: Buzzle.com. Retrieved 16 April 2011. 
^ "The Nobel Prize in Literature: John Maxwell Coetzee". Swedish Academy. 2 October 2003. Retrieved 2 August 2009. 
^ "South African music after Apartheid: kwaito, the "party politic," and the appropriation of gold as a sign of success". Archived from the original on 13 June 2013. 
^ "South African Wine Guide: Stellenbosch, Constantia, Walker Bay and more". Thewinedoctor.com. Retrieved 30 October 2011. 
^ "Sport in South Africa". SouthAfrica.info. Retrieved 28 June 2010. 
^ Cooper, Billy (12 July 2010). "South Africa gets 9/10 for World Cup". Mail & Guardian. Archived from the original on 15 July 2010. Retrieved 9 September 2010. 
^ "National adult literacy rates (15+), youth literacy rates (15–24) and elderly literacy rates (65+)". UNESCO Institute for Statistics. 
^ a b "A parent's guide to schooling". Retrieved 31 August 2010. 
^ "Education in South Africa". SouthAfrica.info. Archived from the original on 17 June 2010. Retrieved 20 June 2010. 
^ "Bantu Education". Overcoming Apartheid. Retrieved 20 June 2010. 
^ Cele, S'thembile; Masondo, Sipho (18 January 2015). "Shocking cost of SA’s universities". fin24.com. City Press. Retrieved 19 January 2015. 
^ "Human Development Report 2009 – South Africa". Hdrstats.undp.org. Archived from the original on 15 April 2010. Retrieved 30 May 2010. 
^ Peoples Budget Coalition Comments on the 2011/12 Budget Archived 16 May 2012 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b "‘Clinic-in-a-Box’ seeks to improve South African healthcare". SmartPlanet. Archived from the original on 30 July 2013. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ "What does the demand for healthcare look like in SA?" (PDF). Mediclinic Southern Africa. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2 October 2013. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ a b c "Motsoaledi to reform private health care". Financial Mail. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ "South Africa". ICAP at Columbia University. Retrieved 25 August 2013. 
^ http://www.therichest.com/rich-list/nation/the-biggest-hospitals-in-the-world/
^ "HIV and AIDS estimates (2015)". 
^ "South Africa HIV & AIDS Statistics". AVERT.org. Retrieved 6 May 2013. 
^ a b "AIDS orphans". Avert. Retrieved 8 October 2006. 
^ "Sack SA Health Minister – world's AIDS experts". afrol News. Retrieved 8 October 2006. 
^ "Situation Analysis. HIV & AIDS and STI Strategic Plan 2007–2011" (PDF). info.gov.za. Archived from the original (PDF) on 30 May 2013. Retrieved 26 June 2013. 
^ "Zuma announces AIDS reforms". UNPAN. Retrieved 9 March 2010. 


Further reading


A History of South Africa, Third Edition. Leonard Thompson. Yale University Press. 1 March 2001. 384 pages. ISBN 0-300-08776-4.
Economic Analysis and Policy Formulation for Post-Apartheid South Africa: Mission Report, Aug. 1991. International Development Research Centre. IDRC Canada, 1991. vi, 46 p. Without ISBN
Emerging Johannesburg: Perspectives on the Postapartheid City. Richard Tomlinson, et al. 1 January 2003. 336 pages. ISBN 0-415-93559-8.
Making of Modern South Africa: Conquest, Segregation and Apartheid. Nigel Worden. 1 July 2000. 194 pages. ISBN 0-631-21661-8.
South Africa: A Narrative History. Frank Welsh. Kodansha America. 1 February 1999. 606 pages. ISBN 1-56836-258-7.
South Africa in Contemporary Times. Godfrey Mwakikagile. New Africa Press. February 2008. 260 pages. ISBN 978-0-9802587-3-8.
The Atlas of Changing South Africa. A. J. Christopher. 1 October 2000. 216 pages. ISBN 0-415-21178-6.
The Politics of the New South Africa. Heather Deegan. 28 December 2000. 256 pages. ISBN 0-582-38227-0.
Twentieth-Century South Africa. William Beinart Oxford University Press 2001, 414 pages, ISBN 0-19-289318-1


External links



Wikimedia Commons has media related to South Africa.





Wikivoyage has a travel guide for South Africa.



Find more aboutSouth Africaat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Travel guide from Wikivoyage
Learning resources from Wikiversity



Government of South Africa
"South Africa". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. 
South Africa from UCB Libraries GovPubs
South Africa from the BBC News
 Wikimedia Atlas of South Africa







v
t
e


South Africa articles



History





Timeline
(years)




Early history
Cape Colony
Orange Free State
Transvaal
First Boer War
Second Boer War
Great Depression
World War II
Apartheid
Border War
Since 1994





By topic



Economic
Military








Geography







Districts
Earthquakes
Estuaries
Forests
Islands
Lakes
Mountain ranges
Municipalities
National parks
Populated places
Provinces
Rivers
Wildlife








Politics











Constitution
Courts
Elections
Foreign relations
Government
Human rights
Law
Parliament
Political parties
President






State security
and intelligence




Minister
Co-ordinating committee (NICC)
Intelligence agency (NIA)
Communications centre (NCC)
Communications security (COMSEC)
Secret Service (SASS)
Intelligence academy (SANAI)





Law enforcement



Department of Police
Police Service

Criminal intelligence (SAPS)
Special Task Force
National Intervention Unit
NFDD


Municipal Police
Independent Complaints Directorate
Department of Correctional Services
Biometrics use








Military



Department of Defence
Defence Force
Air Force
Army
Navy
Military Health Service
Special Forces
Commando System
Intelligence








Economy







Agriculture
Communications
Economic history
Energy
Foreign trade
Mining industry
Rand (currency)
Stock exchange
Taxation
Tourism
Trade unions
Transportation
Water and sanitation








Society







Crime
Education
Feminism
Health
Healthcare
Immigration
Intersex
Languages
LGBT
Racism
Religion
Sexual violence
Social movements
Xenophobia





Culture



Architecture
Art
Cinema
Cuisine
Flag
HIV/AIDS
Homelessness
Literature
Media
Music
Public holidays
Sports





Demographics



Asian

Indian
Chinese


Bantu

Ndebele
Pedi
Sotho
Swazi
Tsonga
Tswana
Venda
Xhosa
Zulu


Coloured

Cape Coloured
Cape Malay
Griqua


Khoisan
White

Afrikaner
British














Outline
Index



Category
Portal












v
t
e


Countries and territories of Africa



Sovereign states




entirely
in Africa



Algeria
Angola
Benin
Botswana
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Comoros
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Republic of the Congo
Djibouti
Egypt
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Ethiopia
Gabon
The Gambia
Ghana
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Ivory Coast (Côte d'Ivoire)
Kenya
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Madagascar
Malawi
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Niger
Nigeria
Rwanda
São Tomé and Príncipe
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Somalia
South Africa
South Sudan
Sudan
Swaziland
Tanzania
Togo
Tunisia
Uganda
Zambia
Zimbabwe





partly
in Africa



France

Mayotte
Réunion


Italy

Pantelleria
Pelagie Islands


Portugal

Madeira


Spain

Canary Islands
Ceuta
Melilla
Plazas de soberanía


Yemen

Socotra














Territories and
dependencies




Îles Éparses

France


Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha

UK


Southern Provinces (Western Sahara)1






States with limited
recognition




Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic
Somaliland






1 Unclear sovereignty.








Links to related articles











v
t
e


Group of Eight (G8) and Group of Eight + Five (G8+5)



G8 members



 Canada
 France
 Germany
 Italy
 Japan
 Russia
 United Kingdom
 United States





Representative



 European Union





G8+5



 Brazil
 China
 India
 Mexico
 South Africa





See also



Group of Six
Group of Seven
G7+1












v
t
e


G20 major economies






 Argentina
 Australia
 Brazil
 Canada
 China
 European Union
 France
 Germany
 India
 Indonesia
 Italy
 Japan
 Mexico
 Russia
 Saudi Arabia
 South Africa
 Republic of Korea
 Turkey
 United Kingdom
 United States












v
t
e


BRICS



Membership



 Brazil
 Russia
 India
 China
 South Africa





Summits



Yekaterinburg 2009
Brasília 2010
Sanya 2011
New Delhi 2012
Durban 2013
Fortaleza 2014
Ufa 2015
Goa 2016
Xiamen 2017





Bilateral relations



Brazil–China
Brazil–India
Brazil–Russia
Brazil–South Africa
China–India
China–Russia
China–South Africa
India–Russia
India–South Africa
Russia–South Africa





Leaders



 Temer
 Putin
 Modi
 Xi
 Zuma





Related



New Development Bank
BRICS Contingent Reserve Arrangement
BRICS Leaders
BRICS Cable
BRICS Universities League





BRICS U-17 Football Cup



2016 Goa












v
t
e


World Trade Organization



System



Accession and membership
Appellate Body
Dispute Settlement Body
International Trade Centre
Chronology of key events





Issues



Criticism
Doha Development Round
Singapore issues
Quota Elimination
Peace Clause





Agreements



General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
Agriculture
Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures
Technical Barriers to Trade
Trade Related Investment Measures
Trade in Services
Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights
Government Procurement
Information Technology
Marrakech Agreement
Doha Declaration
Bali Package





Ministerial
Conferences



1st (1996)
2nd (1998)
3rd (1999)
4th (2001)
5th (2003)
6th (2005)
7th (2009)
8th (2011)
9th (2013)
10th (2015)





People



Roberto Azevêdo (Director-General)
Pascal Lamy (former Director-General)
Supachai Panitchpakdi (former Director-General)
Deputy Directors-General:

Yonov Frederick Agah
Karl Brauner
David Shark
Yi Xiaozhun

former: Alejandro Jara
Valentine Rugwabiza
Harsha Singh
Rufus Yerxa









Members



Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
Angola
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belize
Benin
Bolivia
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Republic of the Congo
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Cuba
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
European Union¹
Fiji
Gabon
The Gambia
Georgia
Ghana
Grenada
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong²
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Israel
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
South Korea
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Lesotho
Liberia
Liechtenstein
Macau²
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Moldova
Mongolia
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nepal
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Qatar
Russia
Rwanda
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Suriname
Swaziland
Switzerland
Tajikistan
Taiwan³
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe


1. All twenty-eight member states of the European Union are also members of the WTO in their own right:

Austria
Belgium
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malta
Netherlands
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom


2. Special administrative regions of the People's Republic of China, participates as "Hong Kong, China" and "Macao China".
3. Officially the Republic of China, participates as "Separate Customs Territory of Taiwan, Penghu, Kinmen and Matsu", and "Chinese Taipei" in short.











v
t
e


Southern African Development Community (SADC)



Member states



Angola
Botswana
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Lesotho
Madagascar
Malawi
Mauritius
Mozambique
Namibia
Seychelles
South Africa
Swaziland
Tanzania
Zambia
Zimbabwe





Leaders




Chairpersons



Levy Mwanawasa
Kgalema Motlanthe





Secretaries-General



Kaire Mbuende
Prega Ramsamy
Tomaz Salomão








See also



Southern African Development Coordination Conference (forerunner)
Southern African Customs Union (SACU)
Common Monetary Area (CMA)
Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA)












v
t
e


African Union (AU)



History







Pan-Africanism
Casablanca Group
Monrovia Group
Abuja Treaty
Sirte Declaration
Lome Summit





Organisation of African Unity



Chairperson
Secretary General











Geography



Borders
Extreme points
Member states
Regions





Organs







Executive Council
Permanent Representatives' Committee
Specialized Technical Committees





Assembly



Chairperson





Commission



Chairperson
Deputy Chairperson
AUCC





Pan-African Parliament



Bureau
Secretariat
Gallagher Estate





African Court of Justice



African Court on Human and Peoples' Rights





ECOSOCC Committees



Peace and Security
Political Affairs
Infrastructure and Energy
Social Affairs and Health
HR, Sciences and Technology
Trade and Industry
Rural Economy and Agriculture
Economic Affairs
Women and Gender
Cross-Cutting Programs





Financial Institutions



African Central Bank
African Monetary Fund
African Investment Bank





Peace and Security Council



ACIRC
African Standby Force
Panel of the Wise
UNAMID
AMIB
AMIS
AMISOM
MISCA








Politics







APRM
Foreign relations
African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights
African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights
Enlargement





Symbols



Anthem
Emblem
Flag








Economy



Currencies
Development Bank
African Economic Community
NEPAD
African Free Trade Zone
Tripartite Free Trade Area





Culture



Africa Day
Languages





Theory



Afro
United States of Africa
United States of Latin Africa








 Category












v
t
e


Countries and territories bordering the Indian Ocean



Africa



Comoros
Djibouti
Egypt
Eritrea
France

Mayotte
Réunion


Kenya
Madagascar
Mauritius
Mozambique
Rodrigues (Mauritius)
Seychelles
Somalia
South Africa
Sudan
Tanzania
Zanzibar, Tanzania








Asia



Bahrain
Bangladesh
British Indian Ocean Territory

Chagos Archipelago - United Kingdom


Christmas Island (Australia)
Cocos (Keeling) Islands (Australia)
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Israel
Jordan
Kuwait
Malaysia
Maldives
Myanmar
Oman
Pakistan
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Sri Lanka
Thailand
Timor-Leste
United Arab Emirates
Yemen





Other



Antarctica

Australian Antarctic Territory
French Southern and Antarctic Lands
Heard Island and McDonald Islands


Australia












v
t
e


Peri-Antarctic countries and overseas territories






Argentina
Australia

Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Macquarie Island


Bouvet Island
Chile
Falkland Islands
French Southern and Antarctic Lands

Kerguelen Islands


New Zealand

New Zealand Subantarctic Islands


South Africa

Prince Edward Islands


South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands









"Peri-Antarctic" (meaning "close to the Antarctic") does not include territorial claims in Antarctica itself.










v
t
e


Members of the Commonwealth of Nations



Sovereign states
(Members)



Antigua and Barbuda
Australia
Bahamas
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belize
Botswana
Brunei
Cameroon
Canada
Cyprus
Dominica
Fiji
Ghana
Grenada
Guyana
India
Jamaica
Kenya
Kiribati
Lesotho
Malawi
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mozambique
Namibia
Nauru
New Zealand
Nigeria
Pakistan
Papua New Guinea
Rwanda
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Swaziland
Tanzania
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tuvalu
Uganda
United Kingdom
Vanuatu
Zambia





Dependencies
of Members




Australia



Ashmore and Cartier Islands
Australian Antarctic Territory
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Coral Sea Islands
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Norfolk Island





New Zealand



Cook Islands
Niue
Ross Dependency
Tokelau





United Kingdom



Akrotiri and Dhekelia
Anguilla
Bermuda
British Antarctic Territory
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Cayman Islands
Falkland Islands
Gibraltar
Guernsey
Isle of Man
Jersey
Montserrat
Pitcairn Islands
St. Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Turks and Caicos Islands









Source: Commonwealth Secretariat - Member States










v
t
e


English-speaking world






Click on a coloured area to see an article about English in that country or region






































































Further links







Articles



English-speaking world
History of the English language
British Empire
English in the Commonwealth of Nations





Lists



List of countries by English-speaking population
List of countries where English is an official language









 







Countries and territories where English is the national language or the native language of the majority





Africa



Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha





Americas



Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
The Bahamas
Barbados
Belize
Bermuda
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Dominica
Falkland Islands
Grenada
Guyana
Jamaica
Montserrat
Saba
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Sint Eustatius
Sint Maarten
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Trinidad and Tobago
Turks and Caicos Islands
United States
United States Virgin Islands





Europe



Guernsey
Ireland
Isle of Man
Jersey
United Kingdom





Oceania



Australia
New Zealand
Norfolk Island
Pitcairn Islands








 







Countries and territories where English is an official language, but not the majority first language





Africa



Botswana
Cameroon
The Gambia
Ghana
Kenya
Lesotho
Liberia
Malawi
Mauritius
Namibia
Nigeria
Rwanda
Sierra Leone
Somaliland
South Africa
South Sudan
Sudan
Swaziland
Tanzania
Uganda
Zambia
Zimbabwe





Americas



Puerto Rico





Asia



Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
India
Pakistan
Philippines
Singapore





Europe



Gibraltar
Malta





Oceania



American Samoa
Cook Islands
Fiji
Guam
Kiribati
Marshall Islands
Micronesia
Nauru
Niue
Northern Mariana Islands
Palau
Papua New Guinea
Samoa
Solomon Islands
Tokelau
Tuvalu
Vanuatu












Dependencies shown in italics.















Coordinates: 30°S 25°E﻿ / ﻿30°S 25°E﻿ / -30; 25



Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 159069376
LCCN: n79023005
ISNI: 0000 0001 2167 3042
GND: 4078012-0
SUDOC: 028016009
BNF: cb11993638s (data)
NLA: 35513495
NDL: 00567657










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=South_Africa&oldid=792672918"					
Categories: South AfricaSouthern African countriesEnglish-speaking countries and territoriesG20 nationsLiberal democraciesMember states of the African UnionMember states of the Commonwealth of NationsMember states of the United NationsStates and territories established in 1910Commonwealth republicsAfrikaans-speaking countries and territoriesBantu countries and territoriesBRICS nationsCountries in AfricaHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksCS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listWikipedia articles incorporating a citation from the 1911 Encyclopaedia Britannica with Wikisource referencePages using citations with accessdate and no URLArticles with dead external links from June 2017Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia pages semi-protected against vandalismWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesUse dmy dates from March 2017Use South African English from September 2013All Wikipedia articles written in South African EnglishArticles containing Afrikaans-language textArticles containing non-English-language textArticles containing Sotho-language textArticles containing Southern Ndebele-language textArticles containing Swati-language textArticles containing Tsonga-language textArticles containing Tswana-language textArticles containing Venda-language textArticles containing Xhosa-language textArticles containing Zulu-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2013All articles with failed verificationArticles with failed verification from October 2011Wikipedia articles needing clarification from October 2011Pages using columns with the default column widthArticles with unsourced statements from May 2010Use South African English from July 2013Coordinates on WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikinewsWikiquoteWikivoyage 



Languages


AcèhАдыгэбзэАдыгабзэAfrikaansAkanAlemannischአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةAragonésArpetanAsturianuAvañe'ẽAzərbaycancaتۆرکجهBamanankanবাংলাBahasa BanjarBân-lâm-gúБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎भोजपुरीBikol CentralБългарскиBoarischབོད་ཡིགBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàЧӑвашлаCebuanoČeštinaChi-ChewaChiShonaCymraegDanskDeitschDeutschދިވެހިބަސްDiné bizaadDolnoserbskiཇོང་ཁEestiΕλληνικάEmiliàn e rumagnòlEspañolEsperantoEstremeñuEuskaraEʋegbeفارسیFiji HindiFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGagauzGàidhligGalego贛語Gĩkũyũગુજરાતીगोंयची कोंकणी / Gõychi Konknni客家語/Hak-kâ-ngîХальмг한국어HausaՀայերենहिन्दीHornjoserbsceHrvatskiIdoIgboIlokanoবিষ্ণুপ্রিয়া মণিপুরীBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueИронIsiXhosaIsiZuluÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡKapampanganКъарачай-малкъарქართულიकॉशुर / کٲشُرҚазақшаKernowekKinyarwandaKiswahiliКомиKongoKreyòl ayisyenKurdîКыргызчаLadinoЛезгиلۊری شومالیLatgaļuLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLimburgsLingálaLivvinkarjalaLa .lojban.LugandaLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMaltiMāoriमराठीმარგალურიمصرىمازِرونیBahasa MelayuBaso MinangkabauMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄MirandésМокшеньМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNāhuatlDorerin NaoeroNederlandsNedersaksiesनेपालीनेपाल भाषा日本語НохчийнNordfriiskNorfuk / PitkernNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskNouormandNovialOccitanଓଡ଼ିଆOromooOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀपालिپنجابیPapiamentuپښتوPatoisភាសាខ្មែរPiemontèisTok PisinPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsQaraqalpaqshaQırımtatarcaReo tahitiRipoarischRomânăRumantschRuna SimiРусиньскыйРусскийСаха тылаSámegiellaसंस्कृतम्SängöSarduScotsSeelterskSesothoSesotho sa LeboaSetswanaShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishسنڌيSiSwatiSlovenčinaSlovenščinaŚlůnskiSoomaaligaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitTarandíneТатарча/tatarçaతెలుగుไทยትግርኛТоҷикӣTsetsêhestâheseTshivendaತುಳುTürkçeTürkmençeУкраїнськаاردوئۇيغۇرچە / UyghurcheVahcuenghVènetoVepsän kel’Tiếng ViệtVolapükVõroWalon文言West-VlamsWinarayWolof吴语XitsongaייִדישYorùbá粵語ZazakiZeêuwsŽemaitėška中文डोटेलीKabɩyɛ 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 27 July 2017, at 22:30.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 











The World Factbook â Central Intelligence Agency






















Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display






×




HomeLibraryPublicationsThe World Factbook
 


Contact CIA


The Office of Public Affairs (OPA) is the single point of contact for all inquiries about the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA).
We read every letter, fax, or e-mail we receive, and we will convey your comments to CIA officials outside OPA as appropriate. However, with limited staff and resources, we simply cannot respond to all who write to us.
Contact Information
Submit questions or comments online
By postal mail: Central Intelligence Agency Office of Public Affairs Washington, D.C. 20505
By phone:(703) 482-0623Open during normal business hours.
By fax:(571) 204-3800(please include a phone number where we may call you)
Contact the Office of Inspector General
Contact the Employment Verification Office
 
Before contacting us:
Please check our site map, search feature, or our site navigation on the left to locate the information you seek. We do not routinely respond to questions for which answers are found within this Web site.
Employment: We do not routinely answer questions about employment beyond the information on this Web site, and we do not routinely answer inquiries about the status of job applications. Recruiting will contact applicants within 45 days if their qualifications meet our needs. Because of safety concerns for the prospective applicant, as well as security and communication issues, the CIA Recruitment Center does not accept resumes, nor can we return phone calls, e-mails or other forms of communication, from US citizens living outside of the US. When you return permanently to the US (not on vacation or leave), please visit the CIA Careers page and apply online for the position of interest.To verify an employee's employment, please contact the Employment Verification Office.
Solicitations to transfer large sums of money to your bank account: If you receive a solicitation to transfer a large amount of money from an African nation to your bank account in exchange for a payment of millions of dollars, go to the US Secret Service Web site for information about the Nigerian Advance Fee Fraud or "4-1-9" Fraud scheme.
If you have information which you believe might be of interest to the CIA in pursuit of the CIA's foreign intelligence mission, you may use our e-mail form. We will carefully protect all information you provide, including your identity. The CIA, as a foreign intelligence agency, does not engage in US domestic law enforcement.
If you have information relating to Iraq which you believe might be of interest to the US Government, please contact us through the Iraqi Rewards Program — 


















×

Library



HomeLibraryPublicationsResourcesThe World Factbook









Contact Us Form








Message:*



Email:*


Name: 


Phone Number:

Mobile/Cell:




* = required






















×
Library



HomeLibraryPublicationsResourcesThe World Factbook
 



Report Threats


The United States and its partners continue to face a 
growing number of global threats and challenges. The CIA’s mission 
includes collecting and analyzing information about high priority 
national security issues such as international terrorism, the 
proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, cyber attacks, 
international organized crime and narcotics trafficking, regional 
conflicts, counterintelligence threats, and the effects of environmental
 and natural disasters.
These challenges are international in scope and are priorities for 
the Central Intelligence Agency. If you have information about these or 
other national security challenges, please provide it through our secure
 online form.  The information you provide will be protected and 
confidential. The CIA is particularly interested in information about 
imminent or planned terrorist attacks.  In cases where an imminent 
threat exists, immediately contact your local law enforcement agencies 
and provide them with the threat information.
To contact the Central Intelligence Agency click here.















skip to content


Central Intelligence Agency
The Work Of A Nation. The Center of Intelligence.



Report Threats
رعربيعربي
Contact




Search CIA.gov
Search



عربي
中文
English
Français
Русский
Español
More Languages







Library






HomeLibraryPublicationsResourcesThe World Factbook
 













Please select a country to view World  Afghanistan  Akrotiri  Albania  Algeria  American Samoa  Andorra  Angola  Anguilla  Antarctica  Antigua and Barbuda  Arctic Ocean  Argentina  Armenia  Aruba  Ashmore and Cartier Islands  Atlantic Ocean  Australia  Austria  Azerbaijan  Bahamas, The  Bahrain  Baker Island  Bangladesh  Barbados  Belarus  Belgium  Belize  Benin  Bermuda  Bhutan  Bolivia  Bosnia and Herzegovina  Botswana  Bouvet Island  Brazil  British Indian Ocean Territory  British Virgin Islands  Brunei  Bulgaria  Burkina Faso  Burma  Burundi  Cabo Verde  Cambodia  Cameroon  Canada  Cayman Islands  Central African Republic  Chad  Chile  China  Christmas Island  Clipperton Island  Cocos (Keeling) Islands  Colombia  Comoros  Congo, Democratic Republic of the  Congo, Republic of the  Cook Islands  Coral Sea Islands  Costa Rica  Cote d'Ivoire  Croatia  Cuba  Curacao  Cyprus  Czechia  Denmark  Dhekelia  Djibouti  Dominica  Dominican Republic  Ecuador  Egypt  El Salvador  Equatorial Guinea  Eritrea  Estonia  Ethiopia  Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas)  Faroe Islands  Fiji  Finland  France  French Polynesia  French Southern and Antarctic Lands  Gabon  Gambia, The  Gaza Strip  Georgia  Germany  Ghana  Gibraltar  Greece  Greenland  Grenada  Guam  Guatemala  Guernsey  Guinea  Guinea-Bissau  Guyana  Haiti  Heard Island and McDonald Islands  Holy See (Vatican City)  Honduras  Hong Kong  Howland Island  Hungary  Iceland  India  Indian Ocean  Indonesia  Iran  Iraq  Ireland  Isle of Man  Israel  Italy  Jamaica  Jan Mayen  Japan  Jarvis Island  Jersey  Johnston Atoll  Jordan  Kazakhstan  Kenya  Kingman Reef  Kiribati  Korea, North  Korea, South  Kosovo  Kuwait  Kyrgyzstan  Laos  Latvia  Lebanon  Lesotho  Liberia  Libya  Liechtenstein  Lithuania  Luxembourg  Macau  Macedonia  Madagascar  Malawi  Malaysia  Maldives  Mali  Malta  Marshall Islands  Mauritania  Mauritius  Mexico  Micronesia, Federated States of  Midway Islands  Moldova  Monaco  Mongolia  Montenegro  Montserrat  Morocco  Mozambique  Namibia  Nauru  Navassa Island  Nepal  Netherlands  New Caledonia  New Zealand  Nicaragua  Niger  Nigeria  Niue  Norfolk Island  Northern Mariana Islands  Norway  Oman  Pacific Ocean  Pakistan  Palau  Palmyra Atoll  Panama  Papua New Guinea  Paracel Islands  Paraguay  Peru  Philippines  Pitcairn Islands  Poland  Portugal  Puerto Rico  Qatar  Romania  Russia  Rwanda  Saint Barthelemy  Saint Helena, Ascension, and Tristan da Cunha  Saint Kitts and Nevis  Saint Lucia  Saint Martin  Saint Pierre and Miquelon  Saint Vincent and the Grenadines  Samoa  San Marino  Sao Tome and Principe  Saudi Arabia  Senegal  Serbia  Seychelles  Sierra Leone  Singapore  Sint Maarten  Slovakia  Slovenia  Solomon Islands  Somalia  South Africa  Southern Ocean  South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands  South Sudan  Spain  Spratly Islands  Sri Lanka  Sudan  Suriname  Svalbard  Swaziland  Sweden  Switzerland  Syria  Taiwan  Tajikistan  Tanzania  Thailand  Timor-Leste  Togo  Tokelau  Tonga  Trinidad and Tobago  Tunisia  Turkey  Turkmenistan  Turks and Caicos Islands  Tuvalu  Uganda  Ukraine  United Arab Emirates  United Kingdom  United States  United States Pacific Island Wildlife Refuges  Uruguay  Uzbekistan  Vanuatu  Venezuela  Vietnam  Virgin Islands  Wake Island  Wallis and Futuna  West Bank  Western Sahara  Yemen  Zambia  Zimbabwe  European Union 
 



ABOUT
History
Copyright and Contributors
Purchasing
Did You Know?

REFERENCES
Regional and World Maps
Flags of the World
Gallery of Covers
Definitions and Notes
Guide to Country Profiles
Guide to Country Comparisons
The World Factbook Users Guide

APPENDICES
A: abbreviations
B: international organizations and groups
C: selected international environmental agreements
D: cross-reference list of country data codes
E: cross-reference list of hydrographic data codes
F: cross-reference list of geographic names
G: weights and measures

FAQs
  CONTACT  
 





 



Africa  :: SOUTH AFRICA



Page last updated on July 11, 2017





The World Factbook
×


Africa   ::SOUTH AFRICA







Flag Description 

two equal width horizontal bands of red (top) and blue separated by a central green band that splits into a horizontal Y, the arms of which end at the corners of the hoist side; the Y embraces a black isosceles triangle from which the arms are separated by narrow yellow bands; the red and blue bands are separated from the green band and its arms by narrow white stripes; the flag colors do not have any official symbolism, but the Y stands for the "convergence of diverse elements within South African society, taking the road ahead in unity"; black, yellow, and green are found on the flag of the African National Congress, while red, white, and blue are the colors in the flags of the Netherlands and the UK, whose settlers ruled South Africa during the colonial era note: the South African flag is one of only two national flags to display six colors as part of its primary design, the other is South Sudan's













The World Factbook
×


Africa   ::SOUTH AFRICA















View 11 photos of SOUTH AFRICA






The World Factbook
×


Africa   ::SOUTH AFRICA









1
/
11


Caption 
Satellite view of South Africa. The rugged Great Karoo semi-desert region makes up much of the central and western part of the country. The brown and orange landscape that surrounds South Africa's northwestern borders is the Kalahari Desert, a vast sand basin marked by dunes and dry savannah vegetation. The southern edge of the desert is defined by the Orange River, which also forms South Africa's northwestern border with Namibia. Within South Africa is the enclave of Lesotho. Northeast of Lesotho is the smaller country of Swaziland. Photo courtesy of NASA.



DimensionsFile SizeDownload


1500X1184336.6 KB

Usage 
Factbook photos - obtained from a variety of sources - are in the public domain and are copyright free.  Agency Copyright Notice





2
/
11


Caption 
The reddish-brown Kalahari Desert with its northwest-southeast-trending sand dunes and dry lakebeds stands out in this image of South Africa. Also distinguishable are the westward-flowing Orange River, south of the true desert; the cape ranges of folded mountains near the extreme southern point of South Africa; as well as Cape Town, the Cape of Good Hope, and Cape Agulhas. Image courtesy of NASA. 



DimensionsFile SizeDownload


640X64070.5 KB

Usage 
Factbook photos - obtained from a variety of sources - are in the public domain and are copyright free.  Agency Copyright Notice





3
/
11


Caption 
Cape Town is considered to be one of the great scenic cities of the world. Situated in the southwestern part of Cape Province, it lies at the foot of Table Mountain (1,088 m; 3,567 feet in altitude) on the shore of Table Bay, in which lies Robben Island. Because the mountains obstruct inland expansion, the city has developed along the coast. The Cape of Good Hope appears at the southern tip of the Cape Peninsula. Photo courtesy of NASA.



DimensionsFile SizeDownload


639X63957.7 KB

Usage 
Factbook photos - obtained from a variety of sources - are in the public domain and are copyright free.  Agency Copyright Notice





4
/
11


Caption 
Shoreline along the Cape of Good Hope.



DimensionsFile SizeDownload


1500X1000282.2 KB

Usage 
Factbook photos - obtained from a variety of sources - are in the public domain and are copyright free.  Agency Copyright Notice





5
/
11


Caption 
Observation tower at the Cape of Good Hope.



DimensionsFile SizeDownload


1000X1500218.8 KB

Usage 
Factbook photos - obtained from a variety of sources - are in the public domain and are copyright free.  Agency Copyright Notice





6
/
11


Caption 
The Cape of Good Hope.



DimensionsFile SizeDownload


1500X1000240.2 KB

Usage 
Factbook photos - obtained from a variety of sources - are in the public domain and are copyright free.  Agency Copyright Notice





7
/
11


Caption 
Local residents at the Cape of Good Hope - Chacma or Cape Baboons.



DimensionsFile SizeDownload


1500X1000212.4 KB

Usage 
Factbook photos - obtained from a variety of sources - are in the public domain and are copyright free.  Agency Copyright Notice





8
/
11


Caption 
Table Mountain - a level plataeu about 3 km (2 mi) from side to side - overlooking some homes in Cape Town.



DimensionsFile SizeDownload


1500X1000116.1 KB

Usage 
Factbook photos - obtained from a variety of sources - are in the public domain and are copyright free.  Agency Copyright Notice





9
/
11


Caption 
Sculpture at a Cape Town shopping mall.



DimensionsFile SizeDownload


1500X1000280.7 KB

Usage 
Factbook photos - obtained from a variety of sources - are in the public domain and are copyright free.  Agency Copyright Notice





10
/
11


Caption 
The picturesque Victoria and Albert Waterfront in Cape Town, affords photographers a wide range of opportunities. With Table Mountain as a scenic backdrop, marine vessels of all kinds can be seen coming and going from this working harbor and residential marina.



DimensionsFile SizeDownload


1200X1500279.0 KB

Usage 
Factbook photos - obtained from a variety of sources - are in the public domain and are copyright free.  Agency Copyright Notice





11
/
11


Caption 
The patience of this fur seal was tested severely as the photographer got a little too close for comfort. The seal had been relaxing on a dock in the harbor of Cape Town.



DimensionsFile SizeDownload


1198X1500167.0 KB

Usage 
Factbook photos - obtained from a variety of sources - are in the public domain and are copyright free.  Agency Copyright Notice




















Previous



Next















The World Factbook
×


Africa   ::SOUTH AFRICA













Introduction ::  SOUTH AFRICA 
Background:
Dutch traders landed at the southern tip of modern day South Africa in 1652 and established a stopover point on the spice route between the Netherlands and the Far East, founding the city of Cape Town. After the British seized the Cape of Good Hope area in 1806, many of the Dutch settlers (Afrikaners, called "Boers" (farmers) by the British) trekked north to found their own republics, Transvaal and Orange Free State. The discovery of diamonds (1867) and gold (1886) spurred wealth and immigration and intensified the subjugation of the native inhabitants. The Afrikaners resisted British encroachments but were defeated in the Second South African War (1899-1902); however, the British and the Afrikaners, ruled together beginning in 1910 under the Union of South Africa, which became a republic in 1961 after a whites-only referendum. In 1948, the Afrikaner-dominated National Party was voted into power and instituted a policy of apartheid - the separate development of the races - which favored the white minority at the expense of the black majority. The African National Congress (ANC) led the opposition to apartheid and many top ANC leaders, such as Nelson MANDELA, spent decades in South Africa's prisons. Internal protests and insurgency, as well as boycotts by some Western nations and institutions, led to the regime's eventual willingness to negotiate a peaceful transition to majority rule. The first multi-racial elections in 1994 following the end of apartheid ushered in majority rule under an ANC-led government. South Africa has since struggled to address apartheid-era imbalances in decent housing, education, and health care. ANC infighting came to a head in 2008 when President Thabo MBEKI was recalled by Parliament, and Deputy President Kgalema MOTLANTHE, succeeded him as interim president. Jacob ZUMA became president after the ANC won general elections in 2009; he was reelected in 2014.

Geography ::  SOUTH AFRICA 
Location:
Southern Africa, at the southern tip of the continent of Africa
Geographic coordinates:
29 00 S, 24 00 E
Map references:
Africa
Area:
total: 1,219,090 sq km
land: 1,214,470 sq km
water: 4,620 sq km
note: includes Prince Edward Islands (Marion Island and Prince Edward Island)
country comparison to the world:  25
Area - comparative:
slightly less than twice the size of Texas
Area comparison map:





The World Factbook
×


Africa   ::SOUTH AFRICA







Area Comparison 

slightly less than twice the size of Texas







Land boundaries:
total: 5,244 km
border countries (6): Botswana 1,969 km, Lesotho 1,106 km, Mozambique 496 km, Namibia 1,005 km, Swaziland 438 km, Zimbabwe 230 km
Coastline:
2,798 km
Maritime claims:
territorial sea: 12 nm
contiguous zone: 24 nm
exclusive economic zone: 200 nm
continental shelf: 200 nm or to edge of the continental margin
Climate:
mostly semiarid; subtropical along east coast; sunny days, cool nights
Terrain:
vast interior plateau rimmed by rugged hills and narrow coastal plain
Elevation:
mean elevation: 1,034 m
elevation extremes: lowest point: Atlantic Ocean 0 m
highest point: Njesuthi 3,408 m
Natural resources:
gold, chromium, antimony, coal, iron ore, manganese, nickel, phosphates, tin, rare earth elements, uranium, gem diamonds, platinum, copper, vanadium, salt, natural gas
Land use:
agricultural land: 79.4%
arable land 9.9%; permanent crops 0.3%; permanent pasture 69.2%
forest: 7.6%
other: 13% (2011 est.)
Irrigated land:
16,700 sq km (2012)
Natural hazards:
prolonged droughts
volcanism: the volcano forming Marion Island in the Prince Edward Islands, which last erupted in 2004, is South Africa's only active volcano
Environment - current issues:
lack of important arterial rivers or lakes requires extensive water conservation and control measures; growth in water usage outpacing supply; pollution of rivers from agricultural runoff and urban discharge; air pollution resulting in acid rain; soil erosion; desertification
Environment - international agreements:
party to: Antarctic-Environmental Protocol, Antarctic-Marine Living Resources, Antarctic Seals, Antarctic Treaty, Biodiversity, Climate Change, Climate Change-Kyoto Protocol, Desertification, Endangered Species, Hazardous Wastes, Law of the Sea, Marine Dumping, Marine Life Conservation, Ozone Layer Protection, Ship Pollution, Wetlands, Whaling
signed, but not ratified: none of the selected agreements
Geography - note:
South Africa completely surrounds Lesotho and almost completely surrounds Swaziland

People and Society ::  SOUTH AFRICA 
Population:
54,300,704
note: estimates for this country explicitly take into account the effects of excess mortality due to AIDS; this can result in lower life expectancy, higher infant mortality, higher death rates, lower population growth rates, and changes in the distribution of population by age and sex than would otherwise be expected (July 2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  26
Nationality:
noun: South African(s)
adjective: South African
Ethnic groups:
black African 80.2%, white 8.4%, colored 8.8%, Indian/Asian 2.5%
note: colored is a term used in South Africa, including on the national census, for persons of mixed race ancestry (2014 est.)
Languages:
IsiZulu (official) 22.7%, IsiXhosa (official) 16%, Afrikaans (official) 13.5%, English (official) 9.6%, Sepedi (official) 9.1%, Setswana (official) 8%, Sesotho (official) 7.6%, Xitsonga (official) 4.5%, siSwati (official) 2.5%, Tshivenda (official) 2.4%, isiNdebele (official) 2.1%, sign language 0.5%, other 1.6% (2011 est.)
Religions:
Protestant 36.6% (Zionist Christian 11.1%, Pentecostal/Charismatic 8.2%, Methodist 6.8%, Dutch Reformed 6.7%, Anglican 3.8%), Catholic 7.1%, Muslim 1.5%, other Christian 36%, other 2.3%, unspecified 1.4%, none 15.1% (2001 est.)
Demographic profile:
South Africa’s youthful population is gradually aging, as the country’s total fertility rate (TFR) has declined dramatically from about 6 children per woman in the 1960s to roughly 2.2 in 2014. This pattern is similar to fertility trends in South Asia, the Middle East, and North Africa, and sets South Africa apart from the rest of sub-Saharan Africa, where the average TFR remains higher than other regions of the world. Today, South Africa’s decreasing number of reproductive age women is having fewer children, as women increase their educational attainment, workforce participation, and use of family planning methods; delay marriage; and opt for smaller families.
As the proportion of working-age South Africans has grown relative to children and the elderly, South Africa has been unable to achieve a demographic dividend because persistent high unemployment and the prevalence of HIV/AIDs have created a larger-than-normal dependent population. HIV/AIDS was also responsible for South Africa’s average life expectancy plunging to less than 43 years in 2008; it had only rebounded to approximately 50 years as of 2014. HIV/AIDS continues to be a serious public health threat, although awareness-raising campaigns and the wider availability of anti-retroviral drugs is stabilizing the number of new cases, enabling infected individuals to live longer, healthier lives, and reducing mother-child transmissions.
Migration to South Africa began in the second half of the 17th century when traders from the Dutch East India Company settled in the Cape and started using slaves from South and southeast Asia (mainly from India but also from present-day Indonesia, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, and Malaysia) and southeast Africa (Madagascar and Mozambique) as farm laborers and, to a lesser extent, as domestic servants. The Indian subcontinent remained the Cape Colony’s main source of slaves in the early 18th century, while slaves were increasingly obtained from southeast Africa in the latter part of the 18th century and into the 19th century under British rule.
After slavery was completely abolished in the British Empire in 1838, South Africa’s colonists turned to temporary African migrants and indentured labor through agreements with India and later China, countries that were anxious to export workers to alleviate domestic poverty and overpopulation. Of the more than 150,000 indentured Indian laborers hired to work in Natal’s sugar plantations between 1860 and 1911, most exercised the right as British subjects to remain permanently (a small number of Indian immigrants came freely as merchants). Because of growing resentment toward Indian workers, the 63,000 indentured Chinese workers who mined gold in Transvaal between 1904 and 1911 were under more restrictive contracts and generally were forced to return to their homeland.
In the late 19th century and nearly the entire 20th century, South Africa’s then British colonies’ and Dutch states’ enforced selective immigration policies that welcomed “assimilable” white Europeans as permanent residents but excluded or restricted other immigrants. Following the Union of South Africa’s passage of a law in 1913 prohibiting Asian and other non-white immigrants and its elimination of the indenture system in 1917, temporary African contract laborers from neighboring countries became the dominant source of labor in the burgeoning mining industries. Others worked in agriculture and smaller numbers in manufacturing, domestic service, transportation, and construction. Throughout the 20th century, at least 40% of South Africa’s miners were foreigners; the numbers peaked at over 80% in the late 1960s. Mozambique, Lesotho, Botswana, and Swaziland were the primary sources of miners, and Malawi and Zimbabwe were periodic suppliers.
Under apartheid, a “two gates” migration policy focused on policing and deporting illegal migrants rather than on managing migration to meet South Africa’s development needs. The exclusionary 1991 Aliens Control Act limited labor recruitment to the highly skilled as defined by the ruling white minority, while bilateral labor agreements provided exemptions that enabled the influential mining industry and, to a lesser extent, commercial farms, to hire temporary, low-paid workers from neighboring states. Illegal African migrants were often tacitly allowed to work for low pay in other sectors but were always under threat of deportation.
The abolishment of apartheid in 1994 led to the development of a new inclusive national identity and the strengthening of the country’s restrictive immigration policy. Despite South Africa’s protectionist approach to immigration, the downsizing and closing of mines, and rising unemployment, migrants from across the continent believed that the country held work opportunities. Fewer African labor migrants were issued temporary work permits and, instead, increasingly entered South Africa with visitors’ permits or came illegally, which drove growth in cross-border trade and the informal job market. A new wave of Asian immigrants has also arrived over the last two decades, many operating small retail businesses.
In the post-apartheid period, increasing numbers of highly skilled white workers emigrated, citing dissatisfaction with the political situation, crime, poor services, and a reduced quality of life. The 2002 Immigration Act and later amendments were intended to facilitate the temporary migration of skilled foreign labor to fill labor shortages, but instead the legislation continues to create regulatory obstacles. Although the education system has improved and brain drain has slowed in the wake of the 2008 global financial crisis, South Africa continues to face skills shortages in several key sectors, such as health care and technology.
South Africa’s stability and economic growth has acted as a magnet for refugees and asylum seekers from nearby countries, despite the prevalence of discrimination and xenophobic violence. Refugees have included an estimated 350,000 Mozambicans during its 1980s civil war and, more recently, several thousand Somalis, Congolese, and Ethiopians. Nearly all of the tens of thousands of Zimbabweans who have applied for asylum in South Africa have been categorized as economic migrants and denied refuge.
Age structure:
0-14 years: 28.34% (male 7,718,511/female 7,667,830)
15-24 years: 18.07% (male 4,865,807/female 4,943,707)
25-54 years: 41.44% (male 11,372,944/female 11,130,874)
55-64 years: 6.59% (male 1,662,874/female 1,915,908)
65 years and over: 5.57% (male 1,269,551/female 1,752,698) (2016 est.)
population pyramid:





The World Factbook
×


Africa   ::SOUTH AFRICA







Population Pyramid 

A population pyramid illustrates the age and sex structure of a country's population and may provide insights about political and social stability, as well as economic development. The population is distributed along the horizontal axis, with males shown on the left and females on the right. The male and female populations are broken down into 5-year age groups represented as horizontal bars along the vertical axis, with the youngest age groups at the bottom and the oldest at the top. The shape of the population pyramid gradually evolves over time based on fertility, mortality, and international migration trends.For additional information, please see the entry for Population pyramid on the Definitions and Notes page under the References tab.







Dependency ratios:
total dependency ratio: 52.1
youth dependency ratio: 44.5
elderly dependency ratio: 7.7
potential support ratio: 13.1 (2015 est.)
Median age:
total: 26.8 years
male: 26.5 years
female: 27 years (2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  145
Population growth rate:
0.99% (2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  116
Birth rate:
20.5 births/1,000 population (2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  79
Death rate:
9.6 deaths/1,000 population (2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  51
Net migration rate:
-0.9 migrant(s)/1,000 population (2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  140
Urbanization:
urban population: 64.8% of total population (2015)
rate of urbanization: 1.59% annual rate of change (2010-15 est.)
Major urban areas - population:
Johannesburg (includes Ekurhuleni) 9.399 million; Cape Town (legislative capital) 3.66 million; Durban 2.901 million; PRETORIA (capital) 2.059 million; Port Elizabeth 1.179 million; Vereeniging 1.155 million (2015)
Sex ratio:
at birth: 1.02 male(s)/female
0-14 years: 1.01 male(s)/female
15-24 years: 0.98 male(s)/female
25-54 years: 1.02 male(s)/female
55-64 years: 0.87 male(s)/female
65 years and over: 0.73 male(s)/female
total population: 0.98 male(s)/female (2016 est.)
Maternal mortality rate:
138 deaths/100,000 live births (2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  38
Infant mortality rate:
total: 32 deaths/1,000 live births
male: 35.5 deaths/1,000 live births
female: 28.4 deaths/1,000 live births (2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  63
Life expectancy at birth:
total population: 63.1 years
male: 61.6 years
female: 64.6 years (2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  190
Total fertility rate:
2.31 children born/woman (2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  89
Health expenditures:
8.8% of GDP (2014)
country comparison to the world:  42
Physicians density:
0.77 physicians/1,000 population (2015)
Drinking water source:
improved: 
urban: 99.6% of population
rural: 81.4% of population
total: 93.2% of population
unimproved: 
urban: 0.4% of population
rural: 18.6% of population
total: 6.8% of population (2015 est.)
Sanitation facility access:
improved: 
urban: 69.6% of population
rural: 60.5% of population
total: 66.4% of population
unimproved: 
urban: 30.4% of population
rural: 39.5% of population
total: 33.6% of population (2015 est.)
HIV/AIDS - adult prevalence rate:
19.2% (2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  4
HIV/AIDS - people living with HIV/AIDS:
6,984,600 (2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  1
HIV/AIDS - deaths:
182,400 (2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  2
Major infectious diseases:
degree of risk: intermediate
food or waterborne diseases: bacterial diarrhea, hepatitis A, and typhoid fever
water contact disease: schistosomiasis (2016)
Obesity - adult prevalence rate:
25.6% (2014)
country comparison to the world:  24
Children under the age of 5 years underweight:
8.7% (2008)
country comparison to the world:  72
Education expenditures:
6.1% of GDP (2014)
country comparison to the world:  42
Literacy:
definition: age 15 and over can read and write
total population: 94.3%
male: 95.5%
female: 93.1% (2015 est.)
School life expectancy (primary to tertiary education):
total: 13 years
male: 12 years
female: 13 years (2012)
Unemployment, youth ages 15-24:
total: 51.3%
male: 48%
female: 55.3% (2014 est.)
country comparison to the world:  6

Government ::  SOUTH AFRICA 
Country name:
conventional long form: Republic of South Africa
conventional short form: South Africa
former: Union of South Africa
abbreviation: RSA
etymology: self-descriptive name from the country's location on the continent; "Africa" is derived from the Roman designation of the area corresponding to present-day Tunisia "Africa terra," which meant "Land of the Afri" (the tribe resident in that area), but which eventually came to mean the entire continent
Government type:
parliamentary republic
Capital:
name: Pretoria (administrative capital); Cape Town (legislative capital); Bloemfontein (judicial capital)
geographic coordinates: 25 42 S, 28 13 E
time difference: UTC+2 (7 hours ahead of Washington, DC, during Standard Time)
Administrative divisions:
9 provinces; Eastern Cape, Free State, Gauteng, KwaZulu-Natal, Limpopo, Mpumalanga, Northern Cape, North West, Western Cape
Independence:
31 May 1910 (Union of South Africa formed from four British colonies: Cape Colony, Natal, Transvaal, and Orange Free State); 31 May 1961 (republic declared); 27 April 1994 (majority rule)
National holiday:
Freedom Day, 27 April (1994)
Constitution:
history: several previous; latest drafted 8 May 1996, approved by Constitutional Court 4 December 1996, effective 4 February 1997
amendments: proposed by the National Assembly of Parliament; passage of amendments affecting constitutional sections on human rights and freedoms, non-racism and non-sexism, supremacy of the constitution, suffrage, the multi-party system of democratic government, and amendment procedures requires at least 75% majority vote of the Assembly, approval by at least six of the nine provinces represented in the National Council of Provinces, and assent by the president of the republic; passage of amendments affecting the Bill of Rights, and those related to provincial boundaries, powers, and authorities requires at least two-thirds majority vote of the Assembly, approval by at least six of the nine provinces represented in the National Council, and assent by the president; amended many times, last in 2013 (2017)
Legal system:
mixed legal system of Roman-Dutch civil law, English common law, and customary law
International law organization participation:
has not submitted an ICJ jurisdiction declaration; accepts ICCt jurisdiction
Citizenship:
citizenship by birth: no
citizenship by descent only: at least one parent must be a citizen of South Africa
dual citizenship recognized: yes, but requires prior permission of the government
residency requirement for naturalization: 1 year
Suffrage:
18 years of age; universal
Executive branch:
chief of state: President Jacob ZUMA (since 9 May 2009); Deputy President Matamela Cyril RAMAPHOSA (since 26 May 2014) note - the president is both chief of state and head of government
head of government: President Jacob ZUMA (since 9 May 2009); Deputy President Matamela Cyril RAMAPHOSA (since 26 May 2014)
cabinet: Cabinet appointed by the president
elections/appointments: president indirectly elected by the National Assembly for a 5-year term (eligible for a second term); election last held on 21 May 2014 (next to be held in May 2019)
election results: Jacob ZUMA (ANC) reelected president by the National Assembly unopposed
Legislative branch:
description: bicameral Parliament consists of the National Council of Provinces (90 seats; 10-member delegations appointed by each of the 9 provincial legislatures to serve 5-year terms; note - this council has special powers to protect regional interests, including safeguarding cultural and linguistic traditions among ethnic minorities) and the National Assembly (400 seats; members directly elected in multi-seat constituencies by proportional representation vote to serve 5-year terms)
elections: National Assembly and National Council of Provinces - last held on 7 May 2014 (next to be held in 2019)
election results: National Council of Provinces - percent of vote by party - NA; seats by party - ANC 60, DA 20, EFF 7, IFP 1, NFP 1, UDM 1; National Assembly - percent of vote by party - ANC 62.2%, DA 22.2%, EFF 6.4%, IFP 2.4%, NFP 1.6%, UDM 1.0%, other 4.2%; seats by party - ANC 249, DA 89, EFF 25, IFP 10, NFP 6, UDM 4, other 17
Judicial branch:
highest court(s): Supreme Court of Appeals (consists of the court president, deputy president, and 21 judges); Constitutional Court (consists of the chief and deputy chief justices and 9 judges)
judge selection and term of office: Supreme Court of Appeals president and vice-president appointed by the national president after consultation with the Judicial Services Commission (JSC), a 23-member body chaired by the chief justice and includes other judges and judicial executives, members of parliament, practicing lawyers and advocates, a teacher of law, and several members designated by the national president; other Supreme Court judges appointed by the national president on the advice of the JSC and hold office until discharged from active service by terms of an Act of Parliament; Constitutional Court chief and deputy chief justices appointed by the national president after consultation with the JSC and with heads of the National Assembly; other Constitutional Court judges appointed by the national president after consultation with the chief justice and leaders of the National Assembly; Constitutional Court judges appointed for 12-year non-renewable terms or until age 70
subordinate courts: High Courts; Magistrates' Courts; labor courts; land claims courts
Political parties and leaders:
African Christian Democratic Party or ACDP [Kenneth MESHOE]
African Independent Congress or AIC [Mandla GALD]
African National Congress or ANC [Jacob ZUMA]
African People's Convention or APC [Themba GODI]
Agang SA [Mike Tshishonga]
Congress of the People or COPE [Mosiuoa LEKOTA]
Democratic Alliance or DA [Mmusi MAIMANE]
Economic Freedom Fighters or EFF [Julius MALEMA]
Freedom Front Plus or FF+ [Pieter GROENEWALD]
Inkatha Freedom Party or IFP [Mangosuthu BUTHELEZI]
National Freedom Party or NFP [Zanele kaMAGWAZA-MSIBI]
Pan-Africanist Congress of Azania or PAC [Luthanado MBINDA]
United Christian Democratic Party or UCDP [Isaac Sipho MFUNDISI]
United Democratic Movement or UDM [Bantu HOLOMISA]
Political pressure groups and leaders:
Congress of South African Trade Unions or COSATU [Sdumo DLAMINI, president]
South African Communist Party or SACP [Blade NZIMANDE, general secretary]
South African National Civic Organization or SANCO [Richard MDAKANE, national president]
note: COSATU and SACP are in a formal alliance with the African National Congress
International organization participation:
ACP, AfDB, AU, BIS, BRICS, C, CD, FAO, FATF, G-20, G-24, G-5, G-77, IAEA, IBRD, ICAO, ICC (national committees), ICCt, ICRM, IDA, IFAD, IFC, IFRCS, IHO, ILO, IMF, IMO, IMSO, Interpol, IOC, IOM, IPU, ISO, ITSO, ITU, ITUC (NGOs), MIGA, MONUSCO, NAM, NSG, OECD (Enhanced Engagement, OPCW, Paris Club (associate), PCA, SACU, SADC, UN, UNAMID, UNCTAD, UNESCO, UNHCR, UNIDO, UNITAR, UNWTO, UPU, WCO, WFTU (NGOs), WHO, WIPO, WMO, WTO, ZC
Diplomatic representation in the US:
chief of mission: Ambassador Mninwa Johannes MAHLANGU (since 23 February 2015)
chancery: 3051 Massachusetts Avenue NW, Washington, DC 20008
telephone: [1] (202) 232-4400 [1] (202) 232-4400
FAX: [1] (202) 265-1607
consulate(s) general: Chicago, Los Angeles, New York
Diplomatic representation from the US:
chief of mission: Ambassador (vacant); Charge d'Affaires Jessica LAPENN (since 20 January 2017)
embassy: 877 Pretorius Street, Arcadia, Pretoria
mailing address: P.O. Box 9536, Pretoria 0001
telephone: [27] (12) 431-4000
FAX: [27] (12) 342-2299
consulate(s) general: Cape Town, Durban, Johannesburg
Flag description:
two equal width horizontal bands of red (top) and blue separated by a central green band that splits into a horizontal Y, the arms of which end at the corners of the hoist side; the Y embraces a black isosceles triangle from which the arms are separated by narrow yellow bands; the red and blue bands are separated from the green band and its arms by narrow white stripes; the flag colors do not have any official symbolism, but the Y stands for the "convergence of diverse elements within South African society, taking the road ahead in unity"; black, yellow, and green are found on the flag of the African National Congress, while red, white, and blue are the colors in the flags of the Netherlands and the UK, whose settlers ruled South Africa during the colonial era
note: the South African flag is one of only two national flags to display six colors as part of its primary design, the other is South Sudan's
National symbol(s):
springbok (antelope), king protea flower; national colors: red, green, blue, yellow, black, white
National anthem:
name: "National Anthem of South Africa"
lyrics/music: Enoch SONTONGA and Cornelius Jacob LANGENHOVEN/Enoch SONTONGA and Marthinus LOURENS de Villiers
note: adopted 1994; a combination of "N'kosi Sikelel' iAfrica" (God Bless Africa) and "Die Stem van Suid Afrika" (The Call of South Africa), which were respectively the anthems of the non-white and white communities under apartheid; official lyrics contain a mixture of Xhosa, Zulu, Sesotho, Afrikaans, and English (i.e., the five most widely spoken of South Africa's 11 official languages); music incorporates the melody used in the Tanzanian and Zambian anthems


Economy ::  SOUTH AFRICA 
Economy - overview:
South Africa is a middle-income emerging market with an abundant supply of natural resources; well-developed financial, legal, communications, energy, and transport sectors; and a stock exchange that is Africa’s largest and among the top 20 in the world.

Economic growth has decelerated in recent years, slowing to an estimated 0.3% in 2016. Unemployment, poverty, and inequality - among the highest in the world - remain a challenge. Official unemployment is roughly 26% of the workforce, and runs significantly higher among black youth. Even though the country's modern infrastructure supports a relatively efficient distribution of goods to major urban centers throughout the region, unstable electricity supplies retard growth. Eskom, the state-run power company, is building three new power stations and is installing new power demand management programs to improve power grid reliability; in late 2016 they issued a request for bids to revamp South Africa’s nuclear power generating capabilities. Load shedding and resulting rolling blackouts gripped many parts of South Africa in late 2014 and early 2015 because of electricity supply constraints due to technical problems at some generation units, unavoidable planned maintenance, and an accident at a power station.

South Africa's economic policy has focused on controlling inflation; however, the country faces structural constraints that also limit economic growth, such as skills shortages, declining global competitiveness, and frequent work stoppages due to strike action. The government faces growing pressure from urban constituencies to improve the delivery of basic services to low-income areas, to increase job growth, and to provide university level-education at affordable prices. Political infighting among South Africa’s ruling party and the volatility of the Rand risks economic growth. International investors are concerned about the country’s long-term economic stability; as of December 2016, most major international credit ratings agencies placed South Africa only one level above junk bond status.
GDP (purchasing power parity):
$739.1 billion (2016 est.)
$735.4 billion (2015 est.)
$726.3 billion (2014 est.)
note: data are in 2016 dollars
country comparison to the world:  31
GDP (official exchange rate):
$280.4 billion (2016 est.)
GDP - real growth rate:
0.5% (2016 est.)
1.3% (2015 est.)
1.6% (2014 est.)
country comparison to the world:  186
GDP - per capita (PPP):
$13,500 (2016 est.)
$13,400 (2015 est.)
$13,400 (2014 est.)
note: data are in 2016 dollars
country comparison to the world:  118
Gross national saving:
16.3% of GDP (2016 est.)
16.4% of GDP (2015 est.)
15.5% of GDP (2014 est.)
country comparison to the world:  110
GDP - composition, by end use:
household consumption: 58%
government consumption: 19.9%
investment in fixed capital: 20.1%
investment in inventories: 0.5%
exports of goods and services: 34.9%
imports of goods and services: -33.4% (2016 est.)
GDP - composition, by sector of origin:
agriculture: 2.2%
industry: 29.2%
services: 68.7% (2016 est.)
Agriculture - products:
corn, wheat, sugarcane, fruits, vegetables; beef, poultry, mutton, wool, dairy products
Industries:
mining (world's largest producer of platinum, gold, chromium), automobile assembly, metalworking, machinery, textiles, iron and steel, chemicals, fertilizer, foodstuffs, commercial ship repair
Industrial production growth rate:
-1% (2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  181
Labor force:
21.7 million (2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  30
Labor force - by occupation:
agriculture: 4.6%
industry: 23.5%
services: 71.9% (2014 est.)
Unemployment rate:
26.8% (2016 est.)
25.4% (2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  185
Population below poverty line:
16.6% (2016 est.)
Household income or consumption by percentage share:
lowest 10%: 1.2%
highest 10%: 51.3% (2011 est.)
Distribution of family income - Gini index:
62.5 (2013 est.)
63.4 (2011 est.)
country comparison to the world:  2
Budget:
revenues: $76.62 billion
expenditures: $86.45 billion (2016 est.)
Taxes and other revenues:
27.3% of GDP (2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  96
Budget surplus (+) or deficit (-):
-3.5% of GDP (2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  124
Public debt:
43.3% of GDP (2016 est.)
44.4% of GDP (2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  113
Fiscal year:
1 April - 31 March
Inflation rate (consumer prices):
6.5% (2016 est.)
4.5% (2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  189
Central bank discount rate:
5.75% (31 December 2014)
7% (31 December 2009)
country comparison to the world:  71
Commercial bank prime lending rate:
10.6% (31 December 2016 est.)
9.42% (31 December 2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  79
Stock of narrow money:
$99.49 billion (31 December 2016 est.)
$91.72 billion (31 December 2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  36
Stock of broad money:
$172.7 billion (31 December 2015 est.)
$192.9 billion (31 December 2014 est.)
country comparison to the world:  45
Stock of domestic credit:
$209 billion (31 December 2016 est.)
$196.6 billion (31 December 2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  45
Market value of publicly traded shares:
$735.9 billion (31 December 2015 est.)
$933.9 billion (31 December 2014 est.)
$942.8 billion (31 December 2013 est.)
country comparison to the world:  16
Current account balance:
-$9.624 billion (2016 est.)
-$13.95 billion (2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  181
Exports:
$83.16 billion (2016 est.)
$81.63 billion (2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  38
Exports - commodities:
gold, diamonds, platinum, other metals and minerals, machinery and equipment
Exports - partners:
China 9.2%, US 7.6%, Germany 6.6%, Namibia 5.1%, Botswana 5.1%, Japan 4.9%, UK 4.1% (2015)
Imports:
$85.03 billion (2016 est.)
$84.33 billion (2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  35
Imports - commodities:
machinery and equipment, chemicals, petroleum products, scientific instruments, foodstuffs
Imports - partners:
China 18.4%, Germany 11.4%, US 7.1%, India 5% (2015)
Reserves of foreign exchange and gold:
$44.6 billion (31 December 2016 est.)
$45.91 billion (31 December 2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  40
Debt - external:
$129.7 billion (31 December 2016 est.)
$131.7 billion (31 December 2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  44
Stock of direct foreign investment - at home:
$128.3 billion (31 December 2016 est.)
$124.9 billion (31 December 2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  42
Stock of direct foreign investment - abroad:
$168.2 billion (31 December 2016 est.)
$162.8 billion (31 December 2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  27
Exchange rates:
rand (ZAR) per US dollar -
15.7 (2016 est.)
12.7581 (2015 est.)
12.7581 (2014 est.)
10.8469 (2013 est.)
8.2 (2012 est.)

Energy ::  SOUTH AFRICA 
Electricity access:
population without electricity: 7,700,000
electrification - total population: 85%
electrification - urban areas: 90%
electrification - rural areas: 77% (2013)
Electricity - production:
235 billion kWh (2014 est.)
country comparison to the world:  20
Electricity - consumption:
212 billion kWh (2014 est.)
country comparison to the world:  19
Electricity - exports:
14 billion kWh (2014 est.)
country comparison to the world:  13
Electricity - imports:
11 billion kWh (2014 est.)
country comparison to the world:  21
Electricity - installed generating capacity:
46 million kW (2014 est.)
country comparison to the world:  23
Electricity - from fossil fuels:
90.4% of total installed capacity (2013 est.)
country comparison to the world:  73
Electricity - from nuclear fuels:
4.4% of total installed capacity (2013 est.)
country comparison to the world:  25
Electricity - from hydroelectric plants:
4.5% of total installed capacity (2013 est.)
country comparison to the world:  130
Electricity - from other renewable sources:
0.7% of total installed capacity (2013 est.)
country comparison to the world:  104
Crude oil - production:
3,000 bbl/day (2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  86
Crude oil - exports:
0 bbl/day (2013 est.)
country comparison to the world:  187
Crude oil - imports:
466,100 bbl/day (2013 est.)
country comparison to the world:  21
Crude oil - proved reserves:
15 million bbl (1 January 2016 est.)
country comparison to the world:  88
Refined petroleum products - production:
488,200 bbl/day (2013 est.)
country comparison to the world:  36
Refined petroleum products - consumption:
663,000 bbl/day (2014 est.)
country comparison to the world:  32
Refined petroleum products - exports:
131,500 bbl/day (2013 est.)
country comparison to the world:  44
Refined petroleum products - imports:
169,900 bbl/day (2013 est.)
country comparison to the world:  37
Natural gas - production:
950 million cu m (2014 est.)
country comparison to the world:  65
Natural gas - consumption:
4.75 billion cu m (2014 est.)
country comparison to the world:  60
Natural gas - exports:
0 cu m (2013 est.)
country comparison to the world:  176
Natural gas - imports:
3.8 billion cu m (2014 est.)
country comparison to the world:  38
Natural gas - proved reserves:
15.01 billion cu m (1 January 2012 es)
country comparison to the world:  77
Carbon dioxide emissions from consumption of energy:
482 million Mt (2013 est.)
country comparison to the world:  14

Communications ::  SOUTH AFRICA 
Telephones - fixed lines:
total subscriptions: 4,131,055
subscriptions per 100 inhabitants: 8 (July 2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  40
Telephones - mobile cellular:
total: 85.197 million
subscriptions per 100 inhabitants: 159 (July 2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  19
Telephone system:
general assessment: the system is the best-developed and most modern in Africa
domestic: combined fixed-line and mobile-cellular teledensity is roughly 165 telephones per 100 persons; consists of carrier-equipped open-wire lines, coaxial cables, microwave radio relay links, fiber-optic cable, radiotelephone communication stations, and wireless local loops; key centers are Bloemfontein, Cape Town, Durban, Johannesburg, Port Elizabeth, and Pretoria
international: country code - 27; the SAT-3/WASC and SAFE fiber-optic submarine cable systems connect South Africa to Europe and Asia; the EASSy fiber-optic cable system connects with Europe and North America; satellite earth stations - 3 Intelsat (1 Indian Ocean and 2 Atlantic Ocean) (2015)
Broadcast media:
the South African Broadcasting Corporation (SABC) operates 4 TV stations, 3 are free-to-air and 1 is pay TV; e.tv, a private station, is accessible to more than half the population; multiple subscription TV services provide a mix of local and international channels; well-developed mix of public and private radio stations at the national, regional, and local levels; the SABC radio network, state-owned and controlled but nominally independent, operates 18 stations, one for each of the 11 official languages, 4 community stations, and 3 commercial stations; more than 100 community-based stations extend coverage to rural areas (2007)
Internet country code:
.za
Internet users:
total: 27.868 million
percent of population: 51.9% (July 2015 est.)
country comparison to the world:  24

Transportation ::  SOUTH AFRICA 
National air transport system:
number of registered air carriers: 23
inventory of registered aircraft operated by air carriers: 216
annual passenger traffic on registered air carriers: 17,188,887
annual freight traffic on registered air carriers: 885,277,991 mt-km (2015)
Civil aircraft registration country code prefix:
ZS (2016)
Airports:
566 (2013)
country comparison to the world:  11
Airports - with paved runways:
total: 144
over 3,047 m: 11
2,438 to 3,047 m: 7
1,524 to 2,437 m: 52
914 to 1,523 m: 65
under 914 m: 9 (2013)
Airports - with unpaved runways:
total: 422
2,438 to 3,047 m: 1
1,524 to 2,437 m: 31
914 to 1,523 m: 258
under 914 m: 132 (2013)
Heliports:
1 (2013)
Pipelines:
condensate 94 km; gas 1,293 km; oil 992 km; refined products 1,460 km (2013)
Railways:
total: 20,986 km
standard gauge: 80 km 1.435-m gauge (80 km electrified)
narrow gauge: 19,756 km 1.065-m gauge (8,271 km electrified)
other: 1,150 km (passenger rail, gauge unspecified, 1,115.5 km electrified) (2014)
country comparison to the world:  13
Roadways:
total: 747,014 km
paved: 158,952 km
unpaved: 588,062 km (2014)
country comparison to the world:  10
Merchant marine:
total: 3
by type: petroleum tanker 3
registered in other countries: 19 (Australia 1, Isle of Man 2, Mexico 1, NZ 1, Seychelles 1, Singapore 13) (2010)
country comparison to the world:  136
Ports and terminals:
major seaport(s): Cape Town, Durban, Port Elizabeth, Richards Bay, Saldanha Bay
container port(s) (TEUs): Durban (2,712,975)
LNG terminal(s) (import): Mossel Bay

Military and Security ::  SOUTH AFRICA 
Military expenditures:
1.1% of GDP (2015)
1.11% of GDP (2014)
1.12% of GDP (2013)
1.13% of GDP (2012)
1.14% of GDP (2011)
country comparison to the world:  100
Military branches:
South African National Defense Force (SANDF): South African Army, South African Navy (SAN), South African Air Force (SAAF), South African Military Health Services (2013)
Military - note:
with the end of apartheid and the establishment of majority rule, former military, black homelands forces, and ex-opposition forces were integrated into the South African National Defense Force (SANDF)
Military service age and obligation:
18 years of age for voluntary military service; women are eligible to serve in noncombat roles; 2-year service obligation (2012)

Transnational Issues ::  SOUTH AFRICA 
Disputes - international:
South Africa has placed military units to assist police operations along the border of Lesotho, Zimbabwe, and Mozambique to control smuggling, poaching, and illegal migration; the governments of South Africa and Namibia have not signed or ratified the text of the 1994 Surveyor's General agreement placing the boundary in the middle of the Orange River
Refugees and internally displaced persons:
refugees (country of origin): 28,695 (Somalia); 26,156 (Democratic Republic of the Congo); 17,776 (Ethiopia); 5,394 (Republic of the Congo) (2016)
Illicit drugs:
transshipment center for heroin, hashish, and cocaine, as well as a major cultivator of marijuana in its own right; cocaine and heroin consumption on the rise; world's largest market for illicit methaqualone, usually imported illegally from India through various east African countries, but increasingly producing its own synthetic drugs for domestic consumption; attractive venue for money launderers given the increasing level of organized criminal and narcotics activity in the region and the size of the South African economy




 
 









back to top

