










 













 













 













 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















RERH - Reliant Energy Retail Holdings, LLC | AcronymFinder

















Printer friendly

Menu

Search





"AcronymFinder.com


Abbreviation to define



Find

abbreviation
word in meaning
location



					Examples: NFL,
					NASA,
					PSP, HIPAA
					
						,random
						Word(s) in meaning: chat 
						"global warming"
						Postal codes: USA: 81657, Canada: T5A 0A7









What does RERH stand for?
RERH stands for Reliant Energy Retail Holdings, LLC




Suggest new definition


This definition appears very rarely
		and is found in the following Acronym Finder categories:Business, finance, etc.




Link/Page Citation


Page/Link
			Page URL:
			

			HTML link:
			<a href="http://www.acronymfinder.com/Reliant-Energy-Retail-Holdings%2c-LLC-(RERH).html">RERH</a>

Citations

MLA style: "RERH." Acronym Finder. 2017. AcronymFinder.com 28 Jul. 2017 http://www.acronymfinder.com/Reliant-Energy-Retail-Holdings%2c-LLC-(RERH).html
Chicago style: Acronym Finder. S.v. "RERH." Retrieved July 28 2017 from  http://www.acronymfinder.com/Reliant-Energy-Retail-Holdings%2c-LLC-(RERH).html
APA style: RERH. (n.d.) Acronym Finder. (2017). Retrieved July 28 2017 from  http://www.acronymfinder.com/Reliant-Energy-Retail-Holdings%2c-LLC-(RERH).html






Abbreviation Database Surfer
« PreviousNext »
Remote Read-Out ExperimentRadiation Effects Research FoundationRadiation Emergency Response Fund (Pennsylvania)Real Estate Recovery Fund (various locations)Real Exchange Rate Fluctuations (finance)Restaurant Employee Relief Fund (Louisiana Restaurant Association)Revenue Equalisation Reserve Fund (Kiribati)Real Estate Request for ProposalsRas-related, Estrogen-Regulated and Growth-inhibitory (gene)Requirements Engineering Research GroupReal Estate Research InstituteReal Exchange Rate Index (currency value)Regional Economic Research Institute (Florida)Renfrewshire, East Renfrewshire, and Inverclyde (Scotland, UK)Reservoir Engineering Research Institute (Palo Alto, CA; est. 1990)River Ecosystem Restoration Initiative (New Mexico Environment Department)Regional Energy Resources Information Center (Bangkok, Thailand)Real Estate Resources, Inc. (Cincinnati, OH)Revue Electronique sur les Réseaux et l'Informatique Repartie (French)Radar Echo Return Loss







 





RERH Holdings, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:57 AM ET
Electric Utilities

Company Overview of RERH Holdings, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
RERH Holdings, LLC through its subsidiaries, offers electricity and energy services to retail electricity customers including residential and small business customers and commercial, industrial, and governmental/institutional customers. The company was founded in 2006 and is based in Houston, Texas. As of May 1, 2009, RERH Holdings, LLC operates as a subsidiary of NRG Energy, Inc.


1000 Main StreetHouston, TX 77002United StatesFounded in 2006



Phone: 713-497-3000








Key Executives for RERH Holdings, LLC


RERH Holdings, LLC does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 3 Phases Renewables, LLC United States Abacus Resources Energy, LLC United States Access Energy, LLC United States Adams Electric Cooperative, Inc. United States Adams-Columbia Electric Cooperative United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact RERH Holdings, LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























RERH Holdings, LLC: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:57 AM ET
Electric Utilities

Company Overview of RERH Holdings, LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Key Executives for RERH Holdings, LLC
NameBoard RelationshipsTitleAgeThere is no Key Executives data available.
RERH Holdings, LLC Board Members*
NameBoard RelationshipsPrimary CompanyAgeThere is no Board Members data available.
RERH Holdings, LLC Executive Committees*
Committee NameChairpersonBoard RelationshipsMembersThere is no committee data available.
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.
Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



CEO COMPENSATION IN THIS INDUSTRY  Industry RangeSalary  597.8KBonus  372.3KTotal Short Term Compensation  755.2KTotal Value of Options  5.8MCompensation as of Fiscal Year   RERH Holdings, LLC CEO CompensationIndustry Average










INDUSTRY EXECUTIVE CHANGESStream Energy Appoints Leticia Castellanos as Vice President and General Manager of Energy ServicesJuly 26, 2017 12:00 PM ETDirectors of Dagestan Power Sale Company PAO Announces Board ChangesJuly 25, 2017 9:04 AM ETEdison International and Southern California Edison Appoint Timothy T. O’Toole to the Board of DirectorsJuly 24, 2017 5:47 PM ETEdison International and Southern California Edison Appoint Timothy T. O’Toole to the Board of DirectorsJuly 24, 2017 5:47 PM ETIDGC of Urals, OAO Announces Board AppointmentsJuly 24, 2017 2:37 PM ETSponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact RERH Holdings, LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























Rerh Holdings  Llc in Houston, TX 77002 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Texas
» Houston
» Combined Utilities
» Rerh Holdings  Llc













Rerh Holdings  Llc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





1000 Main St  Houston, Texas 77002


(713) 497-3000


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Rerh Holdings  Llc is located at the address 1000 Main St in Houston, Texas 77002.  They can be contacted via phone at (713) 497-3000 for pricing, hours and directions.  Rerh Holdings  Llc has an annual sales volume of 0 - 500K.  .For more information contact Wendi  Bickett, ManagerFor maps and directions to Rerh Holdings  Llc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Rerh Holdings  Llc see below.










Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (713) 497-3000
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 3
Exact Sales Volume: 170000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 0 - 500K
CATEGORIES:


Combined Utilities
Electric Utilities
Engine Repair
Motors & Engines Manufacturing & Wholesale
Business, Industry & Agriculture
Repair & Maintenance
Utilities
Manufacturing & Wholesale



People Also Viewed


North Forest Mud


16331 North Fwy  Houston, Texas 77090




HARRIS COUNTY MUD


13123 Oak Ledge Dr  Houston, Texas 77065




Blue Tip Energy Management LLC


15810 Park Ten Pl Ste 160 Houston, Texas 77084




NJ Resources


109 N Post Oak Ln  Houston, Texas 77024




Crosscountry Energy Corp


1400 Smith St  Houston, Texas 77002




H C M U D NO 217


12248 T C Jester Blvd  Houston, Texas 77067





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Wendi  Bickett
MANAGER
Phone: (713) 497-3000 
 



Wendi  Zerwas
EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT
Phone: (713) 497-3000 
 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM
















Second Amended  Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement Of Rerh Holdings, Llc A Delaware Limited Liability Company - Llc Operating Agreement - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > LLC Operating Agreement     > SECOND AMENDED  RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF RERH Holdings, LLC a Delaware Limited Liability Company

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Second Amended  Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement Of Rerh Holdings, Llc A Delaware Limited Liability Company
LLC Operating Agreement



You are currently viewing:
 This LLC Operating Agreement involves ARTHUR KILL POWER LLC | NRG Retail LLC | RERH Holdings, LLC | SECOND AMENDED  RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: SECOND AMENDED  RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF RERH Holdings, LLC a Delaware Limited Liability Company Governing Law: Delaware      Date: 12/21/2010 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day









 

Exhibit 3.178
 

SECOND AMENDED &
RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT
OF
RERH Holdings, LLC
a Delaware Limited Liability Company
 

THIS SECOND AMENDED &
RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT (this
“Agreement” ) of RERH Holdings, LLC (the
“Company” ) , dated as of October 5,
2009 is adopted by, and executed and agreed to, for good and
valuable consideration, by the Sole Member of the Company, NRG
Retail LLC, Delaware limited liability company.

 

ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS
 

1.1           
Definitions.
As used in this Agreement, the
following terms have the following meanings:

 

“ Act ” means the
Delaware Limited Liability Company Act and any successor statute,
as amended from time to time.

 

“ Agreement ” has
the meaning given that term in the introductory
paragraph.

 

“ Capital Contribution
” means the aggregate contribution by a Member to the capital
of the Company.

 

“ Certificate ”
has the meaning given that term in
Section 2.1.

 

“ Company ” means
RERH Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company.

 

“ Dispose, ”
“ Disposed, ” “ Disposing ”
or “ Disposition ” means a sale, assignment,
transfer, exchange, mortgage, pledge or other disposition
(including, without limitation, by operation of law); provided,
however, that this definition does not include the granting and/ or
perfection of a security interest lien or encumbrance.

 

“ Incapacity ” or
“ Incapacitated ” means (a) with respect to
a natural person, the bankruptcy, death, incompetency or insanity
of such person and (b) with respect to any other Person, the
bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or termination of such
Person.

 

“ Majority Members
” means Members holding a majority of the Units owned by all
Members or if there is only one Member, such Member.

 

“ Member ” means
any Person executing this Agreement as of the date of this
Agreement as a member or hereafter admitted to the Company as a
member as provided in this Agreement, but does not include any
Person who has ceased to be a member of the Company.
 
1 






 

“ Person ” means
a natural person, partnership (whether general or limited), limited
liability company, trust, estate, association, corporation,
custodian, nominee or any other individual or entity in its own or
any representative capacity.

 

“ Proceeding ”
has the meaning given such term in Section 5.1
.

 

“ Units ” means
the units of each Member representing such Member’s interest
in the income, gains, losses, deductions and expenses of the
Company as set forth on Schedule A hereto, as amended from
time to time in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement.

 

1.2           
Construction.
Whenever the context requires, the
gender of all words used in this Agreement includes the masculine,
feminine and neuter. All references to Articles and Sections refer
to articles and sections of this Agreement, and all references to
Schedules are to Schedules attached hereto, each of which is made a
part hereof for all purposes.

 

ARTICLE II
ORGANIZATION
 

2.1           
Formation.
The Company has been organized as a
Delaware limited liability company by the filing of a Certificate
of Formation (the “Certificate” ) under and
pursuant to the Act.

 

2.2           
Name. The name of the Company is “RERH Holdings,
LLC” and all Company business shall be conducted in that name
or such other names that comply with applicable law as the Majority
Members may select from time to time.

 

2.3           
Registered Office; Registered
Agent; Principal Office; Other Offices. The registered office of the Company required by
the Act to be maintained in the State of Delaware shall be the
office of the initial registered agent named in the Certificate or
such other office (which need not be a place of business of the
Company) as the Majority Members may designate from time to time in
the manner provided by law. The registered agent of the Company in
the State of Delaware shall be the initial registered agent named
in the Certificate or such other Person or Persons as the Majority
Members may designate from time to time in the manner provided by
law. The principal office of the Company shall be at such place as
the Majority Members may designate from time to time, which need
not be in the State of Delaware.

 

2.4           
Purposes. The purposes of the Company are to engage in any
business or activity that is not prohibited by the Act or the laws
of the jurisdictions in which the Company engages in such business
or activity.

 

2.5           
Foreign Qualification.
Prior to the Company’s
conducting business in any jurisdiction other than Delaware, the
Majority Members shall cause the Company to comply, to the extent
procedures are available and those matters are reasonably within
the control of the Majority Members, with all requirements
necessary to qualify the Company as a foreign limited liability
company in that jurisdiction.
 
2 





 

2.6           
Term. The term of the Company commenced on the date
the original certificate of formation was filed with the office of
the Secretary of State of Delaware and shall continue in existence
until termination and dissolution thereof as determined under
Section 8.1 of this Agreement.

 

2.7           
No State-Law
Partnership. The Members
intend that the Company not be a partnership (including, without
limitation, a limited partnership) or joint venture, and that no
Member be a partner or joint venturer of any other Member, for any
purposes other than federal and, if applicable, state tax purposes,
and this Agreement shall not be construed to suggest otherwise. The
Members intend that the Company shall be treated as a partnership
for federal and, if applicable, state income tax purposes, and each
Member and the Company shall file all tax returns and shall
otherwise take all tax and financial reporting positions in a
manner consistent with such treatment.

 

2.8           
Unit Certificates.
The number of authorized Units shall
initially be one thousand (1,000). Units may be represented by one
or more certificates in such form as the Majority Members may from
time to time approve, shall be recorded in a register thereof
maintained by the Company, and shall be subject to such
rules for the issuance thereof as the Majority Members may
from time to time determine.

 

ARTICLE III
MEMBERS, UNITS AND DISTRIBUTIONS
 

3.1         
Members.

 

(a)           
The names, residence, business or
mailing addresses and the Units of the Members are set forth in
Schedule A, as amended from time to time in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement.

 

(b)           
No Member, as such, shall be
required to lend any funds to the Company or to make any additional
contribution of capital to the Company, except as otherwise
required by applicable law or by this Agreement. Any Member may,
with the approval of the Majority Members, make loans to the
Company, and any loan by a Member to the Company shall not be
considered to be a Capital Contribution.

 

(c)          
Each Member shall execute a
counterpart of this Agreement, and when a Person is admitted as a
Member, such Person shall execute a counterpart of this Agreement
and such Person shall be listed as a Member on Schedule A
with such Member’s address and Units.

 

3.2           
Liability of Members.
Except as otherwise required by
applicable law and as explicitly set forth in this Agreement, no
Member shall have any personal liability whatsoever in its capacity
as a Member, whether to the Company, to any of the Members, to the
creditors of the Company or to any other third party, for the
debts, liabilities, commitments or any other
 
3 





 

obligations of the Company or for
any losses of the Company, and therefore, a Member shall be liable
only to make Capital Contributions to the Company and the other
payments as provided herein. To the extent that, at law or in
equity, a Member or other Person has duties (including fiduciary
duties) and liabilities relating thereto to the Company or another
Person, such Member or other Person acting in accordance with this
Agreement shall not be liable to the Company or any other Member
for its good faith reliance on the provisions of this
Agreement.

 

3.3           
Member Units.
Each Member’s interest in the
Company, including such Member’s interest in income, gains,
losses, deductions and expenses of the Company and the right to
vote on certain matters as provided in this Agreement, shall be
represented by the Units owned by such Member.

 

3.4           
Issuance of Additional Units and
Interests. The Majority
Members shall have the right to cause the Company to create and
issue or sell: (i) additional Units or other interests in the
Company (including other classes or series thereof having different
rights), (ii) obligations, evidences of indebtedness or other
securities or interests convertible or exchangeable into Units or
other interests in the Company and (iii) warrants, options or
other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire Units or other
interests in the Company. Upon the acquisition of any Units or
other interests in the Company by a Person who is not a Member,
such Person shall execute and deliver a counterpart of this
Agreement and shall become a Member hereunder, and Schedule
A hereto shall be amended to reflect such issuance and new
Member.

 

3.5           
Distributions.
Subject to the provision of the Act,
the Majority Members shall have sole discretion regarding the
amounts and timing of distributions to Members, in each case
subject to the retention of, or payment to third parties of, such
funds as it deems necessary with respect to the reasonable business
needs of the Company which shall include (but not by way of
limitation) the payment or the making of provision for the payment
when due of Company obligations, including the payment of any
management or administrative fees and expenses or any other
obligations.

 

ARTICLE IV
MANAGEMENT
 

4.1           
Management by the
Members. The powers of
the Company shall be exercised by or under the authority of, and
the business and affairs of the Company shall be managed under the
direction of, the Majority Members, and the Majority Members shall
make all decisions and take all actions for the Company.

 

4.2         
Actions by Members; Delegation of
Authority and Duties.

 

(a)           
In managing the business and affairs
of the Company and exercising its powers, the Majority Members
shall act through (i) meetings and written consents pursuant
to Sections 4.3 and 4.4 , and (ii) any Person to
whom authority and duties have been delegated pursuant to
Section 4.2(b) .
 
4 





 

(b)           
The Majority Members may, from time
to time, delegate to one or more Persons such authority and duties
as the Majority Members may deem advisable. In addition, the
Majority Members may assign titles (including, without limitation,
chairman, chief executive officer, president, vice president,
secretary, assistant secretary, treasurer and assistant treasurer)
to any such Persons and delegate to such other individuals certain
authority and duties. Any number of titles may be held by the same
individual. Any delegation pursuant to this
Section 4.2(b)  may be revoked at any time by the
Majority Members.
 

4.3         
Meetings.

 

(a)           
The Majority Members shall
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business of the Company,
and except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the act of the
Majority Members present at a meeting of the Members at which a
quorum is present shall be the act of the Members.

 

(b)           
Meetings of the Members may be held
at such place or places as shall be determined from time to time by
resolution of the Majority Members. At all meetings of the Members,
business shall be transacted in such order as shall from time to
time be determined by resolution of the Majority Members. Regular
meetings of the Members shall be held at such times and places as
shall be designated from time to time by resolution of the Majority
Members. Notice of such meetings shall not be required. Special
meetings of the Members may be called by the Majority Members, and
notice of such meeting need not state the purpose or purposes of,
nor the business to be transacted at, such meeting, except as may
otherwise be required by law.

 

4.4           
Action by Written Consent or
Telephone Conference. Any
action permitted or required by the Act, the Certificate or this
Agreement to be taken at a meeting of the Members may be taken
without a meeting if a consent in writing, setting forth the action
to be taken, is signed by the Majority Members. Such consent shall
have the same force and effect as a unanimous vote at a meeting and
may be stated as such in any document or instrument filed with the
Secretary of State of Delaware, and the execution of such consent
shall constitute attendance or presence in person at a


 








 


















Contingent Contribution Agreement - Contribution Agreement - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Contribution Agreement     > CONTINGENT CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Contingent Contribution Agreement
Contribution Agreement



You are currently viewing:
 This Contribution Agreement involves NRG ENERGY, INC. | Merrill Lynch Commodities, Inc | NRG RETAIL, LLC | RELIANT ENERGY RETAIL HOLDINGS, LLC | RERH HOLDINGS, LLC . RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: CONTINGENT CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT Governing Law: New York      Date: 5/7/2009 Industry: Electric Utilities        Sector: Utilities









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day












Exhibit 10.2



Execution Copy




 




CONTINGENT CONTRIBUTION
AGREEMENT



Dated as of May 1,
2009



By and among



NRG ENERGY, INC.



NRG RETAIL, LLC



RERH HOLDINGS, LLC



RELIANT ENERGY RETAIL HOLDINGS,
LLC



and



MERRILL LYNCH COMMODITIES,
INC.




 




 





 



TABLE OF CONTENTS





 


 


 


 


 




 


 



Page





 



 


 


 


 





ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS



 


 



1


 





 



 


 


 


 





SECTION 1.1 General



 


 



1


 





SECTION 1.2 Specific Terms



 


 



2


 





 



 


 


 


 





ARTICLE II CONTRIBUTIONS



 


 



4


 





 



 


 


 


 





SECTION 2.1 Initial Contribution



 


 



4


 





SECTION 2.2 Contingent Equity
Contributions



 


 



4


 





SECTION 2.3 Accelerated Contribution
Events



 


 



5


 





SECTION 2.4 Waiver



 


 



6


 





SECTION 2.5 Reinstatement



 


 



7


 





 



 


 


 


 





ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES



 


 



7


 





 



 


 


 


 





SECTION 3.1 Representations and Warranties of
Parent



 


 



7


 





SECTION 3.2 Indemnification; Expenses



 


 



8


 





 



 


 


 


 





ARTICLE IV COVENANTS OF PARENT



 


 



9


 





 



 


 


 


 





SECTION 4.1 Exclusivity



 


 



9


 





SECTION 4.2 Non-Reliance



 


 



9


 





SECTION 4.3 Investment Basket under NRG Credit
Agreement



 


 



9


 





SECTION 4.4 Other Covenants



 


 



9


 





 



 


 


 


 





ARTICLE V MISCELLANEOUS



 


 



10


 





 



 


 


 


 





SECTION 5.1 Liability of Parent



 


 



10


 





SECTION 5.2 Specific Performance



 


 



10


 





SECTION 5.3 Amendments



 


 



10


 





SECTION 5.4 Notices



 


 



11


 





SECTION 5.5 Merger and Integration



 


 



11


 





SECTION 5.6 Severability of
Provisions



 


 



11


 





SECTION 5.7 Governing Law



 


 



11


 





SECTION 5.8 Counterparts



 


 



11


 





SECTION 5.9 Nonpetition Covenant;
Bankruptcy



 


 



11


 





SECTION 5.10 Binding Effect; Assignability;
Third Party Beneficiary



 


 



12


 





SECTION 5.11 Term



 


 



12


 







 



CONTINGENT CONTRIBUTION
AGREEMENT


THIS CONTINGENT
CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT, dated as of May 1, 2009 (this “
Agreement ”), is entered into by and among NRG ENERGY,
INC., a Delaware corporation (“ Parent ”), NRG
RETAIL, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“ NRG
Retail ”), RERH HOLDINGS, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (“ RERH Holdings ”), RELIANT
ENERGY RETAIL HOLDINGS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(“ RERH ”) and Merrill Lynch Commodities, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (“ MLCI ”). Capitalized
terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the respective
meanings assigned to such terms in the CSRA (as defined below),
provided that, if, within such definition in the CSRA a further
term is used which is defined herein, then such further term shall
have the meaning given to such further term herein.



W I T N E S
S E T H :


          WHEREAS,
MLCI is entering into an Amended and Restated Credit Sleeve and
Reimbursement Agreement (the “ CSRA ”) dated as
of May 1, 2009 with RERH Holdings, the Other Reliant Retail
Obligors and Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. concurrently with the
entering into of this Agreement;


          WHEREAS,
NRG Retail has entered into a LLC Membership Interest Purchase
Agreement dated as of May 1, 2009 with Reliant Energy, Inc.
(“ REI ”), a Delaware corporation (the “
Purchase and Sale Agreement ”), pursuant to which NRG
Retail has agreed to purchase, and REI has agreed to sell to NRG
Retail, 100% of the equity interest in RERH Holdings, Reliant
Energy Retail Services, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company,
and Reliant Energy Services Texas, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company, owned by REI (the “ Retail
Acquisition ”) concurrently with the entering into of
this Agreement;


          WHEREAS,
in order to induce the parties to the CSRA to enter into the CRSA
pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
herein and in the CSRA, Parent desires to make at the times
specified herein and on the terms set forth herein capital
contributions to RERH.


          NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual
agreements hereinafter contained, and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, RERH
Holdings, Parent, NRG Retail, RERH and MLCI, intending to be
legally bound, hereby agree as follows:



ARTICLE I



DEFINITIONS


SECTION 1.1
General . The definitions of terms herein shall apply
equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined.
Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the
corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words
“include”, “includes” and
“including” shall be deemed to be followed by the
phrase “without limitation”. The word
“will” shall be construed to have the same meaning and
effect as the word “shall”. Unless the context requires
otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement,
instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring
to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to
time amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified, renewed
or replaced (subject to any restrictions on such




 


amendments,
restatements, supplements or modifications, renewals or
replacements set forth therein or herein), (b) any reference
herein to any Person shall be construed to include such
Person’s successors and permitted assigns, (c) the words
“herein”, “hereof” and
“hereunder”, and words of similar import, shall be
construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any
particular provision hereof and (d) all references herein to
Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to
Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this
Agreement.


SECTION 1.2
Specific Terms . Whenever used in this Agreement, the
following words and phrases, unless the context otherwise requires,
shall have the following meanings:


          “
Business Day ” means any day other than a Saturday,
Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to
close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, Houston, Texas
or New York City.


          “
Contractual Obligation ” means, as to any Person, any
provision of any security issued by such Person or of any
agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is
a party or by which it or any of its property is bound.


          “
Core Collateral Subsidiary ” shall mean each of
Louisiana Generating LLC, Huntley Power LLC, Dunkirk Power LLC,
Indian River Power LLC, Oswego Harbor Power LLC, Astoria Gas
Turbine LLC, Arthur Kill Power LLC, NRG Texas LP, NRG South Texas
LP and NRG Power Marketing.


          “
ERCOT ” means the Electric Reliability Council of
Texas, or any successor thereto.


          “
Excluded Subsidiaries ” means collectively, the
“Excluded Subsidiaries” from time to time as defined in
the NRG Credit Agreement and the “Immaterial
Subsidiaries” from time to time as defined in the Senior Note
Documents.


          “
Exempt Subsidiaries ” shall mean, collectively, NRG
Ilion LP LLC, NRG Ilion Limited Partnership, Meriden Gas Turbine
LLC, LSP-Nelson Energy LLC, NRG Nelson Turbines LLC, NRG Jackson
Valley Energy I, Inc., NRG McClain LLC, NRG Audrain Holding LLC,
NRG Audrain Generating LLC, NRG Peaker Finance Company LLC, Bayou
Cove Peaking Power, LLC, Big Cajun I Peaking Power LLC, NRG
Rockford LLC, NRG Rockford II LLC, NRG Rockford Equipment II LLC,
NRG Sterlington Power LLC and NRG Rockford Acquisition LLC, and
shall not, in any event, include any Core Collateral
Subsidiary.


          “
Governmental Authority ” means the government of the
United States of America, any other nation or any political
subdivision thereof, whether state, county, or local, and any
agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central
bank, independent system operator, transmission organization or
other entity to the extent exercising executive, legislative,
judicial, taxing, monetary, regulatory, supervisory or
administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to
government.


          “
Laws ” means, collectively, all international,
foreign, federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules,
guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or
judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or
administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with
the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all
applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests,
licenses, authorizations and permits of any Governmental
Authority.


          “
Material Adverse Effect ” means, with respect to any
Person, a material adverse effect upon (i) the business,
operations, property or financial condition of such Person and its
Subsidiaries taken

2



 


as a whole, or
(ii) the validity or enforceability against any such Person or
any of its Subsidiaries of this Agreement or any other Transaction
Document to which it is a party or the transactions contemplated
thereby or the rights and remedies of MLCI thereunder or the
performance by such Person of its obligations
thereunder.


          “
NRG Credit Agreement ” means the Second Amended and
Restated Credit and Guaranty Agreement dated as of June 8,
2007 among Parent, the lenders referred to therein, and Citicorp
North America, as administrative agent and collateral agent, as
each of the foregoing has been amended, restated, supplemented or
otherwise modified from time to time but shall not include any
restatement, replacement or refinancing thereof unless the
principal amount of Indebtedness outstanding and/or available to be
drawn under such replacement or refinancing is at least $100
million.


          “
NRG Parent Debt ” means (a) Senior Notes and
(b) NRG Credit Agreement.


          “
Organizational Documents ” means, (a) with
respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of
incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable
constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction);
(b) with respect to any limited liability company, the
certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating
agreement; and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint
venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership,
joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or
organization and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with
respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or
organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the
jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable,
any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such
entity.


          “
Person ” means any individual, corporation, firm,
partnership, joint venture, association, joint-stock company,
trust, unincorporated organization, limited liability company or
government or other entity.


          “
Significant Subsidiary ” shall mean any Subsidiary
that would be a “significant subsidiary” as defined in
Article 1, Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X, promulgated
pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Regulation is in effect on
the date hereof and shall in any event include the Core Collateral
Subsidiaries.


          “
Solvent ” mean, with respect to any Person on any date
of determination, that on such date (i) the fair value of the
property of such Person is greater than the total amount of
liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such Person,
(ii) the present fair salable value of the assets of such
Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the
probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become
absolute and matured, (iii) such Person does not intend to,
and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities
beyond such Person’s ability to pay such debts and
liabilities as they mature and (iv) such Person is not engaged
in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in
business or a transaction, for which such Person’s property
would constitute an unreasonably small capital. The amount of
contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount
that, in the light of all the facts and circumstances existing at
such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to
become an actual or matured liability; provided , that if
the context in which “Solvent” is used refers to a
Person together with its Subsidiaries, Person as used in this
definition shall be deemed to be a reference to such Person
together with its Subsidiaries.


          “
Subsidiary ” of a Person means a corporation,
partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other
business entity of which a majority of the shares of securities or
other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of
directors or other governing body (other than securities
or

3



 


interests
having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency)
are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is
otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries, or both, by such Person.


          “
Unrestricted Subsidiary ” shall have the meaning set
forth in the NRG Credit Agreement.



ARTICLE II



CONTRIBUTIONS


SECTION 2.1
Initial Contribution . Contemporaneously with the closing of
the Retail Acquisition, on the date hereof, Parent shall contribute
an amount in cash equal to $200,000,000 to the capital of RERH
Holdings (the “ Initial Contribution ”), without
recourse, to fund the working capital needs of RERH Holdings and
its Subsidiaries in accordance with Section 6.11(c) of the
CSRA, and RERH Holdings hereby agrees to accept the Initial
Contribution. Parent hereby acknowledges that the Initial
Contribution to RERH Holdings hereunder is absolute and
irrevocable, without reservation or retention of any interest
whatsoever by Parent. RERH hereby irrevocably directs Parent to
make the Initial Contribution directly as if it were
“revenue” under Section 6.11 of the
CSRA.


SECTION 2.2
Contingent Equity Contributions .


          (a) If,
and only if, on November 1, 2009, the then outstanding
Exposure under the CSRA exceeds the Target Exposure for such date
(the “ Additional Contribution Trigger ”),
Parent shall within two (2) Business Days of such date, make a
capital contribution in cash to RERH equal to $250,000,000 (“
Additional Contribution ”). Parent hereby acknowledges
that any Additional Contribution to RERH hereunder, subject to the
occurrence of the Additional Contribution Trigger or an Accelerated
Contribution Event, (i) is absolute and irrevocable, without
recourse, without reservation or retention of any interest
whatsoever by Parent and (ii) shall be required to be
contributed by Parent regardless of whether the amount of such
Additional Contribution would be sufficient to reduce Exposure
under the CSRA to the amount required for such date in the ESDS.
RERH hereby irrevocably directs Parent to make all Additional
Contributions directly to the account of MLCI in accordance with
Section 6.18 of the CSRA.


          (b) If,
and only if, on October 31, 2010, either (i) the Exposure
under the CSRA is in excess of zero or (ii) the Credit Sleeve
Termination Date has not occurred (either of (i) or (ii), a
“ Final Contribution Trigger ”), Parent shall on
such date make a capital contribution in cash to RERH in an amount
sufficient to permit RERH to reduce Exposure under the CSRA to zero
on such date and to the extent necessary to cause the Credit Sleeve
Termination Date to occur on such date (“ Final
Contribution ” and together with any Additional
Contribution, the “ Contingent Equity Contributions
”); provided , that Parent shall not be obligated to
contribute an amount under this clause (b) in excess of
$400 million (“ Maximum Amount of the Final
Contribution ”). Parent hereby acknowledges that the
Final Contribution to RERH hereunder, subject to the occurrence of
the Final Contribution Trigger or an Accelerated Contribution Event
(i) is absolute and irrevocable, without recourse, without
reservation or retention of any interest whatsoever by Parent and
(ii) shall be required to be contributed by Parent regardless
of whether the amount of such Final Contribution would be
sufficient to reduce Exposure under the CSRA to zero or to cause
the Credit Sleeve Termination Date to occur. RERH hereby
irrevocably directs Parent to make the Final Contribution directly
to the account of MLCI in accordance with Section 6.18 of the
CSRA.

4



 


          (c) To
the extent required by law or otherwise, the Parent, NRG Retail,
RERH Holdings and RERH agree that, notwithstanding that Parent
shall make Contingent Equity Contributions directly to RERH all
Contingent Equity Contributions shall be deemed to have been made
by the Parent to NRG Retail with a subsequent contribution from NRG
Retail to RERH Holdings with a subsequent contribution from RERH
Holdings to RERH. Each of NRG Retail and RERH Holdings hereby
acknowledges that it shall not have any interest in or right to any
Contingent Equity Contribution and to the extent it shall be deemed
to have any such interest or right therein it hereby absolutely and
irrevocably assigns all of its rights, title and interest hereunder
(including to any Contingent Equity Contributions hereunder),
without recourse, without reservation or retention of any interest
whatsoever to RERH.


          (d) It
is the intention of Parent, NRG Retail, RERH Holdings and RERH that
the Contingent Equity Contribution amounts contributed by Parent to
the capital of RERH pursuant to this Agreement shall not be part of
Parent’s, NRG Retail’s or RERH Holdings’ estate
in the event of the filing of a bankruptcy petition by or against
Parent, NRG Retail or RERH Holdings under any bankruptcy or similar
law.


          (e) The
Parent, NRG Retail, RERH Holdings and RERH agree that the
obligations of the Parent are not conditioned on RERH, NRG Retail
or RERH Holdings issuing any securities to the Parent, NRG Retail
or RERH Holdings in respect of any payment made in respect of the
Parent’s obligations pursuant to Sections 2.1 and 2.2
hereof and the obligations of the Parent shall not be construed as
an obligation of the Parent, NRG Retail or RERH Holdings to extend
a loan, credit or financial accommodation to NRG Retail, RERH
Holdings or RERH.


SECTION 2.3
Accelerated Contribution Events . Notwithstanding the
forgoing Sections 2.1 and 2.2, if, and only if:


     (a) an involuntary
proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be
filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or other relief
in respect of the Parent, any of its Significant Subsidiaries
(other than the Exempt Subsidiaries, the Unrestricted Subsidiaries
and the Excluded Subsidiaries) or any group of Significant
Subsidiaries (other than the Exempt Subsidiaries, the Unrestricted
Subsidiaries and the Excluded Subsidiaries) that, taken together,
would constitute a Significant Subsidiary or RERH Holdings or RERH
or their debts, or of a substantial part of any of their respective
assets, under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency,
receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or
(ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian,
sequestrator, conservator or similar official for the Parent, any
of its Significant Subsidiaries (other than the Exempt
Subsidiaries, the Unrestricted Subsidiaries and the Excluded
Subsidiaries) or any group of Significant Subsidiaries (other than
the Exempt Subsidiaries, the Unrestricted Subsidiaries and the
Excluded Subsidiaries) that, taken together, would constitute a
Significant Subsidiary or RERH Holdings or RERH or for a
substantial part of their assets, and, in any such case, such
proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for a period of
60 or more days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of
the foregoing shall be entered; or


     (b) the Parent,
any of its Significant Subsidiaries (other than the Exempt
Subsidiaries, the Unrestricted Subsidiaries and the Excluded
Subsidiaries) or any group of Significant Subsidiaries (other than
the Exempt Subsidiaries, the Unrestricted Subsidiaries and the
Excluded Subsidiaries) that, taken together, would constitute a
Significant Subsidiary or RERH Holdings or RERH shall
(i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition
seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any
Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or
similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the
institution of,

5



 


or fail to
contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or
petition described in clause (a) of this Section 2.3,
(iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver,
trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official
for the Parent, any of its Significant Subsidiaries (other than the
Exempt Subsidiaries, the Unrestricted Subsidiaries and the Excluded
Subsidiaries) or any group of Significant Subsidiaries (other than
the Exempt Subsidiaries, the Unrestricted Subsidiaries and the
Excluded Subsidiaries) that, taken together, would constitute a
Significant Subsidiary or RERH Holdings or RERH or for a
substantial part of any of their resp




 








 












 



RERH Holdings, LLC Employee Discounts, Employee Benefits, Employee Perks, Employee Discount Program - Corporate Shopping

















Exclusive Offers. Elite Brands. Easy Shopping.



GO 




FOLLOW US: 


login








RERH Holdings, LLC


Enjoy Private Employee Discounts, Exclusive Pricing and Friends & Family Sales.

























- REAL RECENT OFFERS -





Special employee pricing, everyday discounts,
		private offers, Friends & Family, and more!



You're in good company! All RERH Holdings, LLC employees are eligible for unbeatable deals at over 250 of the world's best retailers.
Lifetime registration is 100% free to all employees.

FIRST NAME:LAST NAME:EMAIL:CREATE PASSWORD:RE-TYPE PASSWORD:*ALTERNATE EMAIL:Instant Access!
We absolutely respect email privacy. Privacy Policy










Top Companies Eligible For Employee Discounts

ADP, Inc.
Advanced Auto
AIG
Albertsons
Ally Financial Inc.
American Family Insurance Company
Arby's
AT&T Corporation
Avaya Inc.
Amazon.com, Inc.
Amgen Inc.
Apple Inc.
Avis Budget Group, Inc.
3M Company
Abbott Laboratories
Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.
Aecom Technology Corporation
Agilent Technologies, Inc.
American International Group, Inc.
AOL Inc.
Ashland Inc.
Assurant, Inc.
Autoliv, Inc.
Avery Dennison Corporation
Avon Products, Inc.
Barclays Group US, Inc.
Bechtel Corporation
Best Buy
Big Lots Stores, Inc.
Booz Allen Hamilton Inc.
Burger King Corporation
Bed Bath & Beyond Inc.
Ball Corporation
Barnes & Noble, Inc.
Baxter International Inc.
BB&T Corporation
Becton, Dickinson and Company
Bemis Company, Inc.
Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
BorgWarner Inc.
Boston Scientific Corporation
Bristol-Myers Squibb Company
Caesars Entertainment
Cargill, Incorporated
Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.
US Department of Justice
Chevron Inc
ConocoPhillips Company
Coventry Health Care Inc.
Cox Enterprises, Inc.
McGraw-Hill
Crown Holdings, Inc.
Charter Communications, Inc.
Cognizant Technology Solutions 
Costco Wholesale Corporation
Cablevision Systems Corporation
Cameron International Corporation
Capital One Financial Corporation
CBRE Group, Inc.
CenturyLink, Inc.
Chubb Corporation
Computer Sciences Corporation
ConAgra Foods, Inc.
Con-way Inc.
Corning Incorporated
CSX Corporation
Cummins Inc.
Delaware North Companies, Inc.
Domino's Pizza 
Dunkin' Donuts 
Olive Garden
Chili's Grill & Bar 
DISH Network Corporation
Dollar Tree, Inc.
Dana Holding Corporation
Danaher Corporation
DaVita HealthCare Partners Inc.
Dean Foods Company
Deutsche Bank USA
US Department of Veterans Affairs
Dillards, Inc.
Dole Food Company, Inc
Dollar General Corporation
Dover Corporation
Dow Chemical Company
Duke Energy Corporation
EmblemHealth, Inc.
Emerson Electric 
Marriott International
Enterprise Rent-A-Car Company
Ernst & Young LLP
Colgate Palmolive
eBay Inc.
Express Scripts
Ecolab Inc.
Eli Lilly and Company
EMC Corporation
EMCOR Group, Inc.
Estee Lauder Companies, Inc.
Exelon Corporation
Exxon Mobil Corporation
First Data Corporation
Facebook, Inc.
Fifth Third Bancorp
Frontier Communications Corporation
Family Dollar Stores, Inc.
Fidelity National Financial, Inc.
Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.
FirstEnergy Corporation
Fluor Corporation
Foot Locker, Inc.
Ford Motor Company
Alcoa
Subway
Gamestop Corporation
Gannett Co.
General Electric 
General Mills, Inc.
General Motors Company
Genworth Financial Inc
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.
Google Inc.
Halliburton
HCR ManorCare, Inc.
HCSC Group
Health Care Service Corporation
Health Management Associates, Inc.
Health Net, Inc.
Hess Energy Inc.
Highmark Inc.
HSBC Bank USA
Hy-Vee, Inc.
Henry Schein, Inc.
H.J. Heinz Company
Hartford Financial Services Group
Hewlett-Packard Company
Hillshire Brands Company
Home Depot, Inc. 
Honeywell International Inc.
Hormel Foods Corporation
Huntington Ingalls Industries
Independence Blue Cross, Inc.
Instagram, Inc.
International Paper 
Intel Corporation
Illinois Tool Works Inc.
Ingram Micro Inc.
International Business Machines


Jabil Circuit
Jefferies & Company
John Deere
Johnson & Johnson Inc.
J.C. Penney Company
Jacobs Engineering Group Inc.
Jarden Corporation
Johnson Controls, Inc.
Kaiser Foundation Hospitals, Inc.
KFC 
Kiewit Corporation
Kimberly Clark Worldwide Inc.
PwC
Koch Industries, Inc.
Kroger Foods, Inc.
KBR, Inc.
Kellogg Company
Kindred Healthcare, Inc.
Kohls Corporation
Kelly Services, Inc.
Kraft Foods Group, Inc.
Laboratory Corporation of America
Liberty Interactive
Liberty Mutual Insurance
Liberty Global, Inc.
L-3 Communications
Las Vegas Sands Corp.
Lazard
LinkedIn Corporation
Loews Corporation
Mars, Incorporated
MASCO, Inc.
McKinsey & Company
Medtronic USA Inc.
Meijer, Inc.
Mattel, Inc.
Micron Technology, Inc.
Microsoft Corporation
Mondelez International, Inc.
ManpowerGroup
Marathon Petroleum Corporation
Marsh & McLennan Companies
Masco Corporation
McDonalds Corporation
Medtronic, Inc.
Merck & Company
Mohawk Industries, Inc.
Monsanto Company
Murphy Oil Corporation
National Oilwell Varco, L.P.
Nationwide
NBC Universal
New York Life Insurance Co.
News Corporation
Northern Trust Corporation
NCR Corporation
Nike, Inc.
Nordstrom, Inc.
Norfolk Southern Corporation
Nucor Corporation
Omnicom Group
OSI Restaurant Partners, LLC
Outback Steakhouse
Office Depot, Inc.
Officemax Incorporated
Omnicare, Inc.
Owens-Illinois, Inc.
Pinterest
Piper Jaffray & Co.
Pitney Bowes Inc.
Pizza Hut
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Progressive Casualty Insurance Company
Publix Super Markets
Parker-Hannifin Corporation
Pepsico, Inc.
Pfizer, Inc.
PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.
PPG Industries, Inc.
Praxair, Inc.
Prudential Financial
Dairy Queen
PACCAR Inc.
PetSmart, Inc
QUALCOMM Incorporated
Quest Diagnostics Incorporated
R.R. Donnelley & Sons Company
Ralph Lauren Corporation
Raytheon Company
Red Lobster
Regions Financial Corporation
Rite Aid
Rockwell Automation, Inc.
Ross Stores, Inc.
Ryder System, Inc.
Safeway Inc.
SAIC Inc
Samsung International, Inc.
Sanmina, Inc.
Sealed Air Corporation
Sears Holdings Corporation
Sempra Energy
Sherwin-Williams Company 
Smithfield Foods, Inc.
Sodexo, Inc.
Southern Company
Southwest Airlines Company
St. Jude Medical, Inc.
Stanley Black & Decker, Inc.
Starbucks 
Starwood Hotels & Resorts 
State Street Corporation
Stryker Corporation
SunTrust Banks, Inc.
SuperValu Inc.
Symantec Corporation
Taco Bell 
TD Bank, N.A.
Tenet Healthcare Corporation
Tenneco Inc.
Terex Corporation
Texas Instruments Incorporated
Textron Inc.
US Department of Homeland Security
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company
US Department of the Treasury
US Department of Agriculture
United States Department of Defense
The Shaw Group Inc.
The Timken Corporation
Travelers Companies, Inc.
Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc
Time Warner Cable
TJX Companies, Inc.
TravelCenters of America 
Twitter, Inc.
Tyson Foods
U.S. Bancorp
Union Pacific Corporation
United Airlines, Inc
United Continental Holdings
United Parcel Service
United States Steel Corporation
United Technologies Corporation
Universal Health Services, Inc.
Unum
URS Corporation
US Airways Inc.


Valero Energy Corporation
Vanguard Health Systems, Inc.
Verizon Communications
Viacom Inc.
Visteon Corporation
W.W. Grainger, Inc.
Walgreen Co.
Walt Disney Company 
Waste Management, Inc.
WellPoint Inc.
Wells Fargo & Company
Wendys 
Weyerhaeuser Company
Whirlpool 
Whole Foods Market, Inc.
Wynn Resorts
Xerox 
Yahoo
YRC Worldwide, Inc.
Yum Brands
Arizona State University
kijian.com
retailcodes.com
McKesson
Bank of America
Citibank
J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.	
Apple
CVS Caremark
IBM
Citigroup
Cardinal Health
UnitedHealth Group
Procter & Gamble
Archer Daniels Midland
AmerisourceBergen
Boeing
Walmart Stores
Target
MetLife
Caterpillar
State Farm Insurance
Comcast
Dell
UPS
Intel
Lowe's
Coca-Cola
Lockheed Martin
Cisco Systems
FedEx
Sysco
CHS
Dupont
Humana
Hess
Oracle
Delta Airlines
Aetna
American Express
Allstate
Morgan Stanley
General Dynamics
Phillip Morris
Mass Mutual
Cigna
Baker Hughes
Aramark
Darden Restaurants
Gap
Lear
Western Digital
3M
Community Health Systems
AMR
American Airlines
Northrop Grumman
State of New York
Fairfax County Public Schools
Los Angeles Unified School District
Houston Independent School District
Hawaii Department of Education
Dallas Independent School District
Montgomery County Public Schools
Credit Suisse
Verizon Wireless
UPS
Sprint
Motorola
O'Reilly Automotive
Interpublic Group
Jones Financial
Freeport McMoRan
HCA Healthcare
Fidelity Investments
 UnitedHealthcare
Highmark Blue Cross Blue Shield
Regence BlueCross BlueShield
CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield
State of Texas
UBS
mywalmart.com
Pennsylvania State University
Ohio State University
University of Minnesota
University of Texas at Austin
Ashford University
University of Central Florida
Texas A&M University
University of Florida
Michigan State University
State University of New York
City University of New York
California State University
University of California
Miami Dade College
Indiana University
New York City Department of Education
New York City Public Schools
City of Chicago School District 29
Dade County School District
Broward County School District
Clark County School District
Philadelphia City School Disctrict
Hillsborough County School District
Detroit City School District
Palm Beach County School District
Orange County School District
San Diego City Unified School Disctrict
Prince Georges County Public Schools
Duval County School District
State of California
City of New York
City of Los Angeles
City of Chicago
City of Houston
City of Philadelphia
City of San Antonio
City of San Diego
City of Dallas
City of San Francisco
City of Charlotte
City of Fort Worth
City of Detroit
State Government Employees
Apple EPP
GE





Top Employee Discounts

123 Inkjets
1800Baskets.com
1800Flowers.com
1800Mattress
7 for All Mankind
Advance Auto Parts
Amazon.com
American Eagle Outfitters
Angie's List
Ann Taylor
Ann Taylor Loft
Apple Store
Art.com
Ashford.com
Avis
Banana Republic
Bare Necessities
Barnes & Noble.com
Best Buy
Best Western
Bloomingdales
Blue Nile
Bluefly.com
Bobbi Brown
Brooks Brothers Corporate Membership
Victoria's Secret
Budget-Rent-A-Car
BuyCostumes.com
Calvin Klein 
CheapTickets.com
Choice Hotels®
Uber
Clarins
Clinique
Crate & Barrel
Vegas.com
Orlando Employee Discounts
Crocs.com
Darphin
Experian
Dell Home Systems
UGG
DIRECTV
Drugstore.com
eBags.com
Eddie Bauer
Enterprise Rent-a-Car
Estée Lauder
Expedia.com
Express
Fairmont Hotels
Fandango
Finish Line
Footlocker.com
FragranceNet.com
FTD.com
Gap.com
GNC Vitamins
GoDaddy.com
Godiva
Golf Smith
Groupon
Harry & David
Hertz
Sprint Discount Program
Holiday Inn Express
Holiday Inn® Hotels
Home Depot
Hotels.com
Ice.com
InterContinental® Hotels Group
J. Crew
J. Jill
JC Penney
Kate Spade
Kiehls
Kipling
Kohls.com
La Quinta Inns & Suites
Lancome


Lands' End
Levis
LifeLock Identify Theft
Lord & Taylor
Lowes
Lucky Brand Jeans
Macys
Magazines.com
Marriott Hotels
MLB.com Shop
Modells
Molton Brown
Moosejaw
Motel 6®
Nautica
NBA Store
Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH
Newegg
New York Times
NFL Shop
Nike Store
Nine West
Nordstrom
North Face
Office Depot
Old Navy
Orbitz
Origins
Philosophy
ProFlowers.com
Puma.com
Ralph Lauren
Red Envelope
REI
Restaurant.com
Saks Fifth Avenue
Sears
Sephora.com
Shari's Berries
Sheraton Hotels & Resorts
ShoeBuy.com
ShoeMall.com
Shoes.com
Sierra Trading Post
Snapfish
Solstice Sunglasses
Starbucks
Target
The Childrens Place
The Sports Authority
Tickets Now
TigerDirect.com
Timberland
Tory Burch
Travelocity
TurboTax
Under Armour
Verizon Wireless
Walmart.com
Weight Watchers
Westin Hotels
teleflora
Spanx
Starwood Hotels & Resorts
Club Monaco
Kenneth Cole
HotelStorm
Neiman Marcus Last Call
Rite Aid
Ticket Monster
Pier 1 Imports
Zipcar
Cox Communications
L.L.Bean
Kmart
Walgreens
Staples
T-Mobile
Sprint
Shutterfly


Tiny Prints
Coach
StubHub
hockeymonkey
Eve's Addiction
Pottery Barn
Rag & Bone
iTunes
Asos
Omaha Steaks
SeaWorld Parks
Samsung
Hilton Hotels & Resorts®
Geico
Evite
MICROSOFT HOME USE PROGRAM
Booking.com
Lacoste
Dockers
Cole Haan
CB2
Quicken Loans
Design Within Reach
Hyatt Hotels
Forever 21
West Elm
Liberty Mutual Insurance
CheapOair.com
T.J. Maxx
ESET
HP EMPLOYEE PURCHASE PROGRAM 
buybuy BABY
Old Pueblo Traders
Diesel
Talbots
Bed Bath & Beyond®
Sperry Top-Sider
Toms
Jo Malone
UNIQLO
39DollarGlasses.com
Gilt.com
HalloweenCostumes.com
Ticketmaster
Woot
Esurance
American Apparel
Williams-Sonoma
Verizon Broadband Services
La Mer
nomorerack.com
Carolee
PBteen
Pottery Barn Kids
Verizon Wireless Ford Employees
Verizon Wireless NYU Medical Center Employees
J.Crew Factory
DraftKings
Cars.com
Michael Kors
Billabong
QVC
Dell Member Purchase Program
DISH
American Express® Gift Cards
AccorHotels
LendingTree.com
GE Appliances Warehouse
W Hotels Worldwide
Embassy Suites by Hilton™
InterContinental® Hotels & Resorts
Hilton Garden Inn
Fairfield Inn & Suites® Marriott
Beaches® Resorts 
Atlantis Paradise Island Resort
Sandals Resorts International
Via
Parallels
U.S. Bank















Contribution Agreement, Contribution Contracts - Free Legal Documents (page 1 Of 24)

















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Contribution Agreement    

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents













SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>








Contribution Agreements 





	These Contribution Agreements are actual legal documents drafted by top law firms for their clients. Use them for competitive intelligence, drafting documents or to get information about transactions within a particular industry or sector. We have millions of legal documents and clauses that you can search for free.	



1) SALE AND CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENTParties: CREDIT ACCEPTANCE CORP | CREDIT ACCEPTANCE CORPORATION | CREDIT ACCEPTANCE FUNDING LLC | Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 
								Law Firm: Skadden Arps
								Document Date: 3/1/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
2) PURCHASE AGREEMENT dated as of February 28, 2017 between SANTANDER CONSUMER USA INC., as Seller and SANTANDER DRIVE AUTO RECEIVABLES LLC, as PurchaserParties: SANTANDER DRIVE AUTO RECEIVABLES LLC | SANTANDER CONSUMER USA INC 
								
								Document Date: 2/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
3) SAUDI ARAMCO ASSET TRANSFER AND CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT related toParties: ROWAN COMPANIES PLC | ROWAN REX LIMITED | SAUDI ARAMCO DEVELOPMENT COMPANY | Saudi Aramco Rowan Drilling Company 
								
								Document Date: 2/24/2017

4) ROWAN ASSET TRANSFER AND CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT related toParties: ROWAN COMPANIES PLC | ROWAN REX LIMITED | SAUDI ARAMCO DEVELOPMENT COMPANY | Saudi Aramco Rowan Drilling Company 
								
								Document Date: 2/24/2017

5) SUBSCRIPTION AND CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT by and amongParties: MATADOR RESOURCES CO | FP MMP Holdings LLC | LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM HOLDINGS, LLC | San Mateo Midstream, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 2/24/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
6) CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENTParties: PBF ENERGY INC. | Existing Operation and Management Services | Paulsboro Natural Gas Pipeline Company LLC | Paulsboro Refining Company LLC | PBF ENERGY COMPANY LLC | PBF Holding Company LLC | PBF Logistics GP LLC | PBF Logistics LP | PBFX Operating Company LLC | Restated Operation and Management Services 
								
								Document Date: 2/22/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
7) OMNIBUS CONTRIBUTION AND PARTIAL INTEREST ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENTParties: PARKWAY, INC. | CPPIB US RE-A, INC | PARKWAY OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP | Parkway Properties General Partners, Inc | Permian Investor GP LLC | PERMIAN INVESTOR LP 
								Law Firm: Paul Hastings;Sullivan Cromwell
								Document Date: 2/22/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
8) CONTRIBUTION, CONVEYANCE AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENTParties: TESORO LOGISTICS LP | Tesoro Corporation | Tesoro Logistics GP, LLC | Tesoro Logistics Operations LLC | Tesoro Refining  Marketing Company LLC 
								Law Firm: Pillsbury Winthrop;McGuireWoods;Andrews Kurth
								Document Date: 2/21/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
9) CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENTParties: PBF LOGISTICS LP | Existing Operation and Management Services | Paulsboro Natural Gas Pipeline Company LLC | Paulsboro Refining Company LLC | PBF ENERGY COMPANY LLC | PBF Holding Company LLC | PBF Logistics GP LLC | PBFX Operating Company LLC | Restated Operation and Management Services 
								
								Document Date: 2/16/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
10) CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT by and amongParties: PARSLEY ENERGY, INC. | DOUBLE EAGLE ENERGY PERMIAN LLC | Double Eagle Energy Permian Member LLC | DOUBLE EAGLE ENERGY PERMIAN OPERATING LLC | Parsley Energy, Inc | Parsley Energy, LLC | Section 1217, Double Eagle Energy HoldCo LLC 
								Law Firm: Vinson Elkins
								Document Date: 2/7/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
11) Contribution AgreementParties: COTY INC. | ASPEN COVE HOLDINGS, INC | COTY INC | Coty US Holdings Inc | UEV Holdings, LLC | Vice President, Complex Assets Group | YOUNIQUE, LLC 
								Law Firm: Sidley Austin;Kirkland Ellis
								Document Date: 2/1/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
12) FIRST AMENDMENT TO CONTRIBUTION AND EXCHANGE AGREEMENTParties: SPECIAL DIVERSIFIED OPPORTUNITIES INC. | P Standard General Ltd | Special Diversified Opportunities Inc | Standard General Focus Fund LP | Standard General Master Fund LP 
								
								Document Date: 1/30/2017

13) RISK RETENTION AGREEMENTParties: DISCOVER BANK | Discover Card Master Trust | DISCOVER FUNDING LLC | Issuer and US Bank National Association 
								
								Document Date: 1/23/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
14) RISK RETENTION AGREEMENTParties: DISCOVER BANK | Discover Card Master Trust | DISCOVER FUNDING LLC | Issuer and US Bank National Association 
								
								Document Date: 1/23/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
15) CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENTParties: USELL.COM, INC. | uSellcom, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 1/19/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
16) RISK RETENTION AGREEMENTParties: DISCOVER BANK | Discover Card Master Trust | DISCOVER FUNDING LLC | Issuer and US Bank National Association 
								
								Document Date: 1/17/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
17) RISK RETENTION AGREEMENTParties: DISCOVER BANK | Discover Card Master Trust | DISCOVER FUNDING LLC | Issuer and US Bank National Association 
								
								Document Date: 1/17/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
18) FIRST AMENDMENT TO INTEREST CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENTParties: FIRST CAPITAL REAL ESTATE TRUST INC | Capital Station 65 LLC (party-alias)and Avalon Jubilee LLC | Capital Station Holdings, LLC | Capital Station Member, LLC | First Capital Real Estate Operating Partnership, LP | First Capital Real Estate Trust Incorporated | Presidential Realty Corporation | Presidential Realty Operating Partnership LP | Township Nine Owner, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 1/12/2017

19) FIRST AMENDMENT TO INTEREST CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENTParties: PRESIDENTIAL REALTY CORP/DE/ | Capital Station 65 LLC (party-alias)and Avalon Jubilee LLC | Capital Station Holdings, LLC | Capital Station Member, LLC | First Capital Real Estate Operating Partnership, LP | First Capital Real Estate Trust Incorporated | Presidential Realty Corporation | Presidential Realty Operating Partnership LP | Township Nine Owner, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 1/12/2017

20) CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENTParties: BTHC X INC | BTHC X, Inc | iOra Software Limited | Lexalytics, Inc | Ramada Holdings, Inc | Stocksfield Limited 
								Law Firm: Loeb Loeb
								Document Date: 1/6/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
21) CONTRIBUTION AND TRANSFER AGREEMENT relating to the contribution and/or transfer of shares in Ziggo Group Holding B.V. and Vodafone Libertel B.V. to Lynx Global Europe II B.V. and the formation of the Netherlands joint ventureParties: LIBERTY GLOBAL PLC | LIBERTY GLOBAL EUROPE HOLDING BV | LYNX GLOBAL EUROPE II BV | VODAFONE GROUP PLC | VODAFONE INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS BV | Vodafone Libertel BV | VodafoneZiggo Group Holding BV 
								
								Document Date: 1/6/2017

22) On December 30, 2016, Baker Hughes Incorporated (" Baker Hughes ") announced the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Contribution Agreement among Baker Hughes Oilfield Operations, Inc. (" BHOO "), a wholly owned subsidiary of Baker Hughes; Allied Completions Holdings, LLC (" Partner ")Parties: BAKER HUGHES INC | Allied Completions Holdings, LLC | Allied Energy JV Contribution, LLC | Baker Hughes Incorporated | Baker Hughes Oilfield Operations, Inc | BJ Services, LLC | CSL Capital Management, LLC | Goldman, Sachs  Co | Investor JV | West Street Energy Partners 
								
								Document Date: 1/6/2017

23) CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENTParties: ALTA MESA HOLDINGS, LP | Alta Mesa Holdings GP, LLC | High Mesa Inc 
								Law Firm: Haynes Boone
								Document Date: 1/5/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
24) FIRST AMENDMENT TO EQUITY CURE CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENTParties: SOUTHCROSS ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. | Southcross Energy Partners GP, LLC | SOUTHCROSS ENERGY PARTNERS, LP | Southcross Holdings GP LLC | SOUTHCROSS HOLDINGS LP 
								
								Document Date: 1/3/2017

25) EMPIRE PETROLEUM ENTERS INTO AGREEMENT WITH MASTERSON WEST FOR PRODUCING RED CAVE OIL AND GAS PROPERTIESParties: EMPIRE PETROLEUM CORP | EMPR Empire Petroleum Corporation | Masterson West II, LLC | Masterson West, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 12/28/2016

26) INTEREST CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT by and amongParties: PRESIDENTIAL REALTY CORP/DE/ | AVALON JUBILEE, LLC | CAPITOL STATION 65, LLC | CAPITOL STATION HOLDINGS, LLC | CAPITOL STATION MEMBER, LLC | FIRST CAPITAL REAL ESTATE OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP | FIRST CAPITAL REAL ESTATE TRUST INCORPORATED | PRESIDENTIAL REALTY CORPORATION | PRESIDENTIAL REALTY OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP | TOWNSHIP NINE OWNER, LLC 
								Law Firm: Blank Rome;Nelson Mullins;Latham Watkins;Downey Brand
								Document Date: 12/20/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
27) INTEREST CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENTParties: FIRST CAPITAL REAL ESTATE TRUST INC | AVALON JUBILEE, LLC | CAPITOL STATION 65, LLC | CAPITOL STATION HOLDINGS, LLC | CAPITOL STATION MEMBER, LLC | FIRST CAPITAL REAL ESTATE OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP | FIRST CAPITAL REAL ESTATE TRUST INCORPORATED | PRESIDENTIAL REALTY CORPORATION | PRESIDENTIAL REALTY OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP | TOWNSHIP NINE OWNER, LLC 
								Law Firm: Blank Rome;Nelson Mullins;Latham Watkins;Downey Brand
								Document Date: 12/19/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
28) TAX PROTECTION AGREEMENTParties: PILLARSTONE CAPITAL REIT | PILLARSTONE CAPITAL REIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP | Protected Partners | WHITESTONE REIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP 
								
								Document Date: 12/13/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
29) CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT BY AND AMONGParties: PILLARSTONE CAPITAL REIT | AS COMPANY | PILLARSTONE CAPITAL REIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP | WHITESTONE REIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP 
								Law Firm: Morrison Foerster;Kutak Rock
								Document Date: 12/13/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
30) CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENTParties: PACIFIC ETHANOL, INC. | AURORA COOPERATIVE ELEVATOR COMPANY | PACIFIC AURORA, LLC | Pacific Ethanol Aurora East, LLC | Pacific Ethanol Aurora West, LLC | PACIFIC ETHANOL CENTRAL, LLC | Pacific Ethanol, Inc 
								Law Firm: Kutak Rock;Troutman Sanders
								Document Date: 12/12/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
31) TAX PROTECTION AGREEMENTParties: WHITESTONE REIT | PILLARSTONE CAPITAL REIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP | Protected Partners | WHITESTONE REIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP 
								
								Document Date: 12/9/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
32) CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT BY AND AMONGParties: WHITESTONE REIT | AS COMPANY | PILLARSTONE CAPITAL REIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP | WHITESTONE REIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP 
								Law Firm: Morrison Foerster;Kutak Rock
								Document Date: 12/9/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
33) Unaudited Pro Forma Consolidated Financial StatementsParties: WHITESTONE REIT | Bank of Montreal | BMO Capital Markets, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner  Smith Incorporated | Jackson National Life Insurance Company | Morgan Stanley Mortgage Capital Holdings LLC | Pillarstone Capital REIT Operating Partnership LP | US Bank National Association | Whitestone CP Woodland Ph 2, LLC | Whitestone Industrial-Office, LLC | Whitestone Offices, LLC | Whitestone REIT Operating Partnership, LP | Whitestone Uptown Tower, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 12/9/2016

34) ASSIGNMENT AND CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENTParties: REIGN SAPPHIRE CORP | Coordinates Collection, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 12/2/2016

35) CONTRIBUTION AND EXCHANGE AGREEMENTParties: SPECIAL DIVERSIFIED OPPORTUNITIES INC. | P STANDARD GENERAL LTD | Special Diversified Opportunities Inc | Standard General Focus Fund LP | STANDARD GENERAL MASTER FUND LP | Turning Point Brands, Inc 
								Law Firm: Young Conaway;Debevoise Plimpton
								Document Date: 11/25/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
36) CONTRIBUTION, CONVEYANCE AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENTParties: TESORO LOGISTICS LP | Tesoro Corporation | Tesoro Logistics GP, LLC | Tesoro Logistics Operations LLC | Tesoro Refining  Marketing Company LLC 
								Law Firm: Pillsbury Winthrop;McGuireWoods;Andrews Kurth
								Document Date: 11/21/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
37) CONTRIBUTION, CONVEYANCE AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENTParties: TESORO CORP /NEW/ | Tesoro Corporation | Tesoro Logistics GP, LLC | Tesoro Logistics LP | Tesoro Logistics Operations LLC | Tesoro Refining  Marketing Company LLC 
								Law Firm: Pillsbury Winthrop;McGuireWoods;Andrews Kurth
								Document Date: 11/21/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
38) CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENTParties: AROWANA INC. | AROWANA INC | AROWANA INTERNATIONAL LIMITED | Company of Company Shares | VIVOPOWER INTERNATIONAL PLC 
								
								Document Date: 11/17/2016

39) CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT by and amongParties: CONE MIDSTREAM PARTNERS LP | Article X, CNX Gas Company LLC | CONE GATHERING LLC | CONE Midstream DevCo I GP LLC | CONE Midstream DevCo I LP | CONE Midstream DevCo II GP LLC | CONE Midstream DevCo II LP | CONE Midstream DevCo III GP LLC | CONE Midstream DevCo III LP | CONE Midstream GP LLC | CONE Midstream Operating Company LLC | CONSOL Energy Inc | Noble Energy, Inc 
								Law Firm: Latham Watkins
								Document Date: 11/16/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
40) CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT by and amongParties: CONSOL ENERGY INC | Article X, CNX Gas Company LLC | CONE GATHERING LLC | CONE Midstream DevCo I GP LLC | CONE Midstream DevCo I LP | CONE Midstream DevCo II GP LLC | CONE Midstream DevCo II LP | CONE Midstream DevCo III GP LLC | CONE Midstream DevCo III LP | CONE Midstream GP LLC | CONE Midstream Operating Company LLC | CONE MIDSTREAM PARTNERS LP | Noble Energy, Inc 
								Law Firm: Latham Watkins
								Document Date: 11/16/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
41) CONE GATHERING LLC SELLS ADDITIONAL INTEREST IN PIPELINE AND COMPRESSION SYSTEMS TO CONE MIDSTREAM PARTNERS LPParties: CONSOL ENERGY INC | CONE Gathering LLC | CONE Midstream DevCo I LP | CONE Midstream Partners LP | Noble Energy, Inc | PIPELINE AND COMPRESSION SYSTEMS 
								
								Document Date: 11/16/2016

42) CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENTParties: GLADSTONE LAND CORP | GLADSTONE LAND LIMITED PARTNERSHIP | WASHINGTON SAN JOAQUIN FARMS, LLC 
								Law Firm: Bass Berry
								Document Date: 11/15/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:California
43) Earthstone Energy, Inc. and Bold Energy III LLC Announce Strategic Combination Earthstone Energy, Inc. Establishes Significant Operated Footprint in the Midland BasinParties: EARTHSTONE ENERGY INC | Bold Energy III LLC | Earthstone Energy, Inc | EnCap Investments LP 
								Law Firm: Richards Layton;Latham Watkins
								Document Date: 11/8/2016

44) CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT BY AND AMONG EARTHSTONE ENERGY, INC., EARTHSTONE ENERGY HOLDINGS, LLC, LYNDEN USA INC., LYNDEN USA OPERATING, LLC, BOLD ENERGY HOLDINGS, LLC AND BOLD ENERGY III LLCParties: EARTHSTONE ENERGY INC | BOLD ENERGY HOLDINGS, LLC | Bold Energy III LLC | EARTHSTONE ENERGY HOLDINGS, LLC | Earthstone Energy, Inc | LYNDEN USA INC | Lynden USA Operating, LLC 
								Law Firm: Vinson Elkins;Latham Watkins
								Document Date: 11/8/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
45) CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT dated as of August 2, 2016 between TCP ALGENIST LLC, ALGENIST HOLDINGS, INC., and TERRAVIA HOLDINGS, INCParties: TERRAVIA HOLDINGS, INC. | ALGENIST HOLDINGS, INC | TCP Algenist LLC | Tengram Capital Partners | TerraVia Holdings, Inc 
								Law Firm: Davis Polk
								Document Date: 11/4/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
46) SALE AND CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT dated as of July 22, 2016 amongParties: CHS INC | CHS CAPITAL, LLC | COFINA FUNDING, LLC | European Banking Authority | European Commission 
								
								Document Date: 11/3/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
47) CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENTParties: ENVIVA PARTNERS, LP | Enviva Development Holdings, LLC | Enviva Holdings, LP | Enviva Partners GP, LLC | Enviva Pellets Sampson, LLC | Enviva Wilmington Holdings, LLC | Enviva, LP | Evercore Group LLC 
								Law Firm: Vinson Elkins;Andrews Kurth
								Document Date: 11/3/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
48) FOR RELEASE: NOVEMBER 2, 2016Parties: PENNTEX MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP | Energy Transfer Partners, LP | PennTex Midstream Partners, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 11/2/2016

49) CONTRIBUTION, CONVEYANCE AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT dated as of October 28, 2016 By and AmongParties: DOMINION MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP | Dominion Midstream GP, LLC | DOMINION RESOURCES, INC | QPC HOLDING COMPANY | Questar Field Services, LLC | Questar Overthrust Pipeline, LLC | Questar Pipeline Company | Questar Pipeline, LLC | Questar White River Hub, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 10/31/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
50) SALE AND CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENTParties: CREDIT ACCEPTANCE CORP | CREDIT ACCEPTANCE CORPORATION | CREDIT ACCEPTANCE FUNDING LLC | Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 
								Law Firm: Skadden Arps
								Document Date: 10/31/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
 




Browse by StateGo directly to a specific page of results:123456789101112131415161718192021222324 
 
 

 












