 What Is Business Research? | Chron.com              Skip to main content.  What Is Business Research?  by Kimberleo        Companies use focus groups to sharpen their marketing strategy. David Woolley/Digital Vision/Getty Images   Related Articles  1 [Business Research] | Definition of Business Research 2 [Business Research Process] | The Steps in a Business Research Process 3 [Business Research] | The Nature & Importance of Business Research 4 [Business Research Methods] | Types of Business Research Methods    Business research is a field of practical study in which a company obtains data and analyzes it in order to better manage the company. Business research can include financial data, consumer feedback, product research and competitive analysis. Executives and managers who use business research methods are able to better understand their company, the position it holds in the market and how to improve that position.        Financial Data Financial data takes qualitative information--such as sales reports, revenues and cost reports--to see what areas make money and what costs money. By reviewing data, managers can find the products, staff and departments that are most efficient and determine areas of unnecessary costs. Consumer Feedback Understanding what the public says about the products and services a company provides is essential to making sure the company is meeting consumer needs. Customer feedback includes case studies, focus groups, customer surveys and questionnaires. Product Research Product research seeks to improve the product to meet the needs of consumers. This may include technological advancements, improved customer service or access to the product through a variety of distribution channels. Competitive Analysis Competitive analysis is when one company compares its products and services to those of another company. This can be done to improve the product, create a niche or determine a more attractive price point to lure customers. Industry Data Using research tools such as the information compiled by Dun & Bradstreet can help a company to understand how the industry as a whole is doing. This can help executives make decisions based on economic factors affecting their industry that are not limited to their own products.              References (1)   Management Library: Basic Business Research Methods   About the Author In 2001, Kay Miranda had her second screenplay purchased, then started writing a weekly column in "The Messenger," with work appearing in "Xquisite" and "Valley Scene Magazine." Miranda earned a Bachelor of Arts in bio-psychology from the University of Colorado. Fortunate to play collegiate tennis, Miranda has extensive travel and coaching experience.   Photo Credits  David Woolley/Digital Vision/Getty Images    Suggest an Article Correction      Related Searches           More Articles    [Business Research Process] | What Is a Business Research Process?    [Business Research Process Necessary] | Why Is the Business Research Process Necessary to Assist Managers?    [Business Report] | How to Write a Business Report to an Executive    [Business Research Decision-Making] | Steps Involved in Business Research Decision-Making          Also Viewed  [Business Research] | What Are the Functions of Business Research? [Consumer Research Process] | The Consumer Research Process [Scientific Vs. Unscientific Methods] | Scientific Vs. Unscientific Methods in Business Research [Research Business] | How to Start a Research Business [Management Decision] | The Importance of Statistics in Management Decision Making [Business Proposal] | Steps to Writing a Business Proposal [Development Business Strategies] | The Advantages of Research & Development Business Strategies            

RES Business Management LLC - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











RES Business Management LLC
Check out list of companies and businesses related to RES Business Management LLC. Find out RES Business Management LLC address and contact details. View other people related to RES Business Management LLC - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

C/O A. BENNETT-CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC 207 HIGH POINT DR., BLDG. 100 VICTOR 14564 NY




Companies related to RES Business Management LLC
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0000016918CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC.10% Owner 207 HIGH POINT DRIVE BUILDING 100 VICTOR 14564




RES Business Management LLC on the Web
Persons related to RES Business Management LLC - CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC.NamePositionCityA&Z 2015 BUSINESS HOLDINGS LP10% Owner VICTORA&Z 2015 BUSINESS MANAGEMENT LLC10% Owner VICTORABIGAIL J  BENNETT10% Owner VICTORABIGAIL J  BENNETT10% Owner VICTORABIGAIL J  BENNETT10% Owner VICTORALEXANDER  BERKChief Executive Officer, ALEXANDER  BERKCEO, Constell. Beers & Spirits FAIRPORTALEXANDER  BERKCEO, Constell. Beers & Spirits FAIRPORTALEXANDER  BERKCEO, Constell. Beers & Spirits VICTORGEORGE  BRESLERDirector GEORGE  BRESLERDirector FAIRPORTGEORGE  BRESLERDirector FAIRPORTFrederic  CumenalDirector NEW YORKPARTNERSHIP I  CWC10% Owner VICTORPARTNERSHIP  CWC II VICTORJose F  FernandezCEO, Constell Wines N. Amer. FAIRPORTJose F  FernandezCEO, Constell Wines N. Amer. VICTORJEREMY S G  FOWDENDirector RICHMONDJEREMY S G  FOWDENDirector VICTORJEREMY S G  FOWDENDirector VICTORBARRY A  FROMBERGDirector BARRY A  FROMBERGDirector FAIRPORTBARRY A  FROMBERGDirector VICTORBARRY A  FROMBERGDirector VICTORWilliam F.  HackettExec Vice President VICTORRobert Lee  HansonDirector PITTSBURGHRobert Lee  HansonDirector VICTORJEANANNE K  HAUSWALDDirector JEANANNE K  HAUSWALDDirector FAIRPORTJEANANNE K  HAUSWALDDirector FAIRPORTJEANANNE K  HAUSWALDDirector VICTORJEANANNE K  HAUSWALDDirector VICTORErnesto M  HernandezDirector VICTORF PAUL  HETTERICHExec. Vice President F PAUL  HETTERICHExecutive VP FAIRPORTF PAUL  HETTERICHExecutive VP FAIRPORTF PAUL  HETTERICHExecutive VP VICTORF PAUL  HETTERICHExecutive VP VICTORSusan S  JohnsonDirector ATLANTAThomas Michael  KaneExecutive VP, Chief HR Officer LANCASTERThomas Michael  KaneExecutive VP, Chief HR Officer VICTORDavid Eric  KleinExec Vice Pres. & CFO VICTORJAMES A  LOCKE IIIDirector JAMES A  LOCKE IIIDirector FAIRPORTJAMES A  LOCKE IIIDirector VICTORJAMES A  LOCKE IIIDirector VICTORDANIEL J  MCCARTHYDirector STAMFORDTHOMAS C  MCDERMOTTDirector THOMAS C  MCDERMOTTDirector FAIRPORTTHOMAS C  MCDERMOTTDirector FAIRPORTSTEPHEN BRIAN  MILLARCEO, Constellation Wines FAIRPORTSTEPHEN BRIAN  MILLARCEO, Constellation Wines FAIRPORTJON  MORAMARCOCEO, Constell. International FAIRPORTJON  MORAMARCOCEO, Constell. International VICTORTHOMAS J  MULLINExec. VP & Gen. Counsel FAIRPORTTHOMAS J  MULLINExecutive VP & General Counsel FAIRPORTTHOMAS J  MULLINExecutive VP & General Counsel VICTORTHOMAS J  MULLINExec. VP & Gen. Counsel VICTORWilliam A  NewlandsExec. Vice President DEERFIELDWilliam A  NewlandsEVP & Chief Growth Officer VICTORPETER M  PEREZDirector FAIRPORTPETER M  PEREZDirector VICTORRCT 2015 BUSINESS HOLDINGS LPVICTORRCT 2015 BUSINESS MANAGEMENT LLC10% Owner VICTORRES Business Holdings LPVICTORRHT 2015 BUSINESS HOLDINGS LPVICTORRHT 2015 BUSINESS MANAGEMENT LLC10% Owner VICTORRRA&Z Holdings LLCVICTORRSS 2015 BUSINESS HOLDINGS LPVICTORRSS 2015 BUSINESS MANAGEMENT LLC10% Owner VICTORRSS Business Holdings LPVICTORRSS Business Holdings LP10% Owner VICTORRSS Business Management LLC10% Owner VICTORRSS Business Management LLC10% Owner VICTORROBERT P  RYDERExecutive VP & CFO CLEVELANDROBERT P  RYDERExecutive VP & CFO FAIRPORTROBERT P  RYDERExecutive VP & CFO VICTORROBERT P  RYDERExecutive VP & CFO VICTORSANDS GRANDCHILDREN TRUST UA 1118198710% Owner FAIRPORTRICHARD  SANDSChairman of the Board FAIRPORTRICHARD  SANDSChairman of Board FAIRPORTRICHARD  SANDSChairman of Board VICTORRICHARD  SANDSChairman of the Board VICTORROBERT  SANDSPresident & CEO FAIRPORTROBERT  SANDSPresident & CEO FAIRPORTROBERT  SANDSPresident and COO FAIRPORTROBERT  SANDSPresident & CEO VICTORROBERT  SANDSPresident & CEO VICTORROBERT  SANDSPresident & CEO VICTORJUDY  SCHMELINGDirector ST. PETERSBURGJUDY  SCHMELINGDirector VICTORPAUL L  SMITHDirector VICTORPAUL L  SMITHDirector ROCHESTERPAUL L  SMITHDirector ROCHESTERPAUL L  SMITHDirector FAIRPORTPAUL L  SMITHDirector FAIRPORTPAUL L  SMITHDirector VCITORPETER H  SODERBERGDirector FAIRPORTPETER H  SODERBERGDirector VICTORChristopher  StenzelExec Vice President VICTORZACHARY M  STERN10% Owner VICTORTHOMAS S  SUMMERExecutive VP & CFO FAIRPORTTHOMAS S  SUMMERExecutive VP & CFO FAIRPORTKEITH E  WANDELLDirector ROCKFORDKEITH E  WANDELLDirector VICTORWildStar Partners LLCVICTORW KEITH  WILSONExecutive VP & CHRO FAIRPORTW KEITH  WILSONExec VP & Chief Admin Officer FAIRPORTW KEITH  WILSONExec VP & Chief HR/Admin Ofcr VICTORW KEITH  WILSONExecutive Vice President VICTORJohn A  WrightExec. Vice President VICTORJohn A  WrightExec VP & Pres., Wine&Spirits VICTORMark  ZupanDirector FAIRPORTMark  ZupanDirector VICTORMark  ZupanDirector VICTOR












 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 












	ADP Solutions for Small, Midsized, Large Business























































































Solutions that put
the humanity back
in human resources.




Share:



Discover the payroll and HR solution that's just right for your business.





Small
Business ›

1-49 employees

Whether you're just starting out, experiencing rapid growth or sustaining a mature company, we have small business solutions to help you succeed.

Learn about our Solutions for Small Businesses






Midsized
Business ›

50-999 employees

You can trust our proven, all-in-one HR Management solution to help you work smarter and propel your business forward.

Learn about our Solutions for Midsized Businesses






Large
Business ›

1,000+ employees

Complex organizations have complex HR problems. And complex business challenges are what we do best.

Learn about our Solutions for Large Businesses






Multinational
Business ›

of any size

Overcome the complex challenges of running a global business with service and support from the worldwide leader in Human Capital Management.

Learn about our Solutions for Multinational Businesses





Services
 Employer Services
ADP's employer services help organizations like yours in every facet of the employment cycle — from recruitment to retirement — so you can focus on what you do best.

Human Capital Management (HCM) 
Payroll Services 
Talent Management 
Human Resource Management 
Health Care Reform Management 
Benefits Administration 
Time and Attendance 
HR Business Process Outsourcing (HR BPO) 
Professional Employer Organization (PEO) 
Retirement Services 
Insurance Services 
Tax and Compliance 
Payment Solutions 


 Worldwide Services
ADP provides payroll, global Human Capital Management and outsourcing services in more than 130 countries. Whether you operate in multiple countries or just one, we can provide local expertise to support your global workforce strategy.
Learn more about ADP Worldwide 






Premier Products
Say hello to our premier suite of HR solutions.


RUN Powered by ADP®
Small Business Payroll, Tax and Human Resources

ADP Resource®
Small Business Administrative Services Organization (ASO)

ADP TotalSource®
Small/Midsized Business Professional Employer Organization (PEO)

ADP Workforce Now®
Midsized Business Human Capital Management

ADP Vantage HCM®
Large Business Human Capital Management

ADP GlobalView® HCM
Global Human Capital Management

ADP Streamline®
Multinational Payroll

ADP® Mobile Solutions
Mobile access for employees

ADP SmartCompliance®
Tax and Payment Solutions for In-House and ERP Systems

ADP Health Compliance 
Comprehensive solutions to help manage all elements of ACA



Learn more about Our Premier Products › 
 




Let's talk.
Whether it’s just you starting out, or you’re already a thriving business,we’re here for you day to day, every step of the way.

Sales

877-623-7729


Click to chat


Schedule a Consultation



Support

Employees of ADP clients


ADP clients


Partners



Logins

RUN Powered By ADP


ADP Resource


ADP TotalSource


See all User Logins












































BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.






















































BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.


















































BBB Business Profile | Red Door Property Management, LLC



















Home
 > 
Accredited Business Directory
 > 
Property Maintenance
 > 
Red Door Property Management, LLC














BBB Accredited Business Profile






Red Door Property Management, LLC



Request a Quote

































Red Door Property Management, LLC






            Business Information
        






(317) 660-1626

Red Door Property Management, LLC
6 years in business

        3815 River Crossing Parkway #100
        Indianapolis, IN 46240-7746
    




                 WEBSITE
            





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 08/08/2011
            

                Business Started: 11/03/2010


                Business Incorporated: 11/03/2010 in IN





            Type of Entity
             
            Limited Liability Company       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Mr. Mike E Taylor, Owner/Member
                






            Business Category
        


                Property Maintenance
            




                            NAICS: Offices of Real Estate Agents and Brokers
                        

                            Real Estate Rental Service
                        

                            Real Estate Services
                        




See More Business Categories
See Less Business Categories












                    Licensing, Bonding or Registration
                
                This business is in an industry that may require professional licensing, bonding or registration. BBB encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.

                
            



See Less Business Information
See More Business Information


 








            Business Information
        







                    A+
                


                BBB Rating Scorecard
            







        Request a Quote
    





Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        









BBB Reason for Ratings


        BBB rating is based on 13 factors: Get the details about the factors considered.










BBB Reports On









Licensing









                        Licensing information is provided in the BBB Business Profiles to inform the public about industries that may require professional licensing, bonding, or registration. Better Business Bureau encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.
                    





Advertising Review









                        BBB promotes truth in advertising by contacting advertisers whose claims conflict with the BBB Code of Advertising.  These claims come to our attention from our internal review of advertising, consumer complaints and competitor challenges.  BBB asks advertisers to substantiate their claims, change ads to make offers more clear to consumers, and remove misleading or deceptive statements.
                    





Government Actions









                        BBB reports on known significant government actions involving the business's marketplace conduct.
                    





Out of Business









                        BBB reports on a company that is out of business for three years from the date the company closes its doors or ceases to do business.
                    





Misuse of Better Business Bureau Name/Logo









                        BBB reports on unauthorized use of the Better Business Bureau's name and/or logo for as long as the business continues to use it in any advertising, or for one year after the business ceases any repeated unauthorized uses.
                    





Bankruptcy









                        BBB reports on a business’s bankruptcy as long as the business remains in bankruptcy.
                    





Mail Returned









                        BBB reports when mail sent to the business was returned by the Postal Service.
                    
























Red Door Property Management, LLC






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        












 




                Red Door Property Management, LLC
            
BBB ACCREDITATION SINCE 03/31/2017










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    



88%


12%




[7] Positive Reviews



[0] Neutral Reviews



[1] Negative Reviews



[8] Total Customer Reviews
                        





[2] Total Customer Complaints
                        










Composite Score:





                        Red Door Property Management, LLC has received 4.84 out of 5 stars based on 8 Customer Reviews and a BBB Rating of A+.
                        






                            Comprised of 67% BBB Rating and 33% Customer Review Rating.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business. The Customer Review
                            Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive, neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                        

                            The BBB letter grade represents the BBB's opinion of how the business is likely to interact with its customers.
                            The BBB grade is based on BBB file information about the business.
                            In some cases, a business' grade may be lowered if the BBB does not have sufficient
                            information about the business despite BBB's requests for that information from the business.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating plus the BBB Rating is not a guarantee of a business'
                            reliability or performance. BBB recommends that consumers consider a business'
                            BBB Rating and Customer Review Rating in addition to all other available information
                            about the business.
                        









        Request a Quote
    






Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 























 


















BBB Minneapolis - Start With Trust - BBB of Minnesota and North Dakota



































 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











News




07/26/17


How to Choose an Estate Sale Business



07/26/17


BBBe A Good Neighbor: Participate in National Night Out



07/26/17


Tips on Finding a Rental Property



07/21/17


BBB Issues Warning on EGrid Sales



 More Local News »





                        Search here for businesses you can trust
                    












File a Complaint
GO NOW »







Auto Warranty Concerns?
FILE A CLAIM »







 








Nominate a Company!







Free Quotes







Watch Videos







Torch Awards Winner







Torch Awards Winner







Torch Awards Winner







Torch Awards Winner







ScamTracker







Be More Visible























 











































































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













	Lana Management and Business Research International, LLC  
  
















Nurturing Your Dream


















Home

Who we are

Mission
Vision & Strategy



What we do

Services
Industry
Process



Why LMBRI


News & Events

Contact Us




 














Addressing Your Strategic Concerns






Diversifying Your Market






Securing Your Business










Better strategic decisions



Focused solely on the marketplace



Working together seamlessly









Through our global reach



Expertise in local markets



Core expertise and strategic vision









Applying our powerful combination of information, analytics and experience



Evidence-based recommendations



Expertise in industry issues, business processes and market insights





















Company Overview

                LMBRI, LLC is a global company that offers a unique business opportunity. We partner with small and large companies to bring their products through the regulatory approvals to the market. Our knowledge and expertise in the US Healthcare Systems, and strategic                   More... 


Our Solutions

          Corporate Strategy


          New Market Entry


          Program Planning


          Program Management & Execution










Web Design Company  : Di SEO 

Copyright © LMBRI, LLC - All Rights Reserved







RES MANAGEMENT LLC - LOWELL, AR - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



AR



LOWELL



Management Services



Management Services



                            RES MANAGEMENT LLC
                                    



 





















R 


RES MANAGEMENT LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



10789 GRAM B CIR LOWELL, AR 72745
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2011
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $78,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Management Services
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Res Management Llc was founded in 2011, and is located at 10789 Gram B Cir in Lowell. It employs 2 employees and is generating approximately $78,000.00 in annual revenue. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







R

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started











































	Human Resources Management Software & Services | HRIS Software | ADP































































































































































Share:



HomeADP Solutions for Small, Midsized, Large BusinessHuman Resources Management




                            Human Resources Management
                        

A simple, strategicapproach to HumanResources Management.
ADP's Human Resources expertise can helpunlock the potential of your HR.






Human Capital ManagementPayroll ServicesTalent ManagementHuman Resources ManagementGovernment/Education ServicesAffordable Care ActBenefits AdministrationTime and Attendance

HR Business Process Outsourcing (HR BPO)Professional Employer Organization (PEO) 
Retirement ServicesInsurance ServicesTax and CompliancePayment Solutions



Human Resources Management Software
Here’s a novel idea: Let’s fix HR management. Let’s ditch the paperwork, and focus on the people. Let’s stop complaining about compliance. Instead of reacting, let’s act. We can do Human Resources Management together. Your organization plus our expertise. 
Simple and strategic approach to streamlining global Human Resources Management.

ADP has the people, processes and technology you need to help transform global Human Resources management from an administrative function to a powerful, vital and essential part of your business. And it starts with simplicity. By automating HR services, you can streamline activity and free up resources to focus on the more strategic opportunities and core activities that help your business grow and compete. 
HR Services: Benefit from the smarter, more efficient and effective HR management of tomorrow, today
 What would this new world of Human Resources Management look like? Imagine this:

Staying focused on your goals instead of global Human Resources Management hassles 
Less paperwork and more accurate records 
A voice in Washington to help you stay ahead of legislative changes 
Helping to stay compliant with Health Care Reform changes 
Reports that help you understand your employees, make smarter hiring decisions and help them work more efficiently. 
Tools for you and your employees that are a joy to use 

We’re ready when you are. 
It’s time for change. Time for HR management, payroll and tax filing, assistance, and training programs from a single partner, around the world. Time to revolutionize the workplace. Time to rethink global Human Resources Management. Are you ready?


Take the first step, and join us in rethinking global Human Resources Management

Small Business Solutions   1-49 employees
Human Resources Management   |   All Services 
Midsized Business Solutions   50-999 employees
Human Resources Management   |   All Services 
Large Business Solutions   1000+ employees
Human Resources Management   |   All Services 
Multinational Business Solutions   of any size
Human Resources Management   |   All Services 



ADP Worldwide Services
        Whether you operate in multiple countries or just one, we can provide local expertise to support your global workforce strategy. 











Support

Employees of ADP Clients
Client Administrators
User Logins




            Contact
        
Sales
800-225-5237
Are you an ADP client or an employee of an ADP client?


Click to chat with an 
													ADP Sales Representative








                            Have sales contact you:
                        

                            All fields are required.


                                First Name




                                Last Name




                                Company Name




                                # of Employees






                                ZIP Code




                                Email






                                Phone
















                                Are you a current ADP client?
Yes No 





                            Your
                            privacy
                            
                            is assured



Thank you for your interest.
                            A representative will call you
                            within one business day.
                            
                            






















































