


Research Affiliates
















































							Insights
							
								





Publications


Journal Papers


Explore Smart Beta


Videos & Webinars


Advisory Panel


Demographics







							Interactive Tools
							
								





Smart Beta 


Asset Allocation







							Strategies
							
								





RAFI


RAE


All Asset


Global Macro


Performance







							How to Invest
							
								
							
						





							About Us
							
								





Overview


Our Team


Press


Contact Us


Careers







My Profile



Search






My Profile



Search










Page Not Found
The requested page you are looking for has either moved or is no longer available. We’ve directed you back to our homepage so you can continue to browse the site.

CONTINUE BROWSING































            FEATURED
        


































(Webinar Replay) Forecasting Asset and Portfolio Expected Returns

















































CAPE Fatigue

When investors rely on any particular model all the time-and CAPE is often that model-fatigue inevitably sets in. We believe that a better approach for meeting future spending needs is to blend portfolios based on different models of return expectations.




























































Underweight FANMAG? Chillax!

If it seems everyone's portfolios—except yours—are overweight the FANMAG stocks, chillax! We're here to remind you not to forget the long–term value proposition of contra–trading: trimming pricey stocks and rebalancing into unloved stocks, exactly what the RAFI strategies are designed to do.
















































I Was Blind, But Now I See: Bubbles in Academe 

Academia is just as susceptible to bubbles in theories, insights, and models as is the financial and investment industry in following market pricing trends. Clear-eyed skepticism and a commitment to the scientific method can help us all avoid the bubble's forming in the first place.
















































Presidential Politics and Stock Returns: Is the Relation Real or Spurious?

An analysis of five international stock markets indicates that published findings of a correlation between US stock returns and the political party in the White House are spurious, highlighting the importance of caution in interpreting historical investment data.
















































Public Policy, Profits, and Populism

The Trump bump reveals market expectations of continuing public policies prioritizing stability, inhibiting creative destruction, depressing yields and wage growth, and inflating a profits bubble. If instead the Administration delivers reforms that allow creative destruction, invigorate growth, and raise returns to capital and wages, then the lofty profits of corporate incumbents will be at risk.
















































Which RAFI Index Strategy Is Right for You?

RAFI and RAFI Dynamic Multi-Factor have different risk and return characteristics. The choice between the two strategies should be determined by an investor’s objectives and their institutional governance mechanism.























































John West at the Morningstar Conference (April 27, 2017)
John West explains why using fundamental factors as a weighting and rebalancing anchor—not stock price—can help investors avoid the return drag associated with market capitalization.
















































Why Factor Tilts Are Not Smart “Smart Beta”

Our analysis of three first-generation smart beta strategies shows factor-replicated portfolios are ineffective substitutes for their smart beta counterparts, exhibiting poorer performance, high turnover, and low capacity.
























































(Video) Why Factor Tilts Are Not Smart “Smart Beta”

We challenge the common view that “smart beta” strategies and factor tilts are the same. In fact, factor-replicated portfolios are poor substitutes for their smart beta counterparts. Performance is poor, turnover is high, and capacity is terrible. Why? Implementation details matter—both for performance and for trading costs.


























































The Incredible Shrinking Factor Return

Managers who favor high factor loadings on market beta, value, or momentum generally do not derive nearly as much incremental return as theoretical factor return histories would suggest, and the culprit appears to be the real-world costs of implementation.
























































Alice in Factorland and the Incredible Shrinking Factor Return

Research by Rob Arnott, Vitali Kalesnik, and Lillian Wu shows that factor-tilt strategies suffer from substantial return slippage (vs. factor long–short paper portfolios) due to the real-world costs of implementation.



























            MULTI-FACTOR
        




















































RAFI Multi-Factor

RAFI Multi-Factor is a smart beta equity strategy that offers diversified factor exposures through allocations to value, low volatility, quality, momentum, and size.











































A Smoother Path to Outperformance with Multi-Factor Smart Beta Investing

You can outperform the market with substantially lower relative risk by diversifying across simple smart beta strategies based on a half dozen robust factors. Dynamically rebalancing these factor-based smart betas significantly improves returns.




























































Take the 5% Challenge! (or The “Lloyd Christmas” Lesson)

Most retirement calculators and pension plans target a return after inflation of 5%. Mainstream asset classes producing rock-bottom yields will be hard pressed to deliver. It’s time to get real. Take the 5% Challenge. Use our portfolio builder—and our expected returns—to calculate the probability of your portfolio earning a 5% real return.



























            2016 GRAHAM & DODD SCROLL AWARD OF EXCELLENCE
        








































Will Your Factor Deliver? An Examination of Factor Robustness and Implementation Costs

Not every factor profits investors when implemented through a passive strategy. Size and quality show weak robustness, and liquidity-demanding factors, such as illiquidity and momentum, are associated with high trading costs. Investors may be better off accessing these factors through active management rather than indexation. Published in the Financial Analysts Journal by Jason Hsu, Vitali Kalesnik, Noah Beck, and Helge Kostka.


























            OTHER JOURNAL PAPER AWARD WINNERS
        

























Winner of the 2015 William F. Sharpe Award for ETF/Indexing Paper of the Year: "A Framework for Assessing Factors and Implementing Smart Beta Strategies"

Investors might apply advanced techniques of quantitative analysis to discriminate between genuine premium-bearing factors and the spurious products of data-mining—but here’s a three-step heuristic. Published in the Journal of Index Investing by Jason Hsu, Vitali Kalesnik, and Vivek Viswanathan.




























Winner of the 2015 Bernstein Fabozzi/Jacobs Levy Award for Outstanding Article: "A Study of Low-Volatility Portfolio Construction Methods"

Long-term simulations in U.S., global developed, and emerging markets confirm that low-volatility strategies can potentially access risk-diversifying sources of excess return. However, portfolio construction methods should be sensitive to investibility and valuations. Published in the Journal of Portfolio Management by Jason Hsu, Tzee Chow, Feifei Li, and Li-Lan Kuo.




























 Winner of the 2012 William F. Sharpe Indexing Achievement Award for Institutional Investor Journals Paper of the Year: "Rebalancing and the Value Effect"

Value stocks typically enjoy higher dividends than growth stocks. Growth stocks, on the other hand, typically enjoy faster dividend growth. What most investors miss is that a portfolio of value stocks generates faster growth in dividends than a portfolio of growth stocks. Published in the Journal of Portfolio Management by Rob Arnott and Denis Chaves.





















            SMART BETA
        

























Forecasting Smart Beta and Factors: History Is Worse than Useless

Past is NOT prologue. With the proliferation of smart beta and factor strategies, investors should be vigilant to the pitfalls of data mining and performance chasing. Relative valuations can predict the long-term future returns of strategies and factors —not with any short-term precision— but well enough to add material value. Useful forecasting models should furthermore address implementation costs. 




























How Not to Get Fired with Smart Beta Investing

Lengthening the evaluation horizon, combining robust strategies, codifying investment beliefs, and improving communication can strengthen—and prolong—the principal–agent relationship.




























Charting the Journey in Smart Beta

Historical factor returns—net of changes in valuation levels—are much lower than recent performance suggests. In fact, many of the most popular new factors (some 458 at last count) have succeeded solely because they have become more expensive. This trend matters to investors because rising valuation levels inflate past performance, reduce potential future performance, and amplify the risk of mean reversion to historical valuations.




























Rethinking Conventional Wisdom: Why NOT a Value Bias?

Not all long-term sources of excess return are treated equally in portfolios, frustrating investors’ ability to meet their financial goals. Asset owners and their agents need to act now to address the primary sources of this disconnect: cognitive bias and principal–agent conflict.





















            ASSET ALLOCATION
        

























Quest for the Holy Grail: The Fair Value of the Equity Market

Macroeconomic volatility is a useful tool for contrarian investors who are seeking fair value in an equity market characterized by continually rising valuations.




























Record Low Costs to Trade!

Mean reversion is as applicable to trading costs as it is to valuation. Today’s costs to trade are at 56-year historical lows; they are due to rise soon. Now is the time to position your portfolio ahead of expected higher costs to trade and lower equity prices.




























Next Season’s Meager Harvest in Commercial Real Estate

US commercial property investors reaped high real returns over the last five years, but the climate is changing. Property prices are high, yields are low, and future expected returns portend a scantier harvest over the coming decade.





















            ACTIVE STRATEGIES
        

























Systematic Global Macro

The alternative factor premia of carry, momentum, and value may be combined to produce an attractive and diversifying source of investment return relative to the low yields and low returns of mainstream stocks and bonds.





















            VIDEOS
        














































How Not to Get Fired with Smart Beta Investing

Investors in smart beta strategies will and should expect bouts of underperformance, according to John West. In anticipation of this, owners and agents are encouraged to align their respective incentives and long-term interests.
















































Dynamic Multi-Factor Investing

Chris Brightman asserts that multi-factor equity investing and rebalancing using robust factors is a reliable strategy for outperforming the market without the burden of excessive volatility.
















































Forecasting Smart Beta

Rob Arnott explains why “history is worse than useless” in forecasting the alpha of smart beta strategies.




























            INTERACTIVE TOOLS
        











































            OUR STRATEGIES
        

























RAFI Strategies

RAFI strategies aim to generate excess returns versus the market benchmark through a systematic, contrarian rebalancing approach.










          Click here for the Strategy Performance
          Summaries.

















All Asset

All Asset strategies are global tactical asset allocation (GTAA) solutions that aim to deliver attractive real returns, equity diversification, and inflation protection via tactical long-only exposures.




























RAE™

RAE systematic active equity strategies seek to generate superior risk-adjusted returns.




























Global Macro

The Global Macro strategy aims to deliver uncorrelated absolute returns through leveraged long–short exposures to liquid derivatives contracts.





















            OTHER RECENT INSIGHTS
        

























(Webinar Replay) Forecasting Smart Beta and Factors: History Is Worse than Useless





























(Webinar Replay) Timing Smart Beta - Presentation





























How Not to Get Fired with Smart Beta Investing






















            In the News
        






































Rob Arnott on Bloomberg TV (April 10, 2017)









































Chris Brightman on Bloomberg TV (March 28, 2017)










































Rob Arnott on Bloomberg TV (March 1, 2017)
























Wall Street Journal: Rob Arnott, "Godfather of Smart Beta," Tells Investors: You're Doing It Wrong

April 28, 2017























Bloomberg: Lies, Damn Lies, and Financial Statistics

April 6, 2017























Fortune: Forget U.S. Stocks. Emerging Markets Are the Place to Be

March 31, 2017























Wall Street Journal: Why Emerging Markets Are Looking Better Than the U.S.A.

March 31, 2017























Fortune:  Why the Trump Bump Has Set Us Up for a Market Crash

March 7, 2017























Bloomberg News: Rob Arnott Says You’ll Be Sorry for Ignoring Smart Beta Warnings

February 16, 2017























Institutional Investor: Arnott--Back-Testing Won’t Help You

February 16, 2017























The Wall Street Journal: Trump Bump Boosts ‘Smart Beta’ Funds

February 5, 2017





















            Speaking Engagements
        



















Sept 7: Morningstar ETF Conference, Chicago, IL
Speakers: Chris Brightman and John West






















Oct 5: Bloomberg Invest ETF Conference, London
Speaker: Rob Arnott






















Oct 24: Inside ETFs Europe, London
Speaker: Rob Arnott






















Visual InsightsA smoother path to outperformance with multi-factor smart beta.























Read the Article






















Visual InsightsNot all "popular" factor strategies are a robust source of return.























Read the Article





















































Close
 Cookies Disclaimer
The content provided on this website is only informational and is not investment advice or any offer or sale of any investments. Any use of this content is subject to and evidence of the user’s acceptance of all important legal disclosures, disclaimers, terms of use and provisions found at www.researchaffiliates.com/en_us/about-us/legal.html, including the user’s complete release of liability for any use of the content, which may contain inaccuracies.
This site uses cookies to improve its performance, track usage, and improve a user’s experience. Your continued use of this site acts as your consent to the use of these cookies pursuant to the Research Affiliates Cookie Policy. To learn more about cookies or to use the site without cookies visit our Cookie Policy statement found at https://www.researchaffiliates.com/en_us/about-us/cookies-policy.html.



Disclaimer
You are now leaving the Research Affiliates, LLC website. The following link may contain information concerning investments, products or other information. Research Affiliates, LLC is not responsible for the accuracy or completeness of information on non-affiliated websites. The material available on non-affiliated websites has been produced by entities that are not affiliated with Research Affiliates, LLC. Descriptions of, references to, or links to products or publications within any non-affiliated linked website does not imply endorsement of that product or publication by Research Affiliates, LLC. Any opinions or recommendations from non-affiliated websites are solely those of the independent providers and are not the opinions or recommendations of Research Affiliates, LLC, which is not responsible for any inaccuracies or errors. THIS INFORMATION IS NOT AN OFFER TO BUY OR A SOLICITATION TO SELL ANY SECURITY OR INVESTMENT PRODUCT. SUCH AN OFFER OR SOLICITATION IS MADE ONLY BY THE SECURITIES' OR INVESTMENT PRODUCTS' ISSUER OR SPONSOR THROUGH A PROSPECTUS OR OTHER OFFERING DOCUMENTATION.
Cancel
Proceed
























Research Affiliates, LLC Executives, Organizational Chart, Company Profile Information, Contacts | Headquarters, Locations, News   












Submit

ContactCareersLogin

MENUtoggle
Our Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions [Column]  ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention  [Column]  Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation  [Column]  Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & Ranking Knowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News Pricing

Menu

HomeOur Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & RankingKnowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News PricingGet a Free ProfileSchedule a DemoRequest PricingContact UsLogin
Home / Companies / Research Affiliates, LLC


Research Affiliates, LLC

620 Newport Center Drive, Suite 900 
Newport Beach CA 92660 United States
Phone: +1 949-___-____
Fax: +1 949-___-____
http://www.researchaffiliates.com





9
Managers




11
IT employees




$2.4MEST.
IT Budget




Research Affiliates, LLC is a research firm that develops innovative indexing and asset allocation strategies for financial institutions with headquarters in Newport Beach, CA.






Sector (Industry)
Financial (Brokerage and Asset Management)
Financial (Financial Services)
Services (Business Services)


Employees
210


Revenue
$78.2M


FYE
12/31




Breaking news on investment signals




Date
Type
Inside Scoop




2015-11-11
Technology Updates
Topic: Cloud, Email.
Company ID: Research Affiliates, LLC, Newport Beach, CA
Opportunity: Deployed McAfee (mail server) in the last 60 Days.




2015-01-13
Marketing Scoop
Topic: Advertising.
Company: Research Affiliates, LLC, Newport Beach, CA
Opportunity: Experienced pain related to the tracking of its digital marketing and advertising efforts and recently deployed internally-developed solution to capture and aggregate traffic data from multiple sources to address the issue. 




2015-01-08
Marketing Scoop
Topic: Email.
Company: Research Affiliates, LLC, Newport Beach, CA
Opportunity: Recently deployed email marketing solutions, specifically Click Dimensions, in the last three months.







Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote




Technologies currently being used

IT
Marketing


Data Analytics/ Databases

Data Modeling/Mining
SAS

Master Data Management

Relational Databases
Microsoft SQL ServerSQL
Data Infrastructure

Cloud Systems
Zenoss

Email Hosting
McAfee (mail server)SMTP Server (inhouse)

IaaS
Amazon Web Services
Data Storage

Data Backup
CommVaultSmarshSymantec Enterprise Vault
Enterprise/ ERP

CRM
SalesForce

Enterprise Systems Support
Information Mgmt

Content Management
YouTube

User Experience
Click DimensionsFacebookLinkedInButtonMicrosoft SharePoint Server
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.
Advertising/ Search

Search Engine Optimization
G Suite (Formerly known as Google Apps )
Analytics

Business Intelligence
Python

Marketing Data Management
Microsoft SQL Server

Web Analytics
Google Analytics (GA)Google Analytics with Ad Tracking
Creative/ Content

Website Design
AddThisGoogle MapsLinkedInButtonMicrosoft Active Directory Web Services
eCommerce

Online Retailing
Adobe Dynamic Tag ManagementVMWare
Product/ Brand Mgmt

Mobile Application and Content Services
AndroidBlackBerryTwitter
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.



Become a RainKing power-user today!
RainKing's rich data provides clients with a deeper understanding of who will be making – and what will be driving – upcoming investments in IT. Know what your prospects are planning before your competition does, and beat them to the negotiating table.
Request a demo
Request a quote




Org chart of IT decision makers




Blake Borup
Software Architect
___@rallc.com
+1 949-___-____







Chris Harper
Vice President, IT Support
___@rallc.com
+1 949-___-____







Ihor Nadberezny
Vice President, IT
___@rallc.com
+1 949-___-____



This is just a subset of the full Org Chart for this company.


Want access to this and more? Become a client today!
RainKing clients get access to all 615 decision makers in this company's org chart.
Request a demo
Request a quote








Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote









To receive a FREE PDF of this company, simply fill out the form below










Get your free company profile




Search





Subscribe to our newsletter



Connect with Us
 





 





 





 





 







 




7700 Old Georgetown Road
Bethesda, MD 20814-6100
1.866.592.7122
contactus@rainkingonline.com


 Sitemap Terms of Use Privacy Policy 


©2017 RainKing




Research Affiliates, LLC : Top Money Managers  

 












Top Portfolio Products: PIMCO, Research Affiliates Add Strategies


 




































 



 Investment Advisor
Tech Center
Retirement Wire











 






 Investment Advisor
Tech Center





Trigger






 





 












Most Popular






Top-Rated 529 College Savings Plans: Savingforcollege.com







Prudential to Realign Its U.S. Businesses







These Millennial Advisors Are Killing It With Younger Clients















  This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers, click the "Reprints" link at the bottom of any article. 
  
January 11, 2015

    Top Portfolio Products: PIMCO, Research Affiliates Add Strategies  
JP Morgan Asset Management adds ETF; Nasdaq to buy Dorsey Wright








JPMorgan issued a new ETF.





New products and changes introduced over the last week include an announcement by PIMCO and Research Affiliates that they are adding new equity strategies; a new ETF from J.P. Morgan Asset Management; and Nasdaq’s announcement that it would acquire Dorsey, Wright & Associates.
Also, W.E. Donoghue & Co. added a new class of shares for one of its funds, and Goldman Sachs Asset Management has changed the name of one of its funds to reflect a repositioning of its strategy.









Complete your profile to continue reading and get FREE access to ThinkAdvisor.com, part of your ALM digital membership.

Your access to unlimited ThinkAdvisor.com content isn’t changing. Once you are an ALM digital member, you’ll receive:


                     Critical ThinkAdvisor information including continuing education articles and quizzes, Fact Sheets, Investing Guides, educational webcasts and videos, resources from industry leaders, and informative eNewsletters. 
                  

                     Exclusive discounts on ALM and ThinkAdvisor events. 
                  

                     Access to other award-winning ALM publications including GlobeSt.com and Law.com.
                  




Register Now


                  Already have an account? Sign In

















      4) W.E. Donoghue Adds New Class of Shares to Fund
W.E. Donoghue & Co., Inc. has announced the introduction of class C shares of its Power Dividend Index Fund (PWDAX; PWRCX).















« Prev
Next »






Next »


  Page 1 of 2







Single page view
Reprints
Discuss this story

We welcome your thoughts. Please allow time for your contribution to be approved and posted. Thank you.


Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. 







Related



El-Erian, Gross Split on Jobs Report ‘Wage Puzzle’ 
El-Erian is more optimistic than Gross on how the Fed will react to the drop in average earnings, but both...














By Marlene Y. Satter



ThinkAdvisor


Share this story







 












Want the latest investment news?
Sign up for the free Daily Wire newsletter bringing you the latest market updates, advisor best practices, industry statistics, and commentary to grow your business and manage your practice.





Sign up now—it's Free!
Subscribe Now →

You are signed up! 










Sponsor Showcase





         width:300px!important;max-height:36px;          
         
ThinkAdvisor TechCenter
ThinkAdvisor's TechCenter is an educational resource designed to give you a competitive edge by keeping you abreast of new tech innovations and need-to-know information that can be applied to your business.                        
          width:300px!important;max-height:36px;          
         

Financial Education Resource Center
ThinkAdvisor and the College for Financial Planning have partnered to bring you a series of helpful educational tools that you can use to take your career to the next level.                        
          padding: 0px 81px;width: inherit;          
         

Retirement Wire
Your resource for news, research and analysis to help you deliver more effective outcomes to your clients.                         









Resources







Tips to Improve Your Cyber-Strength
Solidify your cyber-strength with layered cybersecurity. Learn about password management systems and how combining them with two-factor authentication helps keep your online accounts safe.



5 Best Practices for Client Charitable Giving
Expand your client relationships utilizing these 5 best practices. Help them develop charitable giving strategies to optimize donations, expand giving and fulfill their philanthropic goals.



Millennials: Successfully Tapping into the Future of Your Practice
Millennials are the future of your practice; both as clients and employees. Understand how they think to capture them as clients, attract them as employees...


View All Resources










Webcasts






Keeping Compliant with the DOL’s First Fiduciary Rule Deadline
Jul 19, 2017
The first compliance deadline for the DOL’s fiduciary rule has kicked in … are you in compliance?


How to Craft Benefits Packages that Bridge Generations
Jun 29, 2017
Join this complimentary webcast to dive into the imperative demand benefits professionals, employers, and HR representatives must meet when it comes to customizing benefits packages,...


Health Care in Retirement: The Advisor Opportunity
Jun 28, 2017
Clients want to discuss health care costs in retirement.  We can help break down options and costs so your clients can better prepare.



View All Webcasts






















 




Featured Video

Preparing clients for life’s unexpected moments

Provided by Prudential Advisors
See how Prudential Advisors helped one couple take on a challenge they didn’t see coming.*Prudential Advisors is a brand name of The Prudential Insurance Company of America and its subsidiaries.

Share this video













Most Recent Videos









Morningstar: Everplan's Schneiderman on a New Service for Advisors' Clients 












Morningstar: Matt Lynch on How Vendors Can Best Serve Advisors












SMA Manager of the Year Richard Alpert on Finding the Best Dividend-Paying Stocks












SMA Manager of the Year Kera Van Valen on Defining 'Shareholder Yield'







Video Library ››





 




Also in ETFs

Investors Should Sit Tight When a Fund Changes Managers: Morningstar
Morningstar Acquires 40% Stake in ESG Ratings Firm Sustainalytics
Seward & Kissel Launches Regulatory Compliance Service: Portfolio Products
Bob Doll Sees Stocks Rising; Scores His 10 Predictions
Morningstar, MMI Launch Sustainable Investing Initiative

More ETFs




Explore Tags

Mutual Funds
Alternative Investments
ETFs
Barclays
PIMCO
BIll Gross
Goldman Sachs
JPMorgan
Goldman Sachs Asset Management
JPM









 

Topic Spotlight

















Advertise


Contact


About


Privacy Policy


Press


Reprints


RSS


eNewsletters


Magazines


Editorial Calendar


Terms of Use


ALM

           Copyright © 2017 ALM Media, LLC. All Rights reserved.
					




Twitter


LinkedIn


Facebook


Google Plus















Advertisement. Closing in 15 seconds.















Complete your profile to continue reading and get FREE access to ThinkAdvisor, part of your ALM digital membership

Your access to unlimited ThinkAdvisor content isn’t changing. Once you are an ALM digital member, you’ll receive:


          Unlimited Digital Access to ThinkAdvisor.com and other free ALM publications
        

          5 free articles across the ALM subscription network every 30 days 
        

          Your choice of ThinkAdvisor digital newsletters and over 70 others from popular sister publications
        

          Exclusive discounts on ALM events and publications
        




Register Now


        Already have an account? Sign In





*May exclude premium content
      




X

Sign in with your ALM Account





Remember Me




Or...
Sign In With LinkedIn

Register for an Account | Forgot Your Password






*May exclude premium content
          

























John West | Research Affiliates LLC | Email @rallc.com 











































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























John West

 Research Affiliates LLC  Managing Director, Product Specialist 


Updated On : 
                    Feb 28, 2017                            

export

















620 Newport Center Dr

Newport Beach, CA 92660


Email format for @rallc.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Private                
Employees: 
10 - 19

Revenue:  
1 - 2.5 Million

Industry:  
                        Finance->Investment Bank/Brokerage                    
SIC Code:  
                         6282  - Investment Advice








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    John West's email address, phone numbers, linkedin account, wiki may be included in Research Affiliates LLC's Lead411 profile and other Research Affiliates LLC email addresses with the @rallc.com domain format.  He is part of Research Affiliates LLC where he serves as the Managing Director, Product Specialist .  Research Affiliates LLC's main office is set in Newport Beach, CA. You can check their contact information on Lead411 under the Investment bank/brokerage category.  Some possible email formats for John West are JWest@rallc.com, John.West@rallc.com, John@rallc.com, and John_West@rallc.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@rallc.com addresses.            


Similar People:
John W - Technology
Located in ,  Applied Aerospace Structures Corporation (AASC) has John W serving as the organization's Sr. Manufacturing Engineer. Need John W's email, linkedin, phone numbers, facebook, wiki and biography? You can find essential contact information in Applied Aerospace Structures Corporation (AASC) Lead411 profile, along with their Applied Aerospace Structures Corporation (AASC) email addresses using the domain. Search for Applied Aerospace Structures Corporation (AASC) on Lead411 under the Other industry.  Some possible email formats for John W are JW@aascworld.com, John.W@aascworld.com, John@aascworld.com, and John_W@aascworld.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@aascworld.com addresses.
John W - Other
Alvis, Inc.'s Community reentry Specialist is John W. They are based in Columbus, OH, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Other industry. John W's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and biography information, and you can also find other Alvis, Inc. contact information and email addresses on Lead411 with the @alvis180.org domain format.  Some possible email formats for John W are JW@alvis180.org, John.W@alvis180.org, John@alvis180.org, and John_W@alvis180.org. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@alvis180.org addresses.
John W - Executive
For GuideSpark, Inc email addresses with the @guidespark.com format as well as facebook info, twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, as well as biography data for John W, you may check in GuideSpark, Inc's Lead411 profile. John W is currently the Senior Product Manager for GuideSpark, Inc. The company's CEO is . The contact information of GuideSpark, Inc on Lead411 is filed under the Saas. Their main offices are in Menlo Park, CA.  Some possible email formats for John W are JW@guidespark.com, John.W@guidespark.com, John@guidespark.com, and John_W@guidespark.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@guidespark.com addresses.



Similar Employees:
Rob Arnott - Executive
Rob Arnott is Research Affiliates LLC's CEO. Their Chairman/CEO is Rob Arnott. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Investment bank/brokerage industry. If you're checking for Research Affiliates LLC email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @rallc.com email format and possibly Rob Arnott's email. Research Affiliates LLC is based in Newport Beach, CA. You can also get Rob Arnott's linkedin info, twitter, phone numbers, wiki, and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Investment bank/brokerage category.  Some possible email formats for Rob Arnott are RArnott@rallc.com, Rob.Arnott@rallc.com, Rob@rallc.com, and Rob_Arnott@rallc.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@rallc.com addresses.
Chris Brightman - Finance
Have you been looking for contact information, like phone numbers and emails, on Chris Brightman?  Lead411 provides data on him which include twitter, linkedin url, wiki, and biography.  There is also Research Affiliates LLC email addresses within the @rallc.com profile so Chris Brightman's email could be included.  Chris Brightman is part of the Research Affiliates LLC which has its main offices in Newport Beach, CA.  Currently holds the post of Chief Investment Officer.  You can find the company data on Lead411 under the Investment bank/brokerage industry.  Some possible email formats for Chris Brightman are CBrightman@rallc.com, Chris.Brightman@rallc.com, Chris@rallc.com, and Chris_Brightman@rallc.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@rallc.com addresses.
Daniel Harkins - Legal
If you need @rallc.com email addresses for Research Affiliates LLC, you can find them on Lead411 as Daniel Harkins's email might be available. Daniel Harkins, the company's Chief Legal Officer , also has extensive contact information, including Research Affiliates LLC's facebook account, phone numbers, linkedin url, wiki, and biography. Newport Beach, CA-based Research Affiliates LLC can be found on Lead411 under the Investment bank/brokerage industry.  Some possible email formats for Daniel Harkins are DHarkins@rallc.com, Daniel.Harkins@rallc.com, Daniel@rallc.com, and Daniel_Harkins@rallc.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@rallc.com addresses.

People Directory > John West




















Robert D. Arnott - Wikipedia






















 






Robert D. Arnott

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Research Affiliates)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people with the same name, see Robert Arnott (disambiguation).


Robert D. Arnott





Born
(1954-06-29) June 29, 1954 (age 63)
Chicago, IL


Residence
U.S.


Nationality
U.S.


Fields
Finance


Institutions
Research Affiliates


Alma mater
University of California at Santa Barbara


Robert D. Arnott (born June 29, 1954) is an American entrepreneur, investor, editor and writer who focuses on articles about quantitative investing. He serves as chairman and chief executive officer of Research Affiliates, LLC, which advises on over $160 billion in institutional investment assets, as of year-end 2015. He is married with four children. He edited CFA Institute's Financial Analysts Journal from 2002–2006, and has edited three books on equity management and tactical asset allocation.[1] He is a co-author of the book The Fundamental Index: A Better Way to Invest, and co-editor of three other books relating to asset allocation and equity market investing.[2]
Arnott has also served as a Visiting Professor of Finance at the UCLA Anderson School of Management, on the editorial board of the Journal of Portfolio Management, the product advisory board of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, and the Chicago Board Options Exchange.[1] He previously served as Chairman of First Quadrant, LP, as global equity strategist at Salomon (now Salomon Smith Barney), president of TSA Capital Management (now TSA/Analytic), and as vice president at the Boston Company.[3]
Arnott has received seven[4] Graham and Dodd Scrolls and Awards, awarded annually by the CFA Institute for best articles of the year, and has received three Bernstein-Fabozzi/Jacobs-Levy awards from the Journal of Portfolio Management and Institutional Investor magazine.[5]



Contents


1 Writing
2 Research Affiliates, LLC
3 Political contributions
4 Education
5 Bibliography
6 Notes
7 External links



Writing[edit]
Arnott has published over 100 academic papers in refereed journals.[3] Topics of these papers have included mutual fund returns, the equity risk premium, tactical asset allocation, and alternative index investing.

2000, "Investment Management Reflections," with Andrew L. Berkin and Jia Ye. This paper argued that not only did 75% of actively managed equity mutual funds underperform the Vanguard S&P 500 Index Fund but that after taking into account taxation, 66 out of the 71 mutual funds in the sample underperformed. A later study that looked at the 1990s found that 322 out of 355 mutual funds in the sample underperformed the Vanguard S&P 500 Index Fund after tax.[6]
2002, "What Risk Premium is 'Normal'?" with Peter Bernstein. This paper argued that much of previous stock market returns had come from price-to-earnings ratio expansion and dividend yields, the former of which is unsustainable and the latter of which is historically low. Therefore, stock market returns will be lower in the long-term than they have historically been.[7] Arnott and Bernstein were awarded the Graham and Dodd Award for excellence in financial writing for this article.[8]
2003, "Surprise! Higher Dividends = Higher Earnings Growth," with Cliff Asness. This paper stated that against traditional theory, that the more a public company paid out in dividends, the greater that company's earnings grew. Results were statistically significant and robust with respect to time period and after controlling for the investment-to-GDP ratio, earnings yield, and the slope of the yield curve.[9]
2005, "Fundamental Indexation" with Jason Hsu and Philip Moore. This paper introduced the idea of weighting indices by fundamentals instead of capitalization, stating that indices weighted by fundamentals tend to outperform indices weighted by capitalization with similar volatility.[10] This paper was the recipient of the William F. Sharpe best-index related research paper award. Research Affiliates' fundamentally based indexes won the award for the most innovative benchmark index.[11]
2008, The Fundamental Index: A Better Way to Invest. This book, published by Wiley Press and co-authored with Jason Hsu and John West, examines in detail how the Fundamental Index approach to investing can overcome the structural return drag created by traditional capitalization-weighted index strategies.
2009, "Clairvoyant Value and the Value Effect" [12] with Feifei Li and Katy Sherrerd. Using the prism of "clairvoyant value" - the net present value of all future cash flows on an investment, which is only known long after-the-fact for stocks in decades past - this paper and related subsequent paper demonstrate that the market does a superb job of differentiating which stocks deserve premium valuation multiples, but then pays too much for them. Selected as the lead article in the Spring 2009 Journal of Portfolio Management.
2012, "Demographic Changes, Financial Markets, and the Economy" [13] with Denis Chaves. Spanning sixty years of data in two dozen economies, this paper demonstrates that demography plays a very important role in shaping GDP growth and capital market returns. It strongly suggests that the developed world should prepare for slower GDP growth in the years ahead, and softer stock and bond returns in the 2020s and beyond. This paper was selected as the lead article for the January/February 2012 issue of the Financial Analysts Journal, and went on to win a Graham and Dodd Scroll.
2013, "The Surprising Alpha from Malkiel's Monkey and Upside-Down Strategies" [14] with Jason Hsu, Vitali Kalesnik, and Phil Tindall. This paper documents that many of the popular so-called "smart beta" strategies work just as well, if not better, when turned upside-down, with their smallest and largest holdings reversed. In so doing, the paper demonstrates that the key to the success of these strategies is not the advertised method of the strategy, but the mere act of breaking the link between a stock's price and its weight in the portfolio. This paper was one of three winners of a Bernstein-Fabozzi/Jacobs-Levy Award, as one of the best articles in 2013 in the Journal of Portfolio Management.

Research Affiliates, LLC[edit]
In 2002, Arnott founded Research Affiliates, a Newport Beach, California-based investment management firm. As of June 30, 2016, about $161 billion in assets are managed worldwide using investment strategies developed by Research Affiliates.[15] The firm has been involved with fundamentally based indexes since mid-2004 and has worked with the FTSE Group to create indices based on this methodology.[16]
On January 8, 2006, Research Affiliates sold a minority interest in the company to Nomura Asset Management.[17]
In November, 2009, Research Affiliates was granted a patent for their index methodology that selects and weights securities using fundamental measures of company size. Laise, Eleanor (November 18, 2009). "Indexing Patent to Test Fund Firms". The Wall Street Journal. 
Political contributions[edit]
Arnott has given $750,000 to support The Club for Growth, a conservative anti-tax group. Arnott considers himself a libertarian, and opposes the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.[18] In 2015, Arnott donated $100,000 to America's Liberty PAC, a political action committee formed in support of Rand Paul's 2016 presidential bid.[19]
Education[edit]
Arnott graduated summa cum laude from UCSB in 1977 in economics, applied mathematics and computer science.[3][20] While a high school student in 1970, he attended the Summer Science Program.[21][dead link]
Bibliography[edit]
1. "The Myth of Dynastic Wealth: The Rich Get Poorer" with Lillian Wu and William J. Bernstein, Cato Journal, October 2015.
"Rip Van Winkle Indexing" with Vitali Kalesnik and Noah Beck, Journal of Portfolio Management, August 2015.
"Whither Bonds After the Demographic Dividend?" CFA Institute Conference Proceedings Quarterly, March 2015.
"Getting Smarter About Commodities" with Denis Chaves, Jodie Gunzberg, Jason Hsu, and Peter Tsui, Journal of Indexes, November/December 2014.
"The Glidepath Illusion ... And Potential Solutions" with Katrina Sherrerd and Lilian Wu, Journal of Retirement, Fall 2013. Selected as lead article
2. "A New 'New Normal' in Demography and Economic Growth" with Denis Chaves", Journal of Indexes, September/October 2013.
3. "The Surprising Alpha from Malkiel’s Monkey and Upside-Down Strategies" with Jason Hsu, Vitali Kalesnik, and Phil Tindall, Journal of Portfolio Management, Summer 2013. Winner of Bernstein-Fabozzi/Jacobs-Levy Award for 2013
4. "Clairvoyant Discount Rates", with Katy Sherrerd and Geoff Wilson, Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 2013.
5. "The Winner’s Curse: Too Big to Succeed?" with Lillian Wu, European Financial Review, Winter 2013, Selected as lead article.
6. "The Winner’s Curse: Too Big to Succeed?” with Lillian Wu, Journal of Indexes, November/December 2012.
7. "Rebalancing and the Value Effect" with Denis Chaves, Journal of Portfolio Management, Fall 2012.
8. "Demographic Changes, Financial Markets, and the Economy" with Denis Chaves, Financial Analysts Journal, January/February 2012. Selected as lead article. Winner of 2012 Graham and Dodd Scroll.
9. "Better Beta Explained: Demystifying Alternative Equity Index Strategies" Journal of Index Investing, Summer 2011.
10. "Selection Bias: How an index chooses stocks really does make a difference" with Li-Lan Kuo. Journal of Indexes, July/August 2011
11. "Is Your Alpha Big Enough To Cover Its Taxes? Revisited" with Andrew Berkin and Paul Bouchey. Investments and Wealth Monitor, January/February 2011. Selected as lead article
12. "Debt be not Proud: Getting Down to the Fundamentals of Sovereign Debt" Journal of Indexes, November/December 2010. Selected as lead article
13. "How UMAs Can Help Limit Your Tax Tab" with Brian Langstraat. Investment News, June 2010.
14. "Applying Valuation-Indifferent Indexing to Fixed Income" with Jason Hsu, Feifei Li and Shane Shepherd. Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 2010.
15. "Beyond Cap Weight: The Search for Efficient Beta" with Vitali Kalesnik, Paul Moghtader and Craig Scholl, Journal of Indexes, January/February 2010.
16. "Does Noise Create the Size and Value Effects" with Jason Hsu, Jun Liu and Harry Markowitz. Draft paper, pending publication.
17. "Applying Valuation-Indifferent Indexing to Fixed Income" with Jason Hsu, Feifei Li and Shane Shepherd. Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 2010.
18. "Illusions and Delusions" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 2006.
19. "Clairvoyant Value and the Growth/Value Cycle" with Feifei Li and Katy Sherrerd, Journal of Portfolio Management, Summer 2009.
20. "Clairvoyant Value and the Value effect" with Feifei Li and Katy Sherrerd, 'Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 2009. Selected as lead article. 21. "Bonds: Why Bother?" Journal of Indexes, May/June 2009. Selected as lead article.
22. "Noise, CAPM and the Size and Value Effects" with Jason Hsu, Journal of Investment Management, First Quarter 2008.
23."What is Wealth?" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, September/October 2006.
24."Fundamental IndexesTM: Current and Future Applications" with John West, Institutional Investor Fifth Anniversary Guide to ETFs, Fall 2006.
25."Expectations Shortfall" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, July/August 2006.
26."Implementation Shortfall" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, May/June 2006.
27."The Fiduciary Time Line: Implications for Asset Allocation" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 2006.
28."The Pension Problem: On Demographic Time Bombs and Odious Debt" Editor's Corner,Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 2005.
29."Disentangling Size and Value" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, September/October 2005.
30."Performance Fees: The Good, the Bad, and the (Occasionally) Ugly" Editor's Corner,Financial Analysts Journal, July/August 2005.
31."What Cost'Noise'?" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 2005.
32."Fundamental Indexation" with Jason Hsu and Phil Moore, Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 2005.
33."Whither Finance Theory?" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, January/February 2005.
34."Can We Keep Our Promises?" Editor's Corner,Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 2004.
35."The Policy Portfolio Problem" Editor's Corner,Financial Analysts Journal, July/August 2004.
36."Will We Retire Later and Poorer" with Anne Casscells, Journal of Investing, Summer 2004.
37."Blinded by Theory: How Finance Theory Leads Us Astray" Journal of Portfolio Management, Thirtieth Anniversary Edition, Summer 2004. 38."Ethics and Unintended Consequences" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, May/June 2004.
39."The Meaning of a Slender Risk Premium" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 2004.
40."Is Our Industry Intellectually Lazy?" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, January/February 2004.
41."Who's Minding the Store?" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 2003.
42."The Mystery of TIPS" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, September/October 2003.
43."Earnings Growth: The Two Percent Dilution" with Bill Bernstein, Financial Analysts Journal, September/October 2003.
44."Managing Investments for the Long Term" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, July/August 2003.
45."Dividends and the Three Dwarfs" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, May/June 2003.
46."Demographics and Capital Market Returns" with Anne Casscells, Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 2003.
47."What Risk Matters? A Call for Papers!" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 2003.
48."Surprise! Higher Dividends = Higher Earnings Growth" with Clifford S. Asness, Financial Analysts Journal, January/February 2003. 49."Dividends and Dividend Taxation" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, January/February 2003.
50."Risk Budgeting and Portable Alpha" Journal of Investing, Summer 2002.
51."What Risk Premium is 'Normal'?" with Peter L. Bernstein, Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 2002. Selected as Cover Article. Winner of Graham and Dodd Award for 2002. Translated and reprinted in Japanese Security Analysts Journal,July/August 2002.
52."DB and DC Plans Face a Trillion-dollar Time Bomb" Pensions and Investments, March 18, 2002.
53."The Death of the Risk Premium: Consequences of the 1990s" Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 2001.
54."The Management and Mismanagement of Taxable Assets" Journal of Investing, Winter 2001.
55."How Well Have Taxable Investors Been Served in the 1980s and 1990s" Journal of Portfolio Management, Summer 2000.
56."Tax-Advantaged Investing" Journal of Private Portfolio Management, Spring 1999.
57."Avoiding the Taxman: Tax-Efficient Investing" Journal of Private Portfolio Management, Winter 1998.
58."The Concept of Portable Alpha" with Eric A.T. Innes, Benefits and Pensions Monitor, October 1999.
59."A Fundamental Approach to Currency Valuation" Risk in Investment Portfolios: AIMR Conference Proceedings, November 1998.
60."Options and Protective Strategies" Journal of Investing, Summer 1998.
61."Surprise! TAA Can Work in Quiet Markets" Journal of Investing, Fall 1997.
62."Bull Market? Bear Market? Should You Really Care?" Journal of Portfolio Management, Fall 1997.
63."Quantitative Management: Its Role in the Coming Decade" Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 1994.
64."Winning in the '80s: What It Took" Journal of Investing, Winter 1994.
65."Controlling Insurance Risk and Consumer Costs: Asset Risk Under Risk-based Capital Requirements" with Dave Flynn, Journal of Insurance Regulation, July/August 1993.
66."Is Your Alpha Big Enough to Cover Its Taxes?" with Robert H. Jeffrey, Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 1993.
67."Tactical Currency Allocation" Financial Analysts Journal, July/August 1993.Translated and reprinted in Japanese Security Analysts Journal, November/December 1992.
68."Rebalancing: Why? When? How Often?" Lead article, The Journal of Investing, Spring 1993.
69."The Policy Management Challenge: Plugging the Performance Drain" Canadian Investment Review, Summer 1992.
70."Due Diligence" Journal of Portfolio Management, Winter 1992.
71."How Active Management Can Take the 'Drift' Out of Policy Asset Mix" with Greg Edwards, Canadian Investment Review, Winter 1992.
72."The Case for the Futures" with Greg Edwards, Benefits Canada, October 1992.
73."Style Management: The Missing Element in Equity Portfolios" Journal of Investing, Summer 1992.
74."Transaction Costs: Measurement and Control" with Wayne Wagner, Financial Analysts Journal, September/October 1990.
75."Reappraising the Asset Allocation Decision" with M. Leibowitz, L. Bader, R. Elenriksson, Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 1990.
76."Tactical Asset Allocation Concepts" Equity Insights, Chicago Mercantile Exchange, March 1990.
77."Tactical Asset Allocation" Futures, November/December 1989.
78."Forecasting Factor Returns" Journal of Portfolio Management, Fifteenth Anniversary Edition, Fall 1989.
79."A Total Differential Approach to Equity Duration" with M. Leibowitz, E. Sorensen, H. Hanson, Financial Analysts Journal, September/October 1989.Awarded 1989 Graham and Dodd Scroll. Chapter in Asset Allocation, Probus Press, 1988. Translated and reprinted in Japanese Security Analysts Journal, September 1989.
80."Global Asset Allocation: A World of Opportunity" Investment Management Review, January/February 1989.
81."The Future for Quantitative Investment Management" Journal of Portfolio Management, Winter 1998.
82."The Investment Management World of the 1990s" Institutional Investor/Investment Management Forum, December 1998.
83."Mounting Pressures for a Shift to Conservatism" Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 1998.
84."Asset Allocation for the Canadian Investor" Canadian Investment Review, Fall 1988.
85."The Equity Risk Premium and Stock Market Performance" with E.H. Sorensen, Journal of Portfolio Management, Summer 1988.
86."Asset Allocation-Look Before You Leap" with M. Leibowitz, L. Bader, R. Henriksson, Investment Management Review, March/April 1988.
87."Marketing Quantitative Product" Marketing Investment Management Services, Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts, February 1988.
88."The Right Way to Manage Your Pension Fund" with P.L Bernstein, Harvard Business Review, January/February 1988.
89."Portfolio Insurance: Trade-offs and Choices" with R.G. Clarke, Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 1987.
90."Cluster Analysis and Manager Selection" with J. Bailey, Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 1986.Selected as cover article.
91."Futures Strategy in Asset Allocation" The Challenge of Investing for Endowment Funds, Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts, October 1986.
92."S&P Additions and Deletions - A Market Anomaly" with .S.J. Vincent, Journal of Portfolio Management, Fall 1986.
93."Pension Funds and The Bottom Line: A Review" with R.G. Clarke, Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 1986.
94."Asset Allocation: The Challenges and Opportunities of Implementation" Asset Allocation for Institutional Portfolios, Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts, February 1986.
95."The Pension Sponsors View of Asset Allocation" Financial Analysts Journal, September/October 1985.
96."The Business Cycle and Security Selection" with W. Copeland, Lead article, Financial Analysts Journal, April/May 1985. Winner of the 1986 Graham and Dodd Scroll. Required reading for the CFA level III exam. Translated and published in Japanese Securities Analysts Journal, January 1988..
97."The Use and Misuse of Consensus Estimates" Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 1985.
98."Economics Considerations in Initiating and Adjusting Portfolio Positions" Improving the Investment Decision Process: Applying Economics Analysis to Portfolio Management, Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts, July 1984.
99."Systematic Asset Allocation - Reflections from the U.S.A." with J.N. von Germeten, Benefits International, May 1984.
100."Clues to Effective Asset Allocation" with J.N. von Germeten, Pensions and Investments, January 9, 1984 Feature.
101."Systematic Asset Allocation" with J.N. von Germeten, Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 1983. Winner of the 1984 Graham and Dodd Scroll. Required reading for the CFA level II exam. Translated and published in Japanese Securities Analysts Journal, September 1986.
102."What Hath MPT Wrought: What Risks Reap Rewards?" Journal of Portfolio Management, Fall 1983. Selected as lead article. Chapter in Selected Topics in Investment Management, Institutional Investor, 1988.
103."Cluster Analysis and Stock Price Co-movement" Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 1980.Required reading for the CFA Level III exam.
104."Modeling Portfolios of Covered Option" Journal of Portfolio Management, Fall 1980.
105."Relative Strength Revisited" Journal of Portfolio Management, Winter 1977.
106."FORTRAN Control of the Real-Time Signal Processing with High-Speed Processor" with J.D. Market, IEEE Transactions on Acoustics, Speech and Signal Processing, May 1977.
107."The Basic Speed Law for Capital Market Returns" with Brad Cornell, CFA Magazine, November/December 2008.
108."An Overwrought Orthodoxy" Institutional Investor, December 2007.
109."Blinded by Theory?" Institutional Investor, October 2004.
110."Past and Present Flaws in the Mantra of Stocks-for-the-long-run" with Peter L. Bernstein. short version. Pensions and Investments, February 18, 2002.
111."The Policy Management Challenge: Plugging the Performance Drain" Global Investing, May/June 1991.
112."Transaction Costs and Logn Term Performance" with Charles D. Walbrandt, Investing, Winter 1990.
113."The Transactions Costs Barrier" Investing, March/April 1990.
114."Derivatives, Program Trading and Volatility" Pensions & Investments, February 10, 1990.
115."Mistakes Result in Poor Global Performance" Pensions & Investments, October 16, 1989.
116."Reducing the Risks of Divestiture" with R. Boling, Feature,Pensions and Investment Age, August 5, 1985.
117."Portfolio Insurance's Future Rides on Futures" with R. Boling,Feature,Pensions and Investment Age, September 1, 1986.
Notes[edit]



^ a b ""Q&A with Rob Arnott" NAREIT - Capital Markets.". January–February 2007.  Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "Wiley: The Fundamental Index: A Better Way To Invest.". 
^ a b c "Robert D. Arnott biography". Research Affiliates. 
^ "All Past Graham and Dodd Award Winners.". 
^ "Bernstein-Fabozzi/Jacobs Levy Award.". 
^ "Arnott, Robert. Berkin, Andrew L. Ye, Jia. "The Management and Mismanagement of Taxable Assets." Investment Management Reflections No. 2" (PDF). 2000. 
^ "Arnott, Robert D. and Bernstein, Peter L., "What Risk Premium is 'Normal'?" Financial Analysts Journal, Vol. 58, No. 2: 64-85.". March–April 2002.  (Note: The final page of this report is clearly labeled as an advertisement)
^ "Past Graham & Dodd Award Winners". CFA Institute. Financial Analysts Journal. September 9, 2016. 
^ "Arnott, Robert D. Asness, Clifford S. "Surprise! Higher Dividends = Higher Earnings Growth." Financial Analysts Journal" (PDF). January–February 2003. 
^ "Arnott, Robert, Jason Hsu, and Philip Moore. "Fundamental Indexation." Financial Analysts Journal. Volume 61. Number 2." (PDF). CFA Institute. 2005. 
^ "Hougan, Matt. "Is 'Buy the Market' Best?" Financial Advisor.". February 2006. 
^ "Clairvoyant Value and the Value Effect." (PDF). 
^ "Demographic Changes, Financial Markets, and the Economy." (PDF). Financial Analysts Journal. 
^ "The Surprising Alpha from Malkiel's Monkey and Upside-Down Strategies." (PDF). Journal of Portfolio Management. 
^ "About Research Affiliates.". 
^ "How to Corral an Index Fund (with a new rope)", January 21, 2007, New York Times
^ "Research Affiliates Sells Minority Interest to Nomura Asset Management". January 8, 2007.  Press Release listed at Yahoo! Finance
^ Yang, Jia Lynn (11 October 2013). "Here’s who pays the bills for Ted Cruz’s crusade". Washington Post. Retrieved 11 October 2013. 
^ http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/rand-paul-super-pac_55b28c43e4b0074ba5a48427
^ "Fundamental Index ETFs; The difference is fundamental" (pdf). Invesco PowerShares. 2009. Retrieved November 29, 2010. 
^ "The Universal Times". Summer Science Program. February 2010. Retrieved November 29, 2010. 



External links[edit]

Research Affiliates, LLC




Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 77788080
LCCN: n86006840










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Robert_D._Arnott&oldid=787479112"					
Categories: American businesspeople1954 birthsLiving peopleAmerican business writersSummer Science ProgramUniversity of California, Santa Barbara alumniHidden categories: Pages using web citations with no URLAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2017Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 25 June 2017, at 17:09.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Robert D. Arnott - Wikipedia






















 






Robert D. Arnott

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Research Affiliates)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people with the same name, see Robert Arnott (disambiguation).


Robert D. Arnott





Born
(1954-06-29) June 29, 1954 (age 63)
Chicago, IL


Residence
U.S.


Nationality
U.S.


Fields
Finance


Institutions
Research Affiliates


Alma mater
University of California at Santa Barbara


Robert D. Arnott (born June 29, 1954) is an American entrepreneur, investor, editor and writer who focuses on articles about quantitative investing. He serves as chairman and chief executive officer of Research Affiliates, LLC, which advises on over $160 billion in institutional investment assets, as of year-end 2015. He is married with four children. He edited CFA Institute's Financial Analysts Journal from 2002–2006, and has edited three books on equity management and tactical asset allocation.[1] He is a co-author of the book The Fundamental Index: A Better Way to Invest, and co-editor of three other books relating to asset allocation and equity market investing.[2]
Arnott has also served as a Visiting Professor of Finance at the UCLA Anderson School of Management, on the editorial board of the Journal of Portfolio Management, the product advisory board of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, and the Chicago Board Options Exchange.[1] He previously served as Chairman of First Quadrant, LP, as global equity strategist at Salomon (now Salomon Smith Barney), president of TSA Capital Management (now TSA/Analytic), and as vice president at the Boston Company.[3]
Arnott has received seven[4] Graham and Dodd Scrolls and Awards, awarded annually by the CFA Institute for best articles of the year, and has received three Bernstein-Fabozzi/Jacobs-Levy awards from the Journal of Portfolio Management and Institutional Investor magazine.[5]



Contents


1 Writing
2 Research Affiliates, LLC
3 Political contributions
4 Education
5 Bibliography
6 Notes
7 External links



Writing[edit]
Arnott has published over 100 academic papers in refereed journals.[3] Topics of these papers have included mutual fund returns, the equity risk premium, tactical asset allocation, and alternative index investing.

2000, "Investment Management Reflections," with Andrew L. Berkin and Jia Ye. This paper argued that not only did 75% of actively managed equity mutual funds underperform the Vanguard S&P 500 Index Fund but that after taking into account taxation, 66 out of the 71 mutual funds in the sample underperformed. A later study that looked at the 1990s found that 322 out of 355 mutual funds in the sample underperformed the Vanguard S&P 500 Index Fund after tax.[6]
2002, "What Risk Premium is 'Normal'?" with Peter Bernstein. This paper argued that much of previous stock market returns had come from price-to-earnings ratio expansion and dividend yields, the former of which is unsustainable and the latter of which is historically low. Therefore, stock market returns will be lower in the long-term than they have historically been.[7] Arnott and Bernstein were awarded the Graham and Dodd Award for excellence in financial writing for this article.[8]
2003, "Surprise! Higher Dividends = Higher Earnings Growth," with Cliff Asness. This paper stated that against traditional theory, that the more a public company paid out in dividends, the greater that company's earnings grew. Results were statistically significant and robust with respect to time period and after controlling for the investment-to-GDP ratio, earnings yield, and the slope of the yield curve.[9]
2005, "Fundamental Indexation" with Jason Hsu and Philip Moore. This paper introduced the idea of weighting indices by fundamentals instead of capitalization, stating that indices weighted by fundamentals tend to outperform indices weighted by capitalization with similar volatility.[10] This paper was the recipient of the William F. Sharpe best-index related research paper award. Research Affiliates' fundamentally based indexes won the award for the most innovative benchmark index.[11]
2008, The Fundamental Index: A Better Way to Invest. This book, published by Wiley Press and co-authored with Jason Hsu and John West, examines in detail how the Fundamental Index approach to investing can overcome the structural return drag created by traditional capitalization-weighted index strategies.
2009, "Clairvoyant Value and the Value Effect" [12] with Feifei Li and Katy Sherrerd. Using the prism of "clairvoyant value" - the net present value of all future cash flows on an investment, which is only known long after-the-fact for stocks in decades past - this paper and related subsequent paper demonstrate that the market does a superb job of differentiating which stocks deserve premium valuation multiples, but then pays too much for them. Selected as the lead article in the Spring 2009 Journal of Portfolio Management.
2012, "Demographic Changes, Financial Markets, and the Economy" [13] with Denis Chaves. Spanning sixty years of data in two dozen economies, this paper demonstrates that demography plays a very important role in shaping GDP growth and capital market returns. It strongly suggests that the developed world should prepare for slower GDP growth in the years ahead, and softer stock and bond returns in the 2020s and beyond. This paper was selected as the lead article for the January/February 2012 issue of the Financial Analysts Journal, and went on to win a Graham and Dodd Scroll.
2013, "The Surprising Alpha from Malkiel's Monkey and Upside-Down Strategies" [14] with Jason Hsu, Vitali Kalesnik, and Phil Tindall. This paper documents that many of the popular so-called "smart beta" strategies work just as well, if not better, when turned upside-down, with their smallest and largest holdings reversed. In so doing, the paper demonstrates that the key to the success of these strategies is not the advertised method of the strategy, but the mere act of breaking the link between a stock's price and its weight in the portfolio. This paper was one of three winners of a Bernstein-Fabozzi/Jacobs-Levy Award, as one of the best articles in 2013 in the Journal of Portfolio Management.

Research Affiliates, LLC[edit]
In 2002, Arnott founded Research Affiliates, a Newport Beach, California-based investment management firm. As of June 30, 2016, about $161 billion in assets are managed worldwide using investment strategies developed by Research Affiliates.[15] The firm has been involved with fundamentally based indexes since mid-2004 and has worked with the FTSE Group to create indices based on this methodology.[16]
On January 8, 2006, Research Affiliates sold a minority interest in the company to Nomura Asset Management.[17]
In November, 2009, Research Affiliates was granted a patent for their index methodology that selects and weights securities using fundamental measures of company size. Laise, Eleanor (November 18, 2009). "Indexing Patent to Test Fund Firms". The Wall Street Journal. 
Political contributions[edit]
Arnott has given $750,000 to support The Club for Growth, a conservative anti-tax group. Arnott considers himself a libertarian, and opposes the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.[18] In 2015, Arnott donated $100,000 to America's Liberty PAC, a political action committee formed in support of Rand Paul's 2016 presidential bid.[19]
Education[edit]
Arnott graduated summa cum laude from UCSB in 1977 in economics, applied mathematics and computer science.[3][20] While a high school student in 1970, he attended the Summer Science Program.[21][dead link]
Bibliography[edit]
1. "The Myth of Dynastic Wealth: The Rich Get Poorer" with Lillian Wu and William J. Bernstein, Cato Journal, October 2015.
"Rip Van Winkle Indexing" with Vitali Kalesnik and Noah Beck, Journal of Portfolio Management, August 2015.
"Whither Bonds After the Demographic Dividend?" CFA Institute Conference Proceedings Quarterly, March 2015.
"Getting Smarter About Commodities" with Denis Chaves, Jodie Gunzberg, Jason Hsu, and Peter Tsui, Journal of Indexes, November/December 2014.
"The Glidepath Illusion ... And Potential Solutions" with Katrina Sherrerd and Lilian Wu, Journal of Retirement, Fall 2013. Selected as lead article
2. "A New 'New Normal' in Demography and Economic Growth" with Denis Chaves", Journal of Indexes, September/October 2013.
3. "The Surprising Alpha from Malkiel’s Monkey and Upside-Down Strategies" with Jason Hsu, Vitali Kalesnik, and Phil Tindall, Journal of Portfolio Management, Summer 2013. Winner of Bernstein-Fabozzi/Jacobs-Levy Award for 2013
4. "Clairvoyant Discount Rates", with Katy Sherrerd and Geoff Wilson, Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 2013.
5. "The Winner’s Curse: Too Big to Succeed?" with Lillian Wu, European Financial Review, Winter 2013, Selected as lead article.
6. "The Winner’s Curse: Too Big to Succeed?” with Lillian Wu, Journal of Indexes, November/December 2012.
7. "Rebalancing and the Value Effect" with Denis Chaves, Journal of Portfolio Management, Fall 2012.
8. "Demographic Changes, Financial Markets, and the Economy" with Denis Chaves, Financial Analysts Journal, January/February 2012. Selected as lead article. Winner of 2012 Graham and Dodd Scroll.
9. "Better Beta Explained: Demystifying Alternative Equity Index Strategies" Journal of Index Investing, Summer 2011.
10. "Selection Bias: How an index chooses stocks really does make a difference" with Li-Lan Kuo. Journal of Indexes, July/August 2011
11. "Is Your Alpha Big Enough To Cover Its Taxes? Revisited" with Andrew Berkin and Paul Bouchey. Investments and Wealth Monitor, January/February 2011. Selected as lead article
12. "Debt be not Proud: Getting Down to the Fundamentals of Sovereign Debt" Journal of Indexes, November/December 2010. Selected as lead article
13. "How UMAs Can Help Limit Your Tax Tab" with Brian Langstraat. Investment News, June 2010.
14. "Applying Valuation-Indifferent Indexing to Fixed Income" with Jason Hsu, Feifei Li and Shane Shepherd. Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 2010.
15. "Beyond Cap Weight: The Search for Efficient Beta" with Vitali Kalesnik, Paul Moghtader and Craig Scholl, Journal of Indexes, January/February 2010.
16. "Does Noise Create the Size and Value Effects" with Jason Hsu, Jun Liu and Harry Markowitz. Draft paper, pending publication.
17. "Applying Valuation-Indifferent Indexing to Fixed Income" with Jason Hsu, Feifei Li and Shane Shepherd. Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 2010.
18. "Illusions and Delusions" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 2006.
19. "Clairvoyant Value and the Growth/Value Cycle" with Feifei Li and Katy Sherrerd, Journal of Portfolio Management, Summer 2009.
20. "Clairvoyant Value and the Value effect" with Feifei Li and Katy Sherrerd, 'Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 2009. Selected as lead article. 21. "Bonds: Why Bother?" Journal of Indexes, May/June 2009. Selected as lead article.
22. "Noise, CAPM and the Size and Value Effects" with Jason Hsu, Journal of Investment Management, First Quarter 2008.
23."What is Wealth?" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, September/October 2006.
24."Fundamental IndexesTM: Current and Future Applications" with John West, Institutional Investor Fifth Anniversary Guide to ETFs, Fall 2006.
25."Expectations Shortfall" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, July/August 2006.
26."Implementation Shortfall" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, May/June 2006.
27."The Fiduciary Time Line: Implications for Asset Allocation" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 2006.
28."The Pension Problem: On Demographic Time Bombs and Odious Debt" Editor's Corner,Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 2005.
29."Disentangling Size and Value" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, September/October 2005.
30."Performance Fees: The Good, the Bad, and the (Occasionally) Ugly" Editor's Corner,Financial Analysts Journal, July/August 2005.
31."What Cost'Noise'?" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 2005.
32."Fundamental Indexation" with Jason Hsu and Phil Moore, Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 2005.
33."Whither Finance Theory?" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, January/February 2005.
34."Can We Keep Our Promises?" Editor's Corner,Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 2004.
35."The Policy Portfolio Problem" Editor's Corner,Financial Analysts Journal, July/August 2004.
36."Will We Retire Later and Poorer" with Anne Casscells, Journal of Investing, Summer 2004.
37."Blinded by Theory: How Finance Theory Leads Us Astray" Journal of Portfolio Management, Thirtieth Anniversary Edition, Summer 2004. 38."Ethics and Unintended Consequences" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, May/June 2004.
39."The Meaning of a Slender Risk Premium" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 2004.
40."Is Our Industry Intellectually Lazy?" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, January/February 2004.
41."Who's Minding the Store?" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 2003.
42."The Mystery of TIPS" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, September/October 2003.
43."Earnings Growth: The Two Percent Dilution" with Bill Bernstein, Financial Analysts Journal, September/October 2003.
44."Managing Investments for the Long Term" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, July/August 2003.
45."Dividends and the Three Dwarfs" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, May/June 2003.
46."Demographics and Capital Market Returns" with Anne Casscells, Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 2003.
47."What Risk Matters? A Call for Papers!" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 2003.
48."Surprise! Higher Dividends = Higher Earnings Growth" with Clifford S. Asness, Financial Analysts Journal, January/February 2003. 49."Dividends and Dividend Taxation" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, January/February 2003.
50."Risk Budgeting and Portable Alpha" Journal of Investing, Summer 2002.
51."What Risk Premium is 'Normal'?" with Peter L. Bernstein, Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 2002. Selected as Cover Article. Winner of Graham and Dodd Award for 2002. Translated and reprinted in Japanese Security Analysts Journal,July/August 2002.
52."DB and DC Plans Face a Trillion-dollar Time Bomb" Pensions and Investments, March 18, 2002.
53."The Death of the Risk Premium: Consequences of the 1990s" Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 2001.
54."The Management and Mismanagement of Taxable Assets" Journal of Investing, Winter 2001.
55."How Well Have Taxable Investors Been Served in the 1980s and 1990s" Journal of Portfolio Management, Summer 2000.
56."Tax-Advantaged Investing" Journal of Private Portfolio Management, Spring 1999.
57."Avoiding the Taxman: Tax-Efficient Investing" Journal of Private Portfolio Management, Winter 1998.
58."The Concept of Portable Alpha" with Eric A.T. Innes, Benefits and Pensions Monitor, October 1999.
59."A Fundamental Approach to Currency Valuation" Risk in Investment Portfolios: AIMR Conference Proceedings, November 1998.
60."Options and Protective Strategies" Journal of Investing, Summer 1998.
61."Surprise! TAA Can Work in Quiet Markets" Journal of Investing, Fall 1997.
62."Bull Market? Bear Market? Should You Really Care?" Journal of Portfolio Management, Fall 1997.
63."Quantitative Management: Its Role in the Coming Decade" Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 1994.
64."Winning in the '80s: What It Took" Journal of Investing, Winter 1994.
65."Controlling Insurance Risk and Consumer Costs: Asset Risk Under Risk-based Capital Requirements" with Dave Flynn, Journal of Insurance Regulation, July/August 1993.
66."Is Your Alpha Big Enough to Cover Its Taxes?" with Robert H. Jeffrey, Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 1993.
67."Tactical Currency Allocation" Financial Analysts Journal, July/August 1993.Translated and reprinted in Japanese Security Analysts Journal, November/December 1992.
68."Rebalancing: Why? When? How Often?" Lead article, The Journal of Investing, Spring 1993.
69."The Policy Management Challenge: Plugging the Performance Drain" Canadian Investment Review, Summer 1992.
70."Due Diligence" Journal of Portfolio Management, Winter 1992.
71."How Active Management Can Take the 'Drift' Out of Policy Asset Mix" with Greg Edwards, Canadian Investment Review, Winter 1992.
72."The Case for the Futures" with Greg Edwards, Benefits Canada, October 1992.
73."Style Management: The Missing Element in Equity Portfolios" Journal of Investing, Summer 1992.
74."Transaction Costs: Measurement and Control" with Wayne Wagner, Financial Analysts Journal, September/October 1990.
75."Reappraising the Asset Allocation Decision" with M. Leibowitz, L. Bader, R. Elenriksson, Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 1990.
76."Tactical Asset Allocation Concepts" Equity Insights, Chicago Mercantile Exchange, March 1990.
77."Tactical Asset Allocation" Futures, November/December 1989.
78."Forecasting Factor Returns" Journal of Portfolio Management, Fifteenth Anniversary Edition, Fall 1989.
79."A Total Differential Approach to Equity Duration" with M. Leibowitz, E. Sorensen, H. Hanson, Financial Analysts Journal, September/October 1989.Awarded 1989 Graham and Dodd Scroll. Chapter in Asset Allocation, Probus Press, 1988. Translated and reprinted in Japanese Security Analysts Journal, September 1989.
80."Global Asset Allocation: A World of Opportunity" Investment Management Review, January/February 1989.
81."The Future for Quantitative Investment Management" Journal of Portfolio Management, Winter 1998.
82."The Investment Management World of the 1990s" Institutional Investor/Investment Management Forum, December 1998.
83."Mounting Pressures for a Shift to Conservatism" Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 1998.
84."Asset Allocation for the Canadian Investor" Canadian Investment Review, Fall 1988.
85."The Equity Risk Premium and Stock Market Performance" with E.H. Sorensen, Journal of Portfolio Management, Summer 1988.
86."Asset Allocation-Look Before You Leap" with M. Leibowitz, L. Bader, R. Henriksson, Investment Management Review, March/April 1988.
87."Marketing Quantitative Product" Marketing Investment Management Services, Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts, February 1988.
88."The Right Way to Manage Your Pension Fund" with P.L Bernstein, Harvard Business Review, January/February 1988.
89."Portfolio Insurance: Trade-offs and Choices" with R.G. Clarke, Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 1987.
90."Cluster Analysis and Manager Selection" with J. Bailey, Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 1986.Selected as cover article.
91."Futures Strategy in Asset Allocation" The Challenge of Investing for Endowment Funds, Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts, October 1986.
92."S&P Additions and Deletions - A Market Anomaly" with .S.J. Vincent, Journal of Portfolio Management, Fall 1986.
93."Pension Funds and The Bottom Line: A Review" with R.G. Clarke, Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 1986.
94."Asset Allocation: The Challenges and Opportunities of Implementation" Asset Allocation for Institutional Portfolios, Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts, February 1986.
95."The Pension Sponsors View of Asset Allocation" Financial Analysts Journal, September/October 1985.
96."The Business Cycle and Security Selection" with W. Copeland, Lead article, Financial Analysts Journal, April/May 1985. Winner of the 1986 Graham and Dodd Scroll. Required reading for the CFA level III exam. Translated and published in Japanese Securities Analysts Journal, January 1988..
97."The Use and Misuse of Consensus Estimates" Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 1985.
98."Economics Considerations in Initiating and Adjusting Portfolio Positions" Improving the Investment Decision Process: Applying Economics Analysis to Portfolio Management, Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts, July 1984.
99."Systematic Asset Allocation - Reflections from the U.S.A." with J.N. von Germeten, Benefits International, May 1984.
100."Clues to Effective Asset Allocation" with J.N. von Germeten, Pensions and Investments, January 9, 1984 Feature.
101."Systematic Asset Allocation" with J.N. von Germeten, Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 1983. Winner of the 1984 Graham and Dodd Scroll. Required reading for the CFA level II exam. Translated and published in Japanese Securities Analysts Journal, September 1986.
102."What Hath MPT Wrought: What Risks Reap Rewards?" Journal of Portfolio Management, Fall 1983. Selected as lead article. Chapter in Selected Topics in Investment Management, Institutional Investor, 1988.
103."Cluster Analysis and Stock Price Co-movement" Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 1980.Required reading for the CFA Level III exam.
104."Modeling Portfolios of Covered Option" Journal of Portfolio Management, Fall 1980.
105."Relative Strength Revisited" Journal of Portfolio Management, Winter 1977.
106."FORTRAN Control of the Real-Time Signal Processing with High-Speed Processor" with J.D. Market, IEEE Transactions on Acoustics, Speech and Signal Processing, May 1977.
107."The Basic Speed Law for Capital Market Returns" with Brad Cornell, CFA Magazine, November/December 2008.
108."An Overwrought Orthodoxy" Institutional Investor, December 2007.
109."Blinded by Theory?" Institutional Investor, October 2004.
110."Past and Present Flaws in the Mantra of Stocks-for-the-long-run" with Peter L. Bernstein. short version. Pensions and Investments, February 18, 2002.
111."The Policy Management Challenge: Plugging the Performance Drain" Global Investing, May/June 1991.
112."Transaction Costs and Logn Term Performance" with Charles D. Walbrandt, Investing, Winter 1990.
113."The Transactions Costs Barrier" Investing, March/April 1990.
114."Derivatives, Program Trading and Volatility" Pensions & Investments, February 10, 1990.
115."Mistakes Result in Poor Global Performance" Pensions & Investments, October 16, 1989.
116."Reducing the Risks of Divestiture" with R. Boling, Feature,Pensions and Investment Age, August 5, 1985.
117."Portfolio Insurance's Future Rides on Futures" with R. Boling,Feature,Pensions and Investment Age, September 1, 1986.
Notes[edit]



^ a b ""Q&A with Rob Arnott" NAREIT - Capital Markets.". January–February 2007.  Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "Wiley: The Fundamental Index: A Better Way To Invest.". 
^ a b c "Robert D. Arnott biography". Research Affiliates. 
^ "All Past Graham and Dodd Award Winners.". 
^ "Bernstein-Fabozzi/Jacobs Levy Award.". 
^ "Arnott, Robert. Berkin, Andrew L. Ye, Jia. "The Management and Mismanagement of Taxable Assets." Investment Management Reflections No. 2" (PDF). 2000. 
^ "Arnott, Robert D. and Bernstein, Peter L., "What Risk Premium is 'Normal'?" Financial Analysts Journal, Vol. 58, No. 2: 64-85.". March–April 2002.  (Note: The final page of this report is clearly labeled as an advertisement)
^ "Past Graham & Dodd Award Winners". CFA Institute. Financial Analysts Journal. September 9, 2016. 
^ "Arnott, Robert D. Asness, Clifford S. "Surprise! Higher Dividends = Higher Earnings Growth." Financial Analysts Journal" (PDF). January–February 2003. 
^ "Arnott, Robert, Jason Hsu, and Philip Moore. "Fundamental Indexation." Financial Analysts Journal. Volume 61. Number 2." (PDF). CFA Institute. 2005. 
^ "Hougan, Matt. "Is 'Buy the Market' Best?" Financial Advisor.". February 2006. 
^ "Clairvoyant Value and the Value Effect." (PDF). 
^ "Demographic Changes, Financial Markets, and the Economy." (PDF). Financial Analysts Journal. 
^ "The Surprising Alpha from Malkiel's Monkey and Upside-Down Strategies." (PDF). Journal of Portfolio Management. 
^ "About Research Affiliates.". 
^ "How to Corral an Index Fund (with a new rope)", January 21, 2007, New York Times
^ "Research Affiliates Sells Minority Interest to Nomura Asset Management". January 8, 2007.  Press Release listed at Yahoo! Finance
^ Yang, Jia Lynn (11 October 2013). "Here’s who pays the bills for Ted Cruz’s crusade". Washington Post. Retrieved 11 October 2013. 
^ http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/rand-paul-super-pac_55b28c43e4b0074ba5a48427
^ "Fundamental Index ETFs; The difference is fundamental" (pdf). Invesco PowerShares. 2009. Retrieved November 29, 2010. 
^ "The Universal Times". Summer Science Program. February 2010. Retrieved November 29, 2010. 



External links[edit]

Research Affiliates, LLC




Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 77788080
LCCN: n86006840










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Robert_D._Arnott&oldid=787479112"					
Categories: American businesspeople1954 birthsLiving peopleAmerican business writersSummer Science ProgramUniversity of California, Santa Barbara alumniHidden categories: Pages using web citations with no URLAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2017Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 25 June 2017, at 17:09.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Robert D. Arnott - Wikipedia






















 






Robert D. Arnott

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Research Affiliates)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people with the same name, see Robert Arnott (disambiguation).


Robert D. Arnott





Born
(1954-06-29) June 29, 1954 (age 63)
Chicago, IL


Residence
U.S.


Nationality
U.S.


Fields
Finance


Institutions
Research Affiliates


Alma mater
University of California at Santa Barbara


Robert D. Arnott (born June 29, 1954) is an American entrepreneur, investor, editor and writer who focuses on articles about quantitative investing. He serves as chairman and chief executive officer of Research Affiliates, LLC, which advises on over $160 billion in institutional investment assets, as of year-end 2015. He is married with four children. He edited CFA Institute's Financial Analysts Journal from 2002–2006, and has edited three books on equity management and tactical asset allocation.[1] He is a co-author of the book The Fundamental Index: A Better Way to Invest, and co-editor of three other books relating to asset allocation and equity market investing.[2]
Arnott has also served as a Visiting Professor of Finance at the UCLA Anderson School of Management, on the editorial board of the Journal of Portfolio Management, the product advisory board of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, and the Chicago Board Options Exchange.[1] He previously served as Chairman of First Quadrant, LP, as global equity strategist at Salomon (now Salomon Smith Barney), president of TSA Capital Management (now TSA/Analytic), and as vice president at the Boston Company.[3]
Arnott has received seven[4] Graham and Dodd Scrolls and Awards, awarded annually by the CFA Institute for best articles of the year, and has received three Bernstein-Fabozzi/Jacobs-Levy awards from the Journal of Portfolio Management and Institutional Investor magazine.[5]



Contents


1 Writing
2 Research Affiliates, LLC
3 Political contributions
4 Education
5 Bibliography
6 Notes
7 External links



Writing[edit]
Arnott has published over 100 academic papers in refereed journals.[3] Topics of these papers have included mutual fund returns, the equity risk premium, tactical asset allocation, and alternative index investing.

2000, "Investment Management Reflections," with Andrew L. Berkin and Jia Ye. This paper argued that not only did 75% of actively managed equity mutual funds underperform the Vanguard S&P 500 Index Fund but that after taking into account taxation, 66 out of the 71 mutual funds in the sample underperformed. A later study that looked at the 1990s found that 322 out of 355 mutual funds in the sample underperformed the Vanguard S&P 500 Index Fund after tax.[6]
2002, "What Risk Premium is 'Normal'?" with Peter Bernstein. This paper argued that much of previous stock market returns had come from price-to-earnings ratio expansion and dividend yields, the former of which is unsustainable and the latter of which is historically low. Therefore, stock market returns will be lower in the long-term than they have historically been.[7] Arnott and Bernstein were awarded the Graham and Dodd Award for excellence in financial writing for this article.[8]
2003, "Surprise! Higher Dividends = Higher Earnings Growth," with Cliff Asness. This paper stated that against traditional theory, that the more a public company paid out in dividends, the greater that company's earnings grew. Results were statistically significant and robust with respect to time period and after controlling for the investment-to-GDP ratio, earnings yield, and the slope of the yield curve.[9]
2005, "Fundamental Indexation" with Jason Hsu and Philip Moore. This paper introduced the idea of weighting indices by fundamentals instead of capitalization, stating that indices weighted by fundamentals tend to outperform indices weighted by capitalization with similar volatility.[10] This paper was the recipient of the William F. Sharpe best-index related research paper award. Research Affiliates' fundamentally based indexes won the award for the most innovative benchmark index.[11]
2008, The Fundamental Index: A Better Way to Invest. This book, published by Wiley Press and co-authored with Jason Hsu and John West, examines in detail how the Fundamental Index approach to investing can overcome the structural return drag created by traditional capitalization-weighted index strategies.
2009, "Clairvoyant Value and the Value Effect" [12] with Feifei Li and Katy Sherrerd. Using the prism of "clairvoyant value" - the net present value of all future cash flows on an investment, which is only known long after-the-fact for stocks in decades past - this paper and related subsequent paper demonstrate that the market does a superb job of differentiating which stocks deserve premium valuation multiples, but then pays too much for them. Selected as the lead article in the Spring 2009 Journal of Portfolio Management.
2012, "Demographic Changes, Financial Markets, and the Economy" [13] with Denis Chaves. Spanning sixty years of data in two dozen economies, this paper demonstrates that demography plays a very important role in shaping GDP growth and capital market returns. It strongly suggests that the developed world should prepare for slower GDP growth in the years ahead, and softer stock and bond returns in the 2020s and beyond. This paper was selected as the lead article for the January/February 2012 issue of the Financial Analysts Journal, and went on to win a Graham and Dodd Scroll.
2013, "The Surprising Alpha from Malkiel's Monkey and Upside-Down Strategies" [14] with Jason Hsu, Vitali Kalesnik, and Phil Tindall. This paper documents that many of the popular so-called "smart beta" strategies work just as well, if not better, when turned upside-down, with their smallest and largest holdings reversed. In so doing, the paper demonstrates that the key to the success of these strategies is not the advertised method of the strategy, but the mere act of breaking the link between a stock's price and its weight in the portfolio. This paper was one of three winners of a Bernstein-Fabozzi/Jacobs-Levy Award, as one of the best articles in 2013 in the Journal of Portfolio Management.

Research Affiliates, LLC[edit]
In 2002, Arnott founded Research Affiliates, a Newport Beach, California-based investment management firm. As of June 30, 2016, about $161 billion in assets are managed worldwide using investment strategies developed by Research Affiliates.[15] The firm has been involved with fundamentally based indexes since mid-2004 and has worked with the FTSE Group to create indices based on this methodology.[16]
On January 8, 2006, Research Affiliates sold a minority interest in the company to Nomura Asset Management.[17]
In November, 2009, Research Affiliates was granted a patent for their index methodology that selects and weights securities using fundamental measures of company size. Laise, Eleanor (November 18, 2009). "Indexing Patent to Test Fund Firms". The Wall Street Journal. 
Political contributions[edit]
Arnott has given $750,000 to support The Club for Growth, a conservative anti-tax group. Arnott considers himself a libertarian, and opposes the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.[18] In 2015, Arnott donated $100,000 to America's Liberty PAC, a political action committee formed in support of Rand Paul's 2016 presidential bid.[19]
Education[edit]
Arnott graduated summa cum laude from UCSB in 1977 in economics, applied mathematics and computer science.[3][20] While a high school student in 1970, he attended the Summer Science Program.[21][dead link]
Bibliography[edit]
1. "The Myth of Dynastic Wealth: The Rich Get Poorer" with Lillian Wu and William J. Bernstein, Cato Journal, October 2015.
"Rip Van Winkle Indexing" with Vitali Kalesnik and Noah Beck, Journal of Portfolio Management, August 2015.
"Whither Bonds After the Demographic Dividend?" CFA Institute Conference Proceedings Quarterly, March 2015.
"Getting Smarter About Commodities" with Denis Chaves, Jodie Gunzberg, Jason Hsu, and Peter Tsui, Journal of Indexes, November/December 2014.
"The Glidepath Illusion ... And Potential Solutions" with Katrina Sherrerd and Lilian Wu, Journal of Retirement, Fall 2013. Selected as lead article
2. "A New 'New Normal' in Demography and Economic Growth" with Denis Chaves", Journal of Indexes, September/October 2013.
3. "The Surprising Alpha from Malkiel’s Monkey and Upside-Down Strategies" with Jason Hsu, Vitali Kalesnik, and Phil Tindall, Journal of Portfolio Management, Summer 2013. Winner of Bernstein-Fabozzi/Jacobs-Levy Award for 2013
4. "Clairvoyant Discount Rates", with Katy Sherrerd and Geoff Wilson, Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 2013.
5. "The Winner’s Curse: Too Big to Succeed?" with Lillian Wu, European Financial Review, Winter 2013, Selected as lead article.
6. "The Winner’s Curse: Too Big to Succeed?” with Lillian Wu, Journal of Indexes, November/December 2012.
7. "Rebalancing and the Value Effect" with Denis Chaves, Journal of Portfolio Management, Fall 2012.
8. "Demographic Changes, Financial Markets, and the Economy" with Denis Chaves, Financial Analysts Journal, January/February 2012. Selected as lead article. Winner of 2012 Graham and Dodd Scroll.
9. "Better Beta Explained: Demystifying Alternative Equity Index Strategies" Journal of Index Investing, Summer 2011.
10. "Selection Bias: How an index chooses stocks really does make a difference" with Li-Lan Kuo. Journal of Indexes, July/August 2011
11. "Is Your Alpha Big Enough To Cover Its Taxes? Revisited" with Andrew Berkin and Paul Bouchey. Investments and Wealth Monitor, January/February 2011. Selected as lead article
12. "Debt be not Proud: Getting Down to the Fundamentals of Sovereign Debt" Journal of Indexes, November/December 2010. Selected as lead article
13. "How UMAs Can Help Limit Your Tax Tab" with Brian Langstraat. Investment News, June 2010.
14. "Applying Valuation-Indifferent Indexing to Fixed Income" with Jason Hsu, Feifei Li and Shane Shepherd. Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 2010.
15. "Beyond Cap Weight: The Search for Efficient Beta" with Vitali Kalesnik, Paul Moghtader and Craig Scholl, Journal of Indexes, January/February 2010.
16. "Does Noise Create the Size and Value Effects" with Jason Hsu, Jun Liu and Harry Markowitz. Draft paper, pending publication.
17. "Applying Valuation-Indifferent Indexing to Fixed Income" with Jason Hsu, Feifei Li and Shane Shepherd. Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 2010.
18. "Illusions and Delusions" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 2006.
19. "Clairvoyant Value and the Growth/Value Cycle" with Feifei Li and Katy Sherrerd, Journal of Portfolio Management, Summer 2009.
20. "Clairvoyant Value and the Value effect" with Feifei Li and Katy Sherrerd, 'Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 2009. Selected as lead article. 21. "Bonds: Why Bother?" Journal of Indexes, May/June 2009. Selected as lead article.
22. "Noise, CAPM and the Size and Value Effects" with Jason Hsu, Journal of Investment Management, First Quarter 2008.
23."What is Wealth?" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, September/October 2006.
24."Fundamental IndexesTM: Current and Future Applications" with John West, Institutional Investor Fifth Anniversary Guide to ETFs, Fall 2006.
25."Expectations Shortfall" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, July/August 2006.
26."Implementation Shortfall" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, May/June 2006.
27."The Fiduciary Time Line: Implications for Asset Allocation" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 2006.
28."The Pension Problem: On Demographic Time Bombs and Odious Debt" Editor's Corner,Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 2005.
29."Disentangling Size and Value" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, September/October 2005.
30."Performance Fees: The Good, the Bad, and the (Occasionally) Ugly" Editor's Corner,Financial Analysts Journal, July/August 2005.
31."What Cost'Noise'?" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 2005.
32."Fundamental Indexation" with Jason Hsu and Phil Moore, Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 2005.
33."Whither Finance Theory?" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, January/February 2005.
34."Can We Keep Our Promises?" Editor's Corner,Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 2004.
35."The Policy Portfolio Problem" Editor's Corner,Financial Analysts Journal, July/August 2004.
36."Will We Retire Later and Poorer" with Anne Casscells, Journal of Investing, Summer 2004.
37."Blinded by Theory: How Finance Theory Leads Us Astray" Journal of Portfolio Management, Thirtieth Anniversary Edition, Summer 2004. 38."Ethics and Unintended Consequences" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, May/June 2004.
39."The Meaning of a Slender Risk Premium" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 2004.
40."Is Our Industry Intellectually Lazy?" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, January/February 2004.
41."Who's Minding the Store?" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 2003.
42."The Mystery of TIPS" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, September/October 2003.
43."Earnings Growth: The Two Percent Dilution" with Bill Bernstein, Financial Analysts Journal, September/October 2003.
44."Managing Investments for the Long Term" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, July/August 2003.
45."Dividends and the Three Dwarfs" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, May/June 2003.
46."Demographics and Capital Market Returns" with Anne Casscells, Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 2003.
47."What Risk Matters? A Call for Papers!" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 2003.
48."Surprise! Higher Dividends = Higher Earnings Growth" with Clifford S. Asness, Financial Analysts Journal, January/February 2003. 49."Dividends and Dividend Taxation" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, January/February 2003.
50."Risk Budgeting and Portable Alpha" Journal of Investing, Summer 2002.
51."What Risk Premium is 'Normal'?" with Peter L. Bernstein, Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 2002. Selected as Cover Article. Winner of Graham and Dodd Award for 2002. Translated and reprinted in Japanese Security Analysts Journal,July/August 2002.
52."DB and DC Plans Face a Trillion-dollar Time Bomb" Pensions and Investments, March 18, 2002.
53."The Death of the Risk Premium: Consequences of the 1990s" Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 2001.
54."The Management and Mismanagement of Taxable Assets" Journal of Investing, Winter 2001.
55."How Well Have Taxable Investors Been Served in the 1980s and 1990s" Journal of Portfolio Management, Summer 2000.
56."Tax-Advantaged Investing" Journal of Private Portfolio Management, Spring 1999.
57."Avoiding the Taxman: Tax-Efficient Investing" Journal of Private Portfolio Management, Winter 1998.
58."The Concept of Portable Alpha" with Eric A.T. Innes, Benefits and Pensions Monitor, October 1999.
59."A Fundamental Approach to Currency Valuation" Risk in Investment Portfolios: AIMR Conference Proceedings, November 1998.
60."Options and Protective Strategies" Journal of Investing, Summer 1998.
61."Surprise! TAA Can Work in Quiet Markets" Journal of Investing, Fall 1997.
62."Bull Market? Bear Market? Should You Really Care?" Journal of Portfolio Management, Fall 1997.
63."Quantitative Management: Its Role in the Coming Decade" Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 1994.
64."Winning in the '80s: What It Took" Journal of Investing, Winter 1994.
65."Controlling Insurance Risk and Consumer Costs: Asset Risk Under Risk-based Capital Requirements" with Dave Flynn, Journal of Insurance Regulation, July/August 1993.
66."Is Your Alpha Big Enough to Cover Its Taxes?" with Robert H. Jeffrey, Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 1993.
67."Tactical Currency Allocation" Financial Analysts Journal, July/August 1993.Translated and reprinted in Japanese Security Analysts Journal, November/December 1992.
68."Rebalancing: Why? When? How Often?" Lead article, The Journal of Investing, Spring 1993.
69."The Policy Management Challenge: Plugging the Performance Drain" Canadian Investment Review, Summer 1992.
70."Due Diligence" Journal of Portfolio Management, Winter 1992.
71."How Active Management Can Take the 'Drift' Out of Policy Asset Mix" with Greg Edwards, Canadian Investment Review, Winter 1992.
72."The Case for the Futures" with Greg Edwards, Benefits Canada, October 1992.
73."Style Management: The Missing Element in Equity Portfolios" Journal of Investing, Summer 1992.
74."Transaction Costs: Measurement and Control" with Wayne Wagner, Financial Analysts Journal, September/October 1990.
75."Reappraising the Asset Allocation Decision" with M. Leibowitz, L. Bader, R. Elenriksson, Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 1990.
76."Tactical Asset Allocation Concepts" Equity Insights, Chicago Mercantile Exchange, March 1990.
77."Tactical Asset Allocation" Futures, November/December 1989.
78."Forecasting Factor Returns" Journal of Portfolio Management, Fifteenth Anniversary Edition, Fall 1989.
79."A Total Differential Approach to Equity Duration" with M. Leibowitz, E. Sorensen, H. Hanson, Financial Analysts Journal, September/October 1989.Awarded 1989 Graham and Dodd Scroll. Chapter in Asset Allocation, Probus Press, 1988. Translated and reprinted in Japanese Security Analysts Journal, September 1989.
80."Global Asset Allocation: A World of Opportunity" Investment Management Review, January/February 1989.
81."The Future for Quantitative Investment Management" Journal of Portfolio Management, Winter 1998.
82."The Investment Management World of the 1990s" Institutional Investor/Investment Management Forum, December 1998.
83."Mounting Pressures for a Shift to Conservatism" Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 1998.
84."Asset Allocation for the Canadian Investor" Canadian Investment Review, Fall 1988.
85."The Equity Risk Premium and Stock Market Performance" with E.H. Sorensen, Journal of Portfolio Management, Summer 1988.
86."Asset Allocation-Look Before You Leap" with M. Leibowitz, L. Bader, R. Henriksson, Investment Management Review, March/April 1988.
87."Marketing Quantitative Product" Marketing Investment Management Services, Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts, February 1988.
88."The Right Way to Manage Your Pension Fund" with P.L Bernstein, Harvard Business Review, January/February 1988.
89."Portfolio Insurance: Trade-offs and Choices" with R.G. Clarke, Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 1987.
90."Cluster Analysis and Manager Selection" with J. Bailey, Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 1986.Selected as cover article.
91."Futures Strategy in Asset Allocation" The Challenge of Investing for Endowment Funds, Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts, October 1986.
92."S&P Additions and Deletions - A Market Anomaly" with .S.J. Vincent, Journal of Portfolio Management, Fall 1986.
93."Pension Funds and The Bottom Line: A Review" with R.G. Clarke, Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 1986.
94."Asset Allocation: The Challenges and Opportunities of Implementation" Asset Allocation for Institutional Portfolios, Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts, February 1986.
95."The Pension Sponsors View of Asset Allocation" Financial Analysts Journal, September/October 1985.
96."The Business Cycle and Security Selection" with W. Copeland, Lead article, Financial Analysts Journal, April/May 1985. Winner of the 1986 Graham and Dodd Scroll. Required reading for the CFA level III exam. Translated and published in Japanese Securities Analysts Journal, January 1988..
97."The Use and Misuse of Consensus Estimates" Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 1985.
98."Economics Considerations in Initiating and Adjusting Portfolio Positions" Improving the Investment Decision Process: Applying Economics Analysis to Portfolio Management, Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts, July 1984.
99."Systematic Asset Allocation - Reflections from the U.S.A." with J.N. von Germeten, Benefits International, May 1984.
100."Clues to Effective Asset Allocation" with J.N. von Germeten, Pensions and Investments, January 9, 1984 Feature.
101."Systematic Asset Allocation" with J.N. von Germeten, Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 1983. Winner of the 1984 Graham and Dodd Scroll. Required reading for the CFA level II exam. Translated and published in Japanese Securities Analysts Journal, September 1986.
102."What Hath MPT Wrought: What Risks Reap Rewards?" Journal of Portfolio Management, Fall 1983. Selected as lead article. Chapter in Selected Topics in Investment Management, Institutional Investor, 1988.
103."Cluster Analysis and Stock Price Co-movement" Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 1980.Required reading for the CFA Level III exam.
104."Modeling Portfolios of Covered Option" Journal of Portfolio Management, Fall 1980.
105."Relative Strength Revisited" Journal of Portfolio Management, Winter 1977.
106."FORTRAN Control of the Real-Time Signal Processing with High-Speed Processor" with J.D. Market, IEEE Transactions on Acoustics, Speech and Signal Processing, May 1977.
107."The Basic Speed Law for Capital Market Returns" with Brad Cornell, CFA Magazine, November/December 2008.
108."An Overwrought Orthodoxy" Institutional Investor, December 2007.
109."Blinded by Theory?" Institutional Investor, October 2004.
110."Past and Present Flaws in the Mantra of Stocks-for-the-long-run" with Peter L. Bernstein. short version. Pensions and Investments, February 18, 2002.
111."The Policy Management Challenge: Plugging the Performance Drain" Global Investing, May/June 1991.
112."Transaction Costs and Logn Term Performance" with Charles D. Walbrandt, Investing, Winter 1990.
113."The Transactions Costs Barrier" Investing, March/April 1990.
114."Derivatives, Program Trading and Volatility" Pensions & Investments, February 10, 1990.
115."Mistakes Result in Poor Global Performance" Pensions & Investments, October 16, 1989.
116."Reducing the Risks of Divestiture" with R. Boling, Feature,Pensions and Investment Age, August 5, 1985.
117."Portfolio Insurance's Future Rides on Futures" with R. Boling,Feature,Pensions and Investment Age, September 1, 1986.
Notes[edit]



^ a b ""Q&A with Rob Arnott" NAREIT - Capital Markets.". January–February 2007.  Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "Wiley: The Fundamental Index: A Better Way To Invest.". 
^ a b c "Robert D. Arnott biography". Research Affiliates. 
^ "All Past Graham and Dodd Award Winners.". 
^ "Bernstein-Fabozzi/Jacobs Levy Award.". 
^ "Arnott, Robert. Berkin, Andrew L. Ye, Jia. "The Management and Mismanagement of Taxable Assets." Investment Management Reflections No. 2" (PDF). 2000. 
^ "Arnott, Robert D. and Bernstein, Peter L., "What Risk Premium is 'Normal'?" Financial Analysts Journal, Vol. 58, No. 2: 64-85.". March–April 2002.  (Note: The final page of this report is clearly labeled as an advertisement)
^ "Past Graham & Dodd Award Winners". CFA Institute. Financial Analysts Journal. September 9, 2016. 
^ "Arnott, Robert D. Asness, Clifford S. "Surprise! Higher Dividends = Higher Earnings Growth." Financial Analysts Journal" (PDF). January–February 2003. 
^ "Arnott, Robert, Jason Hsu, and Philip Moore. "Fundamental Indexation." Financial Analysts Journal. Volume 61. Number 2." (PDF). CFA Institute. 2005. 
^ "Hougan, Matt. "Is 'Buy the Market' Best?" Financial Advisor.". February 2006. 
^ "Clairvoyant Value and the Value Effect." (PDF). 
^ "Demographic Changes, Financial Markets, and the Economy." (PDF). Financial Analysts Journal. 
^ "The Surprising Alpha from Malkiel's Monkey and Upside-Down Strategies." (PDF). Journal of Portfolio Management. 
^ "About Research Affiliates.". 
^ "How to Corral an Index Fund (with a new rope)", January 21, 2007, New York Times
^ "Research Affiliates Sells Minority Interest to Nomura Asset Management". January 8, 2007.  Press Release listed at Yahoo! Finance
^ Yang, Jia Lynn (11 October 2013). "Here’s who pays the bills for Ted Cruz’s crusade". Washington Post. Retrieved 11 October 2013. 
^ http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/rand-paul-super-pac_55b28c43e4b0074ba5a48427
^ "Fundamental Index ETFs; The difference is fundamental" (pdf). Invesco PowerShares. 2009. Retrieved November 29, 2010. 
^ "The Universal Times". Summer Science Program. February 2010. Retrieved November 29, 2010. 



External links[edit]

Research Affiliates, LLC




Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 77788080
LCCN: n86006840










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Robert_D._Arnott&oldid=787479112"					
Categories: American businesspeople1954 birthsLiving peopleAmerican business writersSummer Science ProgramUniversity of California, Santa Barbara alumniHidden categories: Pages using web citations with no URLAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2017Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 25 June 2017, at 17:09.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Robert D. Arnott - Wikipedia






















 






Robert D. Arnott

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Research Affiliates)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people with the same name, see Robert Arnott (disambiguation).


Robert D. Arnott





Born
(1954-06-29) June 29, 1954 (age 63)
Chicago, IL


Residence
U.S.


Nationality
U.S.


Fields
Finance


Institutions
Research Affiliates


Alma mater
University of California at Santa Barbara


Robert D. Arnott (born June 29, 1954) is an American entrepreneur, investor, editor and writer who focuses on articles about quantitative investing. He serves as chairman and chief executive officer of Research Affiliates, LLC, which advises on over $160 billion in institutional investment assets, as of year-end 2015. He is married with four children. He edited CFA Institute's Financial Analysts Journal from 2002–2006, and has edited three books on equity management and tactical asset allocation.[1] He is a co-author of the book The Fundamental Index: A Better Way to Invest, and co-editor of three other books relating to asset allocation and equity market investing.[2]
Arnott has also served as a Visiting Professor of Finance at the UCLA Anderson School of Management, on the editorial board of the Journal of Portfolio Management, the product advisory board of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, and the Chicago Board Options Exchange.[1] He previously served as Chairman of First Quadrant, LP, as global equity strategist at Salomon (now Salomon Smith Barney), president of TSA Capital Management (now TSA/Analytic), and as vice president at the Boston Company.[3]
Arnott has received seven[4] Graham and Dodd Scrolls and Awards, awarded annually by the CFA Institute for best articles of the year, and has received three Bernstein-Fabozzi/Jacobs-Levy awards from the Journal of Portfolio Management and Institutional Investor magazine.[5]



Contents


1 Writing
2 Research Affiliates, LLC
3 Political contributions
4 Education
5 Bibliography
6 Notes
7 External links



Writing[edit]
Arnott has published over 100 academic papers in refereed journals.[3] Topics of these papers have included mutual fund returns, the equity risk premium, tactical asset allocation, and alternative index investing.

2000, "Investment Management Reflections," with Andrew L. Berkin and Jia Ye. This paper argued that not only did 75% of actively managed equity mutual funds underperform the Vanguard S&P 500 Index Fund but that after taking into account taxation, 66 out of the 71 mutual funds in the sample underperformed. A later study that looked at the 1990s found that 322 out of 355 mutual funds in the sample underperformed the Vanguard S&P 500 Index Fund after tax.[6]
2002, "What Risk Premium is 'Normal'?" with Peter Bernstein. This paper argued that much of previous stock market returns had come from price-to-earnings ratio expansion and dividend yields, the former of which is unsustainable and the latter of which is historically low. Therefore, stock market returns will be lower in the long-term than they have historically been.[7] Arnott and Bernstein were awarded the Graham and Dodd Award for excellence in financial writing for this article.[8]
2003, "Surprise! Higher Dividends = Higher Earnings Growth," with Cliff Asness. This paper stated that against traditional theory, that the more a public company paid out in dividends, the greater that company's earnings grew. Results were statistically significant and robust with respect to time period and after controlling for the investment-to-GDP ratio, earnings yield, and the slope of the yield curve.[9]
2005, "Fundamental Indexation" with Jason Hsu and Philip Moore. This paper introduced the idea of weighting indices by fundamentals instead of capitalization, stating that indices weighted by fundamentals tend to outperform indices weighted by capitalization with similar volatility.[10] This paper was the recipient of the William F. Sharpe best-index related research paper award. Research Affiliates' fundamentally based indexes won the award for the most innovative benchmark index.[11]
2008, The Fundamental Index: A Better Way to Invest. This book, published by Wiley Press and co-authored with Jason Hsu and John West, examines in detail how the Fundamental Index approach to investing can overcome the structural return drag created by traditional capitalization-weighted index strategies.
2009, "Clairvoyant Value and the Value Effect" [12] with Feifei Li and Katy Sherrerd. Using the prism of "clairvoyant value" - the net present value of all future cash flows on an investment, which is only known long after-the-fact for stocks in decades past - this paper and related subsequent paper demonstrate that the market does a superb job of differentiating which stocks deserve premium valuation multiples, but then pays too much for them. Selected as the lead article in the Spring 2009 Journal of Portfolio Management.
2012, "Demographic Changes, Financial Markets, and the Economy" [13] with Denis Chaves. Spanning sixty years of data in two dozen economies, this paper demonstrates that demography plays a very important role in shaping GDP growth and capital market returns. It strongly suggests that the developed world should prepare for slower GDP growth in the years ahead, and softer stock and bond returns in the 2020s and beyond. This paper was selected as the lead article for the January/February 2012 issue of the Financial Analysts Journal, and went on to win a Graham and Dodd Scroll.
2013, "The Surprising Alpha from Malkiel's Monkey and Upside-Down Strategies" [14] with Jason Hsu, Vitali Kalesnik, and Phil Tindall. This paper documents that many of the popular so-called "smart beta" strategies work just as well, if not better, when turned upside-down, with their smallest and largest holdings reversed. In so doing, the paper demonstrates that the key to the success of these strategies is not the advertised method of the strategy, but the mere act of breaking the link between a stock's price and its weight in the portfolio. This paper was one of three winners of a Bernstein-Fabozzi/Jacobs-Levy Award, as one of the best articles in 2013 in the Journal of Portfolio Management.

Research Affiliates, LLC[edit]
In 2002, Arnott founded Research Affiliates, a Newport Beach, California-based investment management firm. As of June 30, 2016, about $161 billion in assets are managed worldwide using investment strategies developed by Research Affiliates.[15] The firm has been involved with fundamentally based indexes since mid-2004 and has worked with the FTSE Group to create indices based on this methodology.[16]
On January 8, 2006, Research Affiliates sold a minority interest in the company to Nomura Asset Management.[17]
In November, 2009, Research Affiliates was granted a patent for their index methodology that selects and weights securities using fundamental measures of company size. Laise, Eleanor (November 18, 2009). "Indexing Patent to Test Fund Firms". The Wall Street Journal. 
Political contributions[edit]
Arnott has given $750,000 to support The Club for Growth, a conservative anti-tax group. Arnott considers himself a libertarian, and opposes the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.[18] In 2015, Arnott donated $100,000 to America's Liberty PAC, a political action committee formed in support of Rand Paul's 2016 presidential bid.[19]
Education[edit]
Arnott graduated summa cum laude from UCSB in 1977 in economics, applied mathematics and computer science.[3][20] While a high school student in 1970, he attended the Summer Science Program.[21][dead link]
Bibliography[edit]
1. "The Myth of Dynastic Wealth: The Rich Get Poorer" with Lillian Wu and William J. Bernstein, Cato Journal, October 2015.
"Rip Van Winkle Indexing" with Vitali Kalesnik and Noah Beck, Journal of Portfolio Management, August 2015.
"Whither Bonds After the Demographic Dividend?" CFA Institute Conference Proceedings Quarterly, March 2015.
"Getting Smarter About Commodities" with Denis Chaves, Jodie Gunzberg, Jason Hsu, and Peter Tsui, Journal of Indexes, November/December 2014.
"The Glidepath Illusion ... And Potential Solutions" with Katrina Sherrerd and Lilian Wu, Journal of Retirement, Fall 2013. Selected as lead article
2. "A New 'New Normal' in Demography and Economic Growth" with Denis Chaves", Journal of Indexes, September/October 2013.
3. "The Surprising Alpha from Malkiel’s Monkey and Upside-Down Strategies" with Jason Hsu, Vitali Kalesnik, and Phil Tindall, Journal of Portfolio Management, Summer 2013. Winner of Bernstein-Fabozzi/Jacobs-Levy Award for 2013
4. "Clairvoyant Discount Rates", with Katy Sherrerd and Geoff Wilson, Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 2013.
5. "The Winner’s Curse: Too Big to Succeed?" with Lillian Wu, European Financial Review, Winter 2013, Selected as lead article.
6. "The Winner’s Curse: Too Big to Succeed?” with Lillian Wu, Journal of Indexes, November/December 2012.
7. "Rebalancing and the Value Effect" with Denis Chaves, Journal of Portfolio Management, Fall 2012.
8. "Demographic Changes, Financial Markets, and the Economy" with Denis Chaves, Financial Analysts Journal, January/February 2012. Selected as lead article. Winner of 2012 Graham and Dodd Scroll.
9. "Better Beta Explained: Demystifying Alternative Equity Index Strategies" Journal of Index Investing, Summer 2011.
10. "Selection Bias: How an index chooses stocks really does make a difference" with Li-Lan Kuo. Journal of Indexes, July/August 2011
11. "Is Your Alpha Big Enough To Cover Its Taxes? Revisited" with Andrew Berkin and Paul Bouchey. Investments and Wealth Monitor, January/February 2011. Selected as lead article
12. "Debt be not Proud: Getting Down to the Fundamentals of Sovereign Debt" Journal of Indexes, November/December 2010. Selected as lead article
13. "How UMAs Can Help Limit Your Tax Tab" with Brian Langstraat. Investment News, June 2010.
14. "Applying Valuation-Indifferent Indexing to Fixed Income" with Jason Hsu, Feifei Li and Shane Shepherd. Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 2010.
15. "Beyond Cap Weight: The Search for Efficient Beta" with Vitali Kalesnik, Paul Moghtader and Craig Scholl, Journal of Indexes, January/February 2010.
16. "Does Noise Create the Size and Value Effects" with Jason Hsu, Jun Liu and Harry Markowitz. Draft paper, pending publication.
17. "Applying Valuation-Indifferent Indexing to Fixed Income" with Jason Hsu, Feifei Li and Shane Shepherd. Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 2010.
18. "Illusions and Delusions" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 2006.
19. "Clairvoyant Value and the Growth/Value Cycle" with Feifei Li and Katy Sherrerd, Journal of Portfolio Management, Summer 2009.
20. "Clairvoyant Value and the Value effect" with Feifei Li and Katy Sherrerd, 'Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 2009. Selected as lead article. 21. "Bonds: Why Bother?" Journal of Indexes, May/June 2009. Selected as lead article.
22. "Noise, CAPM and the Size and Value Effects" with Jason Hsu, Journal of Investment Management, First Quarter 2008.
23."What is Wealth?" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, September/October 2006.
24."Fundamental IndexesTM: Current and Future Applications" with John West, Institutional Investor Fifth Anniversary Guide to ETFs, Fall 2006.
25."Expectations Shortfall" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, July/August 2006.
26."Implementation Shortfall" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, May/June 2006.
27."The Fiduciary Time Line: Implications for Asset Allocation" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 2006.
28."The Pension Problem: On Demographic Time Bombs and Odious Debt" Editor's Corner,Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 2005.
29."Disentangling Size and Value" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, September/October 2005.
30."Performance Fees: The Good, the Bad, and the (Occasionally) Ugly" Editor's Corner,Financial Analysts Journal, July/August 2005.
31."What Cost'Noise'?" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 2005.
32."Fundamental Indexation" with Jason Hsu and Phil Moore, Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 2005.
33."Whither Finance Theory?" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, January/February 2005.
34."Can We Keep Our Promises?" Editor's Corner,Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 2004.
35."The Policy Portfolio Problem" Editor's Corner,Financial Analysts Journal, July/August 2004.
36."Will We Retire Later and Poorer" with Anne Casscells, Journal of Investing, Summer 2004.
37."Blinded by Theory: How Finance Theory Leads Us Astray" Journal of Portfolio Management, Thirtieth Anniversary Edition, Summer 2004. 38."Ethics and Unintended Consequences" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, May/June 2004.
39."The Meaning of a Slender Risk Premium" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 2004.
40."Is Our Industry Intellectually Lazy?" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, January/February 2004.
41."Who's Minding the Store?" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 2003.
42."The Mystery of TIPS" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, September/October 2003.
43."Earnings Growth: The Two Percent Dilution" with Bill Bernstein, Financial Analysts Journal, September/October 2003.
44."Managing Investments for the Long Term" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, July/August 2003.
45."Dividends and the Three Dwarfs" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, May/June 2003.
46."Demographics and Capital Market Returns" with Anne Casscells, Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 2003.
47."What Risk Matters? A Call for Papers!" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 2003.
48."Surprise! Higher Dividends = Higher Earnings Growth" with Clifford S. Asness, Financial Analysts Journal, January/February 2003. 49."Dividends and Dividend Taxation" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, January/February 2003.
50."Risk Budgeting and Portable Alpha" Journal of Investing, Summer 2002.
51."What Risk Premium is 'Normal'?" with Peter L. Bernstein, Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 2002. Selected as Cover Article. Winner of Graham and Dodd Award for 2002. Translated and reprinted in Japanese Security Analysts Journal,July/August 2002.
52."DB and DC Plans Face a Trillion-dollar Time Bomb" Pensions and Investments, March 18, 2002.
53."The Death of the Risk Premium: Consequences of the 1990s" Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 2001.
54."The Management and Mismanagement of Taxable Assets" Journal of Investing, Winter 2001.
55."How Well Have Taxable Investors Been Served in the 1980s and 1990s" Journal of Portfolio Management, Summer 2000.
56."Tax-Advantaged Investing" Journal of Private Portfolio Management, Spring 1999.
57."Avoiding the Taxman: Tax-Efficient Investing" Journal of Private Portfolio Management, Winter 1998.
58."The Concept of Portable Alpha" with Eric A.T. Innes, Benefits and Pensions Monitor, October 1999.
59."A Fundamental Approach to Currency Valuation" Risk in Investment Portfolios: AIMR Conference Proceedings, November 1998.
60."Options and Protective Strategies" Journal of Investing, Summer 1998.
61."Surprise! TAA Can Work in Quiet Markets" Journal of Investing, Fall 1997.
62."Bull Market? Bear Market? Should You Really Care?" Journal of Portfolio Management, Fall 1997.
63."Quantitative Management: Its Role in the Coming Decade" Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 1994.
64."Winning in the '80s: What It Took" Journal of Investing, Winter 1994.
65."Controlling Insurance Risk and Consumer Costs: Asset Risk Under Risk-based Capital Requirements" with Dave Flynn, Journal of Insurance Regulation, July/August 1993.
66."Is Your Alpha Big Enough to Cover Its Taxes?" with Robert H. Jeffrey, Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 1993.
67."Tactical Currency Allocation" Financial Analysts Journal, July/August 1993.Translated and reprinted in Japanese Security Analysts Journal, November/December 1992.
68."Rebalancing: Why? When? How Often?" Lead article, The Journal of Investing, Spring 1993.
69."The Policy Management Challenge: Plugging the Performance Drain" Canadian Investment Review, Summer 1992.
70."Due Diligence" Journal of Portfolio Management, Winter 1992.
71."How Active Management Can Take the 'Drift' Out of Policy Asset Mix" with Greg Edwards, Canadian Investment Review, Winter 1992.
72."The Case for the Futures" with Greg Edwards, Benefits Canada, October 1992.
73."Style Management: The Missing Element in Equity Portfolios" Journal of Investing, Summer 1992.
74."Transaction Costs: Measurement and Control" with Wayne Wagner, Financial Analysts Journal, September/October 1990.
75."Reappraising the Asset Allocation Decision" with M. Leibowitz, L. Bader, R. Elenriksson, Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 1990.
76."Tactical Asset Allocation Concepts" Equity Insights, Chicago Mercantile Exchange, March 1990.
77."Tactical Asset Allocation" Futures, November/December 1989.
78."Forecasting Factor Returns" Journal of Portfolio Management, Fifteenth Anniversary Edition, Fall 1989.
79."A Total Differential Approach to Equity Duration" with M. Leibowitz, E. Sorensen, H. Hanson, Financial Analysts Journal, September/October 1989.Awarded 1989 Graham and Dodd Scroll. Chapter in Asset Allocation, Probus Press, 1988. Translated and reprinted in Japanese Security Analysts Journal, September 1989.
80."Global Asset Allocation: A World of Opportunity" Investment Management Review, January/February 1989.
81."The Future for Quantitative Investment Management" Journal of Portfolio Management, Winter 1998.
82."The Investment Management World of the 1990s" Institutional Investor/Investment Management Forum, December 1998.
83."Mounting Pressures for a Shift to Conservatism" Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 1998.
84."Asset Allocation for the Canadian Investor" Canadian Investment Review, Fall 1988.
85."The Equity Risk Premium and Stock Market Performance" with E.H. Sorensen, Journal of Portfolio Management, Summer 1988.
86."Asset Allocation-Look Before You Leap" with M. Leibowitz, L. Bader, R. Henriksson, Investment Management Review, March/April 1988.
87."Marketing Quantitative Product" Marketing Investment Management Services, Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts, February 1988.
88."The Right Way to Manage Your Pension Fund" with P.L Bernstein, Harvard Business Review, January/February 1988.
89."Portfolio Insurance: Trade-offs and Choices" with R.G. Clarke, Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 1987.
90."Cluster Analysis and Manager Selection" with J. Bailey, Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 1986.Selected as cover article.
91."Futures Strategy in Asset Allocation" The Challenge of Investing for Endowment Funds, Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts, October 1986.
92."S&P Additions and Deletions - A Market Anomaly" with .S.J. Vincent, Journal of Portfolio Management, Fall 1986.
93."Pension Funds and The Bottom Line: A Review" with R.G. Clarke, Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 1986.
94."Asset Allocation: The Challenges and Opportunities of Implementation" Asset Allocation for Institutional Portfolios, Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts, February 1986.
95."The Pension Sponsors View of Asset Allocation" Financial Analysts Journal, September/October 1985.
96."The Business Cycle and Security Selection" with W. Copeland, Lead article, Financial Analysts Journal, April/May 1985. Winner of the 1986 Graham and Dodd Scroll. Required reading for the CFA level III exam. Translated and published in Japanese Securities Analysts Journal, January 1988..
97."The Use and Misuse of Consensus Estimates" Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 1985.
98."Economics Considerations in Initiating and Adjusting Portfolio Positions" Improving the Investment Decision Process: Applying Economics Analysis to Portfolio Management, Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts, July 1984.
99."Systematic Asset Allocation - Reflections from the U.S.A." with J.N. von Germeten, Benefits International, May 1984.
100."Clues to Effective Asset Allocation" with J.N. von Germeten, Pensions and Investments, January 9, 1984 Feature.
101."Systematic Asset Allocation" with J.N. von Germeten, Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 1983. Winner of the 1984 Graham and Dodd Scroll. Required reading for the CFA level II exam. Translated and published in Japanese Securities Analysts Journal, September 1986.
102."What Hath MPT Wrought: What Risks Reap Rewards?" Journal of Portfolio Management, Fall 1983. Selected as lead article. Chapter in Selected Topics in Investment Management, Institutional Investor, 1988.
103."Cluster Analysis and Stock Price Co-movement" Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 1980.Required reading for the CFA Level III exam.
104."Modeling Portfolios of Covered Option" Journal of Portfolio Management, Fall 1980.
105."Relative Strength Revisited" Journal of Portfolio Management, Winter 1977.
106."FORTRAN Control of the Real-Time Signal Processing with High-Speed Processor" with J.D. Market, IEEE Transactions on Acoustics, Speech and Signal Processing, May 1977.
107."The Basic Speed Law for Capital Market Returns" with Brad Cornell, CFA Magazine, November/December 2008.
108."An Overwrought Orthodoxy" Institutional Investor, December 2007.
109."Blinded by Theory?" Institutional Investor, October 2004.
110."Past and Present Flaws in the Mantra of Stocks-for-the-long-run" with Peter L. Bernstein. short version. Pensions and Investments, February 18, 2002.
111."The Policy Management Challenge: Plugging the Performance Drain" Global Investing, May/June 1991.
112."Transaction Costs and Logn Term Performance" with Charles D. Walbrandt, Investing, Winter 1990.
113."The Transactions Costs Barrier" Investing, March/April 1990.
114."Derivatives, Program Trading and Volatility" Pensions & Investments, February 10, 1990.
115."Mistakes Result in Poor Global Performance" Pensions & Investments, October 16, 1989.
116."Reducing the Risks of Divestiture" with R. Boling, Feature,Pensions and Investment Age, August 5, 1985.
117."Portfolio Insurance's Future Rides on Futures" with R. Boling,Feature,Pensions and Investment Age, September 1, 1986.
Notes[edit]



^ a b ""Q&A with Rob Arnott" NAREIT - Capital Markets.". January–February 2007.  Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "Wiley: The Fundamental Index: A Better Way To Invest.". 
^ a b c "Robert D. Arnott biography". Research Affiliates. 
^ "All Past Graham and Dodd Award Winners.". 
^ "Bernstein-Fabozzi/Jacobs Levy Award.". 
^ "Arnott, Robert. Berkin, Andrew L. Ye, Jia. "The Management and Mismanagement of Taxable Assets." Investment Management Reflections No. 2" (PDF). 2000. 
^ "Arnott, Robert D. and Bernstein, Peter L., "What Risk Premium is 'Normal'?" Financial Analysts Journal, Vol. 58, No. 2: 64-85.". March–April 2002.  (Note: The final page of this report is clearly labeled as an advertisement)
^ "Past Graham & Dodd Award Winners". CFA Institute. Financial Analysts Journal. September 9, 2016. 
^ "Arnott, Robert D. Asness, Clifford S. "Surprise! Higher Dividends = Higher Earnings Growth." Financial Analysts Journal" (PDF). January–February 2003. 
^ "Arnott, Robert, Jason Hsu, and Philip Moore. "Fundamental Indexation." Financial Analysts Journal. Volume 61. Number 2." (PDF). CFA Institute. 2005. 
^ "Hougan, Matt. "Is 'Buy the Market' Best?" Financial Advisor.". February 2006. 
^ "Clairvoyant Value and the Value Effect." (PDF). 
^ "Demographic Changes, Financial Markets, and the Economy." (PDF). Financial Analysts Journal. 
^ "The Surprising Alpha from Malkiel's Monkey and Upside-Down Strategies." (PDF). Journal of Portfolio Management. 
^ "About Research Affiliates.". 
^ "How to Corral an Index Fund (with a new rope)", January 21, 2007, New York Times
^ "Research Affiliates Sells Minority Interest to Nomura Asset Management". January 8, 2007.  Press Release listed at Yahoo! Finance
^ Yang, Jia Lynn (11 October 2013). "Here’s who pays the bills for Ted Cruz’s crusade". Washington Post. Retrieved 11 October 2013. 
^ http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/rand-paul-super-pac_55b28c43e4b0074ba5a48427
^ "Fundamental Index ETFs; The difference is fundamental" (pdf). Invesco PowerShares. 2009. Retrieved November 29, 2010. 
^ "The Universal Times". Summer Science Program. February 2010. Retrieved November 29, 2010. 



External links[edit]

Research Affiliates, LLC




Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 77788080
LCCN: n86006840










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Robert_D._Arnott&oldid=787479112"					
Categories: American businesspeople1954 birthsLiving peopleAmerican business writersSummer Science ProgramUniversity of California, Santa Barbara alumniHidden categories: Pages using web citations with no URLAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2017Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 25 June 2017, at 17:09.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Robert D. Arnott - Wikipedia






















 






Robert D. Arnott

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Research Affiliates)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people with the same name, see Robert Arnott (disambiguation).


Robert D. Arnott





Born
(1954-06-29) June 29, 1954 (age 63)
Chicago, IL


Residence
U.S.


Nationality
U.S.


Fields
Finance


Institutions
Research Affiliates


Alma mater
University of California at Santa Barbara


Robert D. Arnott (born June 29, 1954) is an American entrepreneur, investor, editor and writer who focuses on articles about quantitative investing. He serves as chairman and chief executive officer of Research Affiliates, LLC, which advises on over $160 billion in institutional investment assets, as of year-end 2015. He is married with four children. He edited CFA Institute's Financial Analysts Journal from 2002–2006, and has edited three books on equity management and tactical asset allocation.[1] He is a co-author of the book The Fundamental Index: A Better Way to Invest, and co-editor of three other books relating to asset allocation and equity market investing.[2]
Arnott has also served as a Visiting Professor of Finance at the UCLA Anderson School of Management, on the editorial board of the Journal of Portfolio Management, the product advisory board of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, and the Chicago Board Options Exchange.[1] He previously served as Chairman of First Quadrant, LP, as global equity strategist at Salomon (now Salomon Smith Barney), president of TSA Capital Management (now TSA/Analytic), and as vice president at the Boston Company.[3]
Arnott has received seven[4] Graham and Dodd Scrolls and Awards, awarded annually by the CFA Institute for best articles of the year, and has received three Bernstein-Fabozzi/Jacobs-Levy awards from the Journal of Portfolio Management and Institutional Investor magazine.[5]



Contents


1 Writing
2 Research Affiliates, LLC
3 Political contributions
4 Education
5 Bibliography
6 Notes
7 External links



Writing[edit]
Arnott has published over 100 academic papers in refereed journals.[3] Topics of these papers have included mutual fund returns, the equity risk premium, tactical asset allocation, and alternative index investing.

2000, "Investment Management Reflections," with Andrew L. Berkin and Jia Ye. This paper argued that not only did 75% of actively managed equity mutual funds underperform the Vanguard S&P 500 Index Fund but that after taking into account taxation, 66 out of the 71 mutual funds in the sample underperformed. A later study that looked at the 1990s found that 322 out of 355 mutual funds in the sample underperformed the Vanguard S&P 500 Index Fund after tax.[6]
2002, "What Risk Premium is 'Normal'?" with Peter Bernstein. This paper argued that much of previous stock market returns had come from price-to-earnings ratio expansion and dividend yields, the former of which is unsustainable and the latter of which is historically low. Therefore, stock market returns will be lower in the long-term than they have historically been.[7] Arnott and Bernstein were awarded the Graham and Dodd Award for excellence in financial writing for this article.[8]
2003, "Surprise! Higher Dividends = Higher Earnings Growth," with Cliff Asness. This paper stated that against traditional theory, that the more a public company paid out in dividends, the greater that company's earnings grew. Results were statistically significant and robust with respect to time period and after controlling for the investment-to-GDP ratio, earnings yield, and the slope of the yield curve.[9]
2005, "Fundamental Indexation" with Jason Hsu and Philip Moore. This paper introduced the idea of weighting indices by fundamentals instead of capitalization, stating that indices weighted by fundamentals tend to outperform indices weighted by capitalization with similar volatility.[10] This paper was the recipient of the William F. Sharpe best-index related research paper award. Research Affiliates' fundamentally based indexes won the award for the most innovative benchmark index.[11]
2008, The Fundamental Index: A Better Way to Invest. This book, published by Wiley Press and co-authored with Jason Hsu and John West, examines in detail how the Fundamental Index approach to investing can overcome the structural return drag created by traditional capitalization-weighted index strategies.
2009, "Clairvoyant Value and the Value Effect" [12] with Feifei Li and Katy Sherrerd. Using the prism of "clairvoyant value" - the net present value of all future cash flows on an investment, which is only known long after-the-fact for stocks in decades past - this paper and related subsequent paper demonstrate that the market does a superb job of differentiating which stocks deserve premium valuation multiples, but then pays too much for them. Selected as the lead article in the Spring 2009 Journal of Portfolio Management.
2012, "Demographic Changes, Financial Markets, and the Economy" [13] with Denis Chaves. Spanning sixty years of data in two dozen economies, this paper demonstrates that demography plays a very important role in shaping GDP growth and capital market returns. It strongly suggests that the developed world should prepare for slower GDP growth in the years ahead, and softer stock and bond returns in the 2020s and beyond. This paper was selected as the lead article for the January/February 2012 issue of the Financial Analysts Journal, and went on to win a Graham and Dodd Scroll.
2013, "The Surprising Alpha from Malkiel's Monkey and Upside-Down Strategies" [14] with Jason Hsu, Vitali Kalesnik, and Phil Tindall. This paper documents that many of the popular so-called "smart beta" strategies work just as well, if not better, when turned upside-down, with their smallest and largest holdings reversed. In so doing, the paper demonstrates that the key to the success of these strategies is not the advertised method of the strategy, but the mere act of breaking the link between a stock's price and its weight in the portfolio. This paper was one of three winners of a Bernstein-Fabozzi/Jacobs-Levy Award, as one of the best articles in 2013 in the Journal of Portfolio Management.

Research Affiliates, LLC[edit]
In 2002, Arnott founded Research Affiliates, a Newport Beach, California-based investment management firm. As of June 30, 2016, about $161 billion in assets are managed worldwide using investment strategies developed by Research Affiliates.[15] The firm has been involved with fundamentally based indexes since mid-2004 and has worked with the FTSE Group to create indices based on this methodology.[16]
On January 8, 2006, Research Affiliates sold a minority interest in the company to Nomura Asset Management.[17]
In November, 2009, Research Affiliates was granted a patent for their index methodology that selects and weights securities using fundamental measures of company size. Laise, Eleanor (November 18, 2009). "Indexing Patent to Test Fund Firms". The Wall Street Journal. 
Political contributions[edit]
Arnott has given $750,000 to support The Club for Growth, a conservative anti-tax group. Arnott considers himself a libertarian, and opposes the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.[18] In 2015, Arnott donated $100,000 to America's Liberty PAC, a political action committee formed in support of Rand Paul's 2016 presidential bid.[19]
Education[edit]
Arnott graduated summa cum laude from UCSB in 1977 in economics, applied mathematics and computer science.[3][20] While a high school student in 1970, he attended the Summer Science Program.[21][dead link]
Bibliography[edit]
1. "The Myth of Dynastic Wealth: The Rich Get Poorer" with Lillian Wu and William J. Bernstein, Cato Journal, October 2015.
"Rip Van Winkle Indexing" with Vitali Kalesnik and Noah Beck, Journal of Portfolio Management, August 2015.
"Whither Bonds After the Demographic Dividend?" CFA Institute Conference Proceedings Quarterly, March 2015.
"Getting Smarter About Commodities" with Denis Chaves, Jodie Gunzberg, Jason Hsu, and Peter Tsui, Journal of Indexes, November/December 2014.
"The Glidepath Illusion ... And Potential Solutions" with Katrina Sherrerd and Lilian Wu, Journal of Retirement, Fall 2013. Selected as lead article
2. "A New 'New Normal' in Demography and Economic Growth" with Denis Chaves", Journal of Indexes, September/October 2013.
3. "The Surprising Alpha from Malkiel’s Monkey and Upside-Down Strategies" with Jason Hsu, Vitali Kalesnik, and Phil Tindall, Journal of Portfolio Management, Summer 2013. Winner of Bernstein-Fabozzi/Jacobs-Levy Award for 2013
4. "Clairvoyant Discount Rates", with Katy Sherrerd and Geoff Wilson, Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 2013.
5. "The Winner’s Curse: Too Big to Succeed?" with Lillian Wu, European Financial Review, Winter 2013, Selected as lead article.
6. "The Winner’s Curse: Too Big to Succeed?” with Lillian Wu, Journal of Indexes, November/December 2012.
7. "Rebalancing and the Value Effect" with Denis Chaves, Journal of Portfolio Management, Fall 2012.
8. "Demographic Changes, Financial Markets, and the Economy" with Denis Chaves, Financial Analysts Journal, January/February 2012. Selected as lead article. Winner of 2012 Graham and Dodd Scroll.
9. "Better Beta Explained: Demystifying Alternative Equity Index Strategies" Journal of Index Investing, Summer 2011.
10. "Selection Bias: How an index chooses stocks really does make a difference" with Li-Lan Kuo. Journal of Indexes, July/August 2011
11. "Is Your Alpha Big Enough To Cover Its Taxes? Revisited" with Andrew Berkin and Paul Bouchey. Investments and Wealth Monitor, January/February 2011. Selected as lead article
12. "Debt be not Proud: Getting Down to the Fundamentals of Sovereign Debt" Journal of Indexes, November/December 2010. Selected as lead article
13. "How UMAs Can Help Limit Your Tax Tab" with Brian Langstraat. Investment News, June 2010.
14. "Applying Valuation-Indifferent Indexing to Fixed Income" with Jason Hsu, Feifei Li and Shane Shepherd. Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 2010.
15. "Beyond Cap Weight: The Search for Efficient Beta" with Vitali Kalesnik, Paul Moghtader and Craig Scholl, Journal of Indexes, January/February 2010.
16. "Does Noise Create the Size and Value Effects" with Jason Hsu, Jun Liu and Harry Markowitz. Draft paper, pending publication.
17. "Applying Valuation-Indifferent Indexing to Fixed Income" with Jason Hsu, Feifei Li and Shane Shepherd. Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 2010.
18. "Illusions and Delusions" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 2006.
19. "Clairvoyant Value and the Growth/Value Cycle" with Feifei Li and Katy Sherrerd, Journal of Portfolio Management, Summer 2009.
20. "Clairvoyant Value and the Value effect" with Feifei Li and Katy Sherrerd, 'Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 2009. Selected as lead article. 21. "Bonds: Why Bother?" Journal of Indexes, May/June 2009. Selected as lead article.
22. "Noise, CAPM and the Size and Value Effects" with Jason Hsu, Journal of Investment Management, First Quarter 2008.
23."What is Wealth?" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, September/October 2006.
24."Fundamental IndexesTM: Current and Future Applications" with John West, Institutional Investor Fifth Anniversary Guide to ETFs, Fall 2006.
25."Expectations Shortfall" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, July/August 2006.
26."Implementation Shortfall" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, May/June 2006.
27."The Fiduciary Time Line: Implications for Asset Allocation" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 2006.
28."The Pension Problem: On Demographic Time Bombs and Odious Debt" Editor's Corner,Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 2005.
29."Disentangling Size and Value" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, September/October 2005.
30."Performance Fees: The Good, the Bad, and the (Occasionally) Ugly" Editor's Corner,Financial Analysts Journal, July/August 2005.
31."What Cost'Noise'?" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 2005.
32."Fundamental Indexation" with Jason Hsu and Phil Moore, Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 2005.
33."Whither Finance Theory?" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, January/February 2005.
34."Can We Keep Our Promises?" Editor's Corner,Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 2004.
35."The Policy Portfolio Problem" Editor's Corner,Financial Analysts Journal, July/August 2004.
36."Will We Retire Later and Poorer" with Anne Casscells, Journal of Investing, Summer 2004.
37."Blinded by Theory: How Finance Theory Leads Us Astray" Journal of Portfolio Management, Thirtieth Anniversary Edition, Summer 2004. 38."Ethics and Unintended Consequences" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, May/June 2004.
39."The Meaning of a Slender Risk Premium" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 2004.
40."Is Our Industry Intellectually Lazy?" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, January/February 2004.
41."Who's Minding the Store?" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 2003.
42."The Mystery of TIPS" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, September/October 2003.
43."Earnings Growth: The Two Percent Dilution" with Bill Bernstein, Financial Analysts Journal, September/October 2003.
44."Managing Investments for the Long Term" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, July/August 2003.
45."Dividends and the Three Dwarfs" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, May/June 2003.
46."Demographics and Capital Market Returns" with Anne Casscells, Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 2003.
47."What Risk Matters? A Call for Papers!" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 2003.
48."Surprise! Higher Dividends = Higher Earnings Growth" with Clifford S. Asness, Financial Analysts Journal, January/February 2003. 49."Dividends and Dividend Taxation" Editor's Corner, Financial Analysts Journal, January/February 2003.
50."Risk Budgeting and Portable Alpha" Journal of Investing, Summer 2002.
51."What Risk Premium is 'Normal'?" with Peter L. Bernstein, Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 2002. Selected as Cover Article. Winner of Graham and Dodd Award for 2002. Translated and reprinted in Japanese Security Analysts Journal,July/August 2002.
52."DB and DC Plans Face a Trillion-dollar Time Bomb" Pensions and Investments, March 18, 2002.
53."The Death of the Risk Premium: Consequences of the 1990s" Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 2001.
54."The Management and Mismanagement of Taxable Assets" Journal of Investing, Winter 2001.
55."How Well Have Taxable Investors Been Served in the 1980s and 1990s" Journal of Portfolio Management, Summer 2000.
56."Tax-Advantaged Investing" Journal of Private Portfolio Management, Spring 1999.
57."Avoiding the Taxman: Tax-Efficient Investing" Journal of Private Portfolio Management, Winter 1998.
58."The Concept of Portable Alpha" with Eric A.T. Innes, Benefits and Pensions Monitor, October 1999.
59."A Fundamental Approach to Currency Valuation" Risk in Investment Portfolios: AIMR Conference Proceedings, November 1998.
60."Options and Protective Strategies" Journal of Investing, Summer 1998.
61."Surprise! TAA Can Work in Quiet Markets" Journal of Investing, Fall 1997.
62."Bull Market? Bear Market? Should You Really Care?" Journal of Portfolio Management, Fall 1997.
63."Quantitative Management: Its Role in the Coming Decade" Financial Analysts Journal, March/April 1994.
64."Winning in the '80s: What It Took" Journal of Investing, Winter 1994.
65."Controlling Insurance Risk and Consumer Costs: Asset Risk Under Risk-based Capital Requirements" with Dave Flynn, Journal of Insurance Regulation, July/August 1993.
66."Is Your Alpha Big Enough to Cover Its Taxes?" with Robert H. Jeffrey, Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 1993.
67."Tactical Currency Allocation" Financial Analysts Journal, July/August 1993.Translated and reprinted in Japanese Security Analysts Journal, November/December 1992.
68."Rebalancing: Why? When? How Often?" Lead article, The Journal of Investing, Spring 1993.
69."The Policy Management Challenge: Plugging the Performance Drain" Canadian Investment Review, Summer 1992.
70."Due Diligence" Journal of Portfolio Management, Winter 1992.
71."How Active Management Can Take the 'Drift' Out of Policy Asset Mix" with Greg Edwards, Canadian Investment Review, Winter 1992.
72."The Case for the Futures" with Greg Edwards, Benefits Canada, October 1992.
73."Style Management: The Missing Element in Equity Portfolios" Journal of Investing, Summer 1992.
74."Transaction Costs: Measurement and Control" with Wayne Wagner, Financial Analysts Journal, September/October 1990.
75."Reappraising the Asset Allocation Decision" with M. Leibowitz, L. Bader, R. Elenriksson, Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 1990.
76."Tactical Asset Allocation Concepts" Equity Insights, Chicago Mercantile Exchange, March 1990.
77."Tactical Asset Allocation" Futures, November/December 1989.
78."Forecasting Factor Returns" Journal of Portfolio Management, Fifteenth Anniversary Edition, Fall 1989.
79."A Total Differential Approach to Equity Duration" with M. Leibowitz, E. Sorensen, H. Hanson, Financial Analysts Journal, September/October 1989.Awarded 1989 Graham and Dodd Scroll. Chapter in Asset Allocation, Probus Press, 1988. Translated and reprinted in Japanese Security Analysts Journal, September 1989.
80."Global Asset Allocation: A World of Opportunity" Investment Management Review, January/February 1989.
81."The Future for Quantitative Investment Management" Journal of Portfolio Management, Winter 1998.
82."The Investment Management World of the 1990s" Institutional Investor/Investment Management Forum, December 1998.
83."Mounting Pressures for a Shift to Conservatism" Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 1998.
84."Asset Allocation for the Canadian Investor" Canadian Investment Review, Fall 1988.
85."The Equity Risk Premium and Stock Market Performance" with E.H. Sorensen, Journal of Portfolio Management, Summer 1988.
86."Asset Allocation-Look Before You Leap" with M. Leibowitz, L. Bader, R. Henriksson, Investment Management Review, March/April 1988.
87."Marketing Quantitative Product" Marketing Investment Management Services, Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts, February 1988.
88."The Right Way to Manage Your Pension Fund" with P.L Bernstein, Harvard Business Review, January/February 1988.
89."Portfolio Insurance: Trade-offs and Choices" with R.G. Clarke, Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 1987.
90."Cluster Analysis and Manager Selection" with J. Bailey, Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 1986.Selected as cover article.
91."Futures Strategy in Asset Allocation" The Challenge of Investing for Endowment Funds, Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts, October 1986.
92."S&P Additions and Deletions - A Market Anomaly" with .S.J. Vincent, Journal of Portfolio Management, Fall 1986.
93."Pension Funds and The Bottom Line: A Review" with R.G. Clarke, Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 1986.
94."Asset Allocation: The Challenges and Opportunities of Implementation" Asset Allocation for Institutional Portfolios, Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts, February 1986.
95."The Pension Sponsors View of Asset Allocation" Financial Analysts Journal, September/October 1985.
96."The Business Cycle and Security Selection" with W. Copeland, Lead article, Financial Analysts Journal, April/May 1985. Winner of the 1986 Graham and Dodd Scroll. Required reading for the CFA level III exam. Translated and published in Japanese Securities Analysts Journal, January 1988..
97."The Use and Misuse of Consensus Estimates" Journal of Portfolio Management, Spring 1985.
98."Economics Considerations in Initiating and Adjusting Portfolio Positions" Improving the Investment Decision Process: Applying Economics Analysis to Portfolio Management, Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts, July 1984.
99."Systematic Asset Allocation - Reflections from the U.S.A." with J.N. von Germeten, Benefits International, May 1984.
100."Clues to Effective Asset Allocation" with J.N. von Germeten, Pensions and Investments, January 9, 1984 Feature.
101."Systematic Asset Allocation" with J.N. von Germeten, Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 1983. Winner of the 1984 Graham and Dodd Scroll. Required reading for the CFA level II exam. Translated and published in Japanese Securities Analysts Journal, September 1986.
102."What Hath MPT Wrought: What Risks Reap Rewards?" Journal of Portfolio Management, Fall 1983. Selected as lead article. Chapter in Selected Topics in Investment Management, Institutional Investor, 1988.
103."Cluster Analysis and Stock Price Co-movement" Financial Analysts Journal, November/December 1980.Required reading for the CFA Level III exam.
104."Modeling Portfolios of Covered Option" Journal of Portfolio Management, Fall 1980.
105."Relative Strength Revisited" Journal of Portfolio Management, Winter 1977.
106."FORTRAN Control of the Real-Time Signal Processing with High-Speed Processor" with J.D. Market, IEEE Transactions on Acoustics, Speech and Signal Processing, May 1977.
107."The Basic Speed Law for Capital Market Returns" with Brad Cornell, CFA Magazine, November/December 2008.
108."An Overwrought Orthodoxy" Institutional Investor, December 2007.
109."Blinded by Theory?" Institutional Investor, October 2004.
110."Past and Present Flaws in the Mantra of Stocks-for-the-long-run" with Peter L. Bernstein. short version. Pensions and Investments, February 18, 2002.
111."The Policy Management Challenge: Plugging the Performance Drain" Global Investing, May/June 1991.
112."Transaction Costs and Logn Term Performance" with Charles D. Walbrandt, Investing, Winter 1990.
113."The Transactions Costs Barrier" Investing, March/April 1990.
114."Derivatives, Program Trading and Volatility" Pensions & Investments, February 10, 1990.
115."Mistakes Result in Poor Global Performance" Pensions & Investments, October 16, 1989.
116."Reducing the Risks of Divestiture" with R. Boling, Feature,Pensions and Investment Age, August 5, 1985.
117."Portfolio Insurance's Future Rides on Futures" with R. Boling,Feature,Pensions and Investment Age, September 1, 1986.
Notes[edit]



^ a b ""Q&A with Rob Arnott" NAREIT - Capital Markets.". January–February 2007.  Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "Wiley: The Fundamental Index: A Better Way To Invest.". 
^ a b c "Robert D. Arnott biography". Research Affiliates. 
^ "All Past Graham and Dodd Award Winners.". 
^ "Bernstein-Fabozzi/Jacobs Levy Award.". 
^ "Arnott, Robert. Berkin, Andrew L. Ye, Jia. "The Management and Mismanagement of Taxable Assets." Investment Management Reflections No. 2" (PDF). 2000. 
^ "Arnott, Robert D. and Bernstein, Peter L., "What Risk Premium is 'Normal'?" Financial Analysts Journal, Vol. 58, No. 2: 64-85.". March–April 2002.  (Note: The final page of this report is clearly labeled as an advertisement)
^ "Past Graham & Dodd Award Winners". CFA Institute. Financial Analysts Journal. September 9, 2016. 
^ "Arnott, Robert D. Asness, Clifford S. "Surprise! Higher Dividends = Higher Earnings Growth." Financial Analysts Journal" (PDF). January–February 2003. 
^ "Arnott, Robert, Jason Hsu, and Philip Moore. "Fundamental Indexation." Financial Analysts Journal. Volume 61. Number 2." (PDF). CFA Institute. 2005. 
^ "Hougan, Matt. "Is 'Buy the Market' Best?" Financial Advisor.". February 2006. 
^ "Clairvoyant Value and the Value Effect." (PDF). 
^ "Demographic Changes, Financial Markets, and the Economy." (PDF). Financial Analysts Journal. 
^ "The Surprising Alpha from Malkiel's Monkey and Upside-Down Strategies." (PDF). Journal of Portfolio Management. 
^ "About Research Affiliates.". 
^ "How to Corral an Index Fund (with a new rope)", January 21, 2007, New York Times
^ "Research Affiliates Sells Minority Interest to Nomura Asset Management". January 8, 2007.  Press Release listed at Yahoo! Finance
^ Yang, Jia Lynn (11 October 2013). "Here’s who pays the bills for Ted Cruz’s crusade". Washington Post. Retrieved 11 October 2013. 
^ http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/rand-paul-super-pac_55b28c43e4b0074ba5a48427
^ "Fundamental Index ETFs; The difference is fundamental" (pdf). Invesco PowerShares. 2009. Retrieved November 29, 2010. 
^ "The Universal Times". Summer Science Program. February 2010. Retrieved November 29, 2010. 



External links[edit]

Research Affiliates, LLC




Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 77788080
LCCN: n86006840










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Robert_D._Arnott&oldid=787479112"					
Categories: American businesspeople1954 birthsLiving peopleAmerican business writersSummer Science ProgramUniversity of California, Santa Barbara alumniHidden categories: Pages using web citations with no URLAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2017Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 25 June 2017, at 17:09.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








Research Affiliates, LLC                                                                                                 - Newport Beach                                     , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



Newport Beach



Investment Advice



Investment Counselors



                            Research Affiliates, LLC
                                    



 





















R 


Research Affiliates, LLC                                                                                                
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



620 NWPORT CTR DR STE 900 NEWPORT BEACH, CA 92660
Get Directions



(949) 325-8700
www.researchaffiliates.com                                                                              





Business Info



 Founded 2002
 Incorporated CA
 Annual Revenue $22,873,380.00
 Employee Count 80
 Industries Investment Counselors
 Contacts Rob Arnott                                                                                                              







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Research Affiliates, Llc                                                                                                 was founded in 2002. The company is located in Newport Beach and incorporated in California. Research Affiliates, Llc                                                                                                 specializes in Investment Counselors. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







R

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














