










 




Reservoir Capital Group: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:58 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Reservoir Capital Group



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Reservoir Capital Group is a privately owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm provides its services to family office, endowment, and pension fund Limited Partners. It invests in private equity, public equity, fixed income, and alternative markets of the United States. The firm primarily invests in public securities and private investments employing a fundamental analysis with an opportunistic approach. Reservoir Capital Group was founded in 1998 and is located in New York, New York.


650 Madison Avenue26th FloorNew York, NY 10022United StatesFounded in 1998



Phone: 212-610-9000

www.reservoircap.com







Key Executives for Reservoir Capital Group




Mr. Daniel Hennelly Stern


      	Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
      


Age: 52
        







Mr. Craig A. Huff


      	President, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder
      


Age: 52
        







Mr. Gregg M. Zeitlin


      	Co-Founder, Senior Managing Director, and Partner
      


Age: 48
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Reservoir Capital Group, please visit www.reservoircap.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Matthew Popoli, Reservoir Capital Group LLC: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  





















Feedback





Matthew Popoli

Senior Managing Director,
Reservoir Capital Group LLC






Career History




Senior Managing Director
Reservoir Operations LP, 1/2011-PRESENT


Senior Managing Director
Reservoir Capital Group LLC, PRESENT



Reservoir Capital Group LLC, 2005-UNKNOWN







Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-











From The Web












Memberships



Board Memberships




Prosperity Life Insurance Group LLC


Board Member, PRESENT




Amerilife Group LLC


Board Member, PRESENT









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

































Reservoir Capital Group LLC 767 5th Ave New York, NY Financial Advisory Services - MapQuest







































































































    Reservoir Capital Group LLC
  

767 5th Ave

New York
NY
10153




 Reviews



(212) 355-1339
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help























Reservoir Capital Group














Reservoir was founded in 1998 based upon the belief that patient capital and a flexible investment mandate are competitive advantages in the pursuit of superior, long-term risk-adjusted returns. Reservoir's primary investment objective is to identify or create investment opportunities with asymmetric risk/reward profiles - generally offering enhanced downside protection and meaningful upside optionality. These investment opportunities are frequently found in out-of-favor areas experiencing fundamental change and/or scarcity of capital. We also believe a large portion of investment returns are generated by allocating assets to the most attractive asset classes or sectors at opportune times, and that partnering with world-class managers and specialists may provide enhanced risk/reward profiles, superior economics and proprietary deal flow.

              Daniel H. Stern and Craig A. Huff, Co-Chief Executive Officers, and Gregg M. Zeitlin, a Senior Managing Director, founded Reservoir and have worked together as a team for more than nineteen years, including their prior tenure managing Ziff Brothers Investments. The founders are joined by Matthew T. Popoli and Anil A. Ranavat, Senior Managing Directors who have been with Reservoir since 2005, in leading Reservoir's general investment efforts.
















About Us - Reservoir Capital Group





















 





 About Us 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 

 Reservoir was founded in 1998 based upon the belief that patient capital and a flexible investment mandate are competitive advantages in the pursuit of superior, 
	long-term risk-adjusted returns. Reservoir's primary investment objective is to identify or create investment opportunities with asymmetric risk/reward profiles - 
	generally offering enhanced downside protection and meaningful upside optionality. These investment opportunities are frequently found in out-of-favor areas experiencing 
	fundamental change and/or scarcity of capital.

	Reservoir opportunistically invests directly in securities and structured private investments, builds platform companies with industry specialists, 
	and creates new hedge funds and private equity firms in which the Reservoir funds hold ownership or other economic interests. Reservoir currently has over $6 billion of 
	capital under management. 
	
 
 


 
	Daniel H. Stern and Craig A. Huff, Co-Chief Executive Officers, and Gregg M. Zeitlin, a Senior Managing Director, founded Reservoir and 
	have worked together as a team for more than twenty-one years, including their prior tenure managing Ziff Brothers Investments. The founders are joined by Senior Managing Directors Matthew T. 
	Popoli, Anil A. Ranavat, and Eric Engler, in leading Reservoir's investment efforts.

Reservoir has pursued its opportunistic strategy since 1999, initially with the launch of the Opportunistic Fund and subsequently with select capital raisings based on the opportunity set:
 
 






 1998 

 Reservoir Founded; Launch of Opportunistic Fund
"Evergreen" hybrid investment fund



 2010 

 Reservoir/ContourGlobal  Co-Investment Fund
Established to invest alongside the Opportunistic Fund in ContourGlobal, the power platform company



 2012 

 Reservoir Strategic  Partners Fund
Hedge fund seeding focus with PE-like structure



 2014 

 Reservoir Resource  Partners Fund
Natural resources and power focus with PE structure





 
 
 
 
  

 






Reservoir Capital Group LLC                                                                                              - New York                                          , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



New York



Security Brokers and Dealers



Investment Firm, General Brokerage



                            Reservoir Capital Group LLC
                                    



 





















R 


Reservoir Capital Group LLC                                                                                             
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



767 5TH AVE FL 16 NEW YORK, NY 10153
Get Directions



(212) 610-9000
www.reservoircap.com                                                                                    





Business Info



 Founded 1997
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $13,837,465.00
 Employee Count 60
 Industries Investment Firm, General Brokerage
 Contacts Daniel Stern                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Reservoir Capital Group Llc                                                                                              was founded in 1997, and is located at 767 5th Ave Fl 16 in New York. Additional information is available at www.reservoircap.com                                                                                     or by contacting Daniel Stern                                                                                                             at (212) 610-9000. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







R

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Reservoir Capital Group














Reservoir was founded in 1998 based upon the belief that patient capital and a flexible investment mandate are competitive advantages in the pursuit of superior, long-term risk-adjusted returns. Reservoir's primary investment objective is to identify or create investment opportunities with asymmetric risk/reward profiles - generally offering enhanced downside protection and meaningful upside optionality. These investment opportunities are frequently found in out-of-favor areas experiencing fundamental change and/or scarcity of capital. We also believe a large portion of investment returns are generated by allocating assets to the most attractive asset classes or sectors at opportune times, and that partnering with world-class managers and specialists may provide enhanced risk/reward profiles, superior economics and proprietary deal flow.

              Daniel H. Stern and Craig A. Huff, Co-Chief Executive Officers, and Gregg M. Zeitlin, a Senior Managing Director, founded Reservoir and have worked together as a team for more than nineteen years, including their prior tenure managing Ziff Brothers Investments. The founders are joined by Matthew T. Popoli and Anil A. Ranavat, Senior Managing Directors who have been with Reservoir since 2005, in leading Reservoir's general investment efforts.















AmeriLife Buyout - PE Hub






















































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































AmeriLife Buyout


November 14, 2007
By PEHub Administrator



Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
AmeriLife Buyout

Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















Reservoir Capital Group and Black Diamond Capital Partners have acquired Clearwater, Fla.-based insurance marketing company AmeriLife Group LLC, for an undisclosed amount.    PRESS RELEASE AmeriLife Group, L.L.C. today announced the sale of the company by its founder to an investor group, the company's Chief Executive Officer, Timothy North, and other members of the company's senior management team. The investor group, which includes funds managed by Reservoir Capital Group, L.L.C. and Black Diamond Capital Partners, I, L.P., along with AmeriLife management, now own 100% of AmeriLife Group, L.L.C. Timothy North will continue to lead the company as its Chief Executive Officer.   AmeriLife Group, L.L.C. is the largest annuity, life and health insurance marketing organization focused on the U.S. senior market. AmeriLife develops annuity, life and health insurance products with its insurance carrier partners and markets these products through its multi-channel distribution network, which includes a captive career distribution system and over 100,000 independent agents.   Timothy North said, “We are very pleased to have Reservoir Capital Group and Black Diamond as our capital partners. Their capital resources, relationships and expertise in the insurance industry will allow us to continue to profitably grow and expand our distribution and administrative business and to offer innovative products and services to our existing agents, policyholders and insurance carriers.”   “With an experienced and talented management team, and a highly effective distribution network, AmeriLife is well positioned to take advantage of the attractive trends in the annuity and senior life and health insurance markets,” said Craig A. Huff, co-Chief Executive Officer of Reservoir Capital Group. “We are excited to partner with Tim North and the rest of AmeriLife's management team.”   Commenting on the transaction, Jay Novik, a Principal of Black Diamond Capital Partners said, “AmeriLife has an impressive distribution network and strong product development capabilities. We look forward to being an active long-term investor and strategic partner of AmeriLife, with the goal of continuing to expand the company's business.”   The transaction closed on Tuesday, September 25, 2007.    About AmeriLife Group, L.L.C.  AmeriLife Group, L.L.C. is the largest annuity, life and health insurance marketing organization focused on the U.S. senior market. AmeriLife develops annuity, life and health insurance products with its insurance carrier partners within its product development group and markets these products through its multi-channel distribution network, which includes approximately 800 captive career agents in its two captive career distribution systems and over 100,000 independent agents which are accessed by its marketing organization. The company's corporate headquarters is located in Clearwater, FL.   About Reservoir Capital Group, L.L.C. Reservoir Capital Group, L.L.C. is a privately held investment management firm with an opportunistic 'hybrid' investment approach. Reservoir manages opportunistic investment funds which currently have over $3.0 billion under management. These funds invest directly in public securities and private investments, as well as in partnership with investment teams through the creation of hedge funds and private equity firms in which Reservoir is an owner.   About Black Diamond Capital Partners, I, L.P. Black Diamond Capital Partners I, L.P. is a private equity firm that focuses on investments in the insurance industry. The firm was co-founded by its three principals, Jay Novik, Heidi Hutter and Jose Montemayor, in partnership with Reservoir, in 2005. The Black Diamond principals have deep insurance industry relationships and extensive operating, regulatory and investing experience in the sector. 
 





Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
AmeriLife Buyout

Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














 









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts New oil and gas company Native racks up $140 mln
by Iris Dorbian

Bain Capital Double Impact funds two companies
by Iris Dorbian

KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Platinum Equity to buy United Site Services
by Luisa Beltran

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Priceline, KPMG, NovaQuest are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

The carve-out curveball
by peHUBlogger Network

 





































Home - Reservoir Capital Group






















 


Reservoir Capital Group 
is a privately held investment firm 
with a flexible, opportunistic 
investment approach 

 


 




