

Contract and Agreement Category List











































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog







Sample Contract Categories 

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

p

q

r

s

t

u

v

w

x

y

z


abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz


337k
		Delaware
	

277k
		New York
	

113k
		California
	

70k
		Texas
	

68k
		Agreement
	

62k
		Nevada
	

46k
		Florida
	

44k
		Maryland
	

40k
		Illinois
	

38k
		Employment Agreement
	

38k
		Washington
	

37k
		Amended And Restated
	

36k
		Massachusetts
	

34k
		New Jersey
	

33k
		Pennsylvania
	

28k
		Georgia
	

28k
		Colorado
	

26k
		Ohio
	

25k
		Minnesota
	

25k
		Virginia
	

21k
		North Carolina
	

20k
		Incentive Plan
	

19k
		Credit Agreement
	

19k
		Amendment
	

16k
		Connecticut
	

16k
		Michigan
	

15k
		Indiana
	

14k
		Registration Rights Agreement
	

14k
		Recitals
	

13k
		Tennessee
	

13k
		Arizona
	

13k
		Missouri
	

12k
		Purchase Agreement
	

12k
		Promissory Note
	

12k
		Indenture
	

11k
		Warrant
	

11k
		Louisiana
	

11k
		Kansas
	

11k
		Utah
	

11k
		Wisconsin
	

10k
		Oklahoma
	

9k
		Securities Purchase Agreement
	

9k
		Agreement And Plan Of Merger
	

8k
		Iowa
	

8k
		Supplemental Indenture
	

8k
		Note
	

8k
		Equity Incentive Plan
	

7k
		Kentucky
	

7k
		Stock Purchase Agreement
	

7k
		Alabama
	














×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.










Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc.














































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog











Related Companies

AEI Core Property Income Trust, Inc
AMB Property Corporation
Aames Investment Corp
Acadia Realty Trust
Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust
Aegis Realty Inc
Affordable Residential Communities
Ag Mortgage Investment Trust
Agree Realty Corporation
Alexander's, Inc.
Alternative Asset Management Acquisition Corp
AmREIT Monthly Income & Growth Fund III Ltd
AmREIT Monthly Income & Growth Fund IV LP
AmREIT, Inc
Ambassador Apartments Inc



        More Related Companies
      





Home



Sample Contracts



By Company


Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc.




Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc.





      Loading...
    





Standard IndustryClassification
Real estate investment trustsAddress

1845 Walnut Street, Philadelphia, PA 19103
Phone
215-231-7050



Sample Contracts



Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc. –
Amendment to Selected Dealer Agreement
(July 13th, 2017)
This Amendment to the Selected Dealer Agreement, dated as of the 11th day of July, 2017 (this Amendment), is made by and among each of Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company), Resource Securities, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Dealer Manager), Resource REIT Advisor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Advisor), and Resource Real Estate, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Sponsor) (collectively, the Issuer Entities) and Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. (Ameriprise).



Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc. –
Agreement of Purchase and Sale by and Between Mrei Iii Bay Club, Llc
(June 28th, 2017)
This AGREEMENT OF PURCHASE AND SALE (this Agreement), is made and entered into this             day of June, 2017 (the Effective Date), by and between MREI III BAY CLUB, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Seller), and RESOURCE APARTMENT OP III, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (Purchaser).



Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc. –
Deed of Trust, Security Agreement, Assignment of Leases and Rents and Fixture
Filing
(January 17th, 2017)
THIS DEED OF TRUST, SECURITY AGREEMENT, ASSIGNMENT OF LEASES AND RENTS AND FIXTURE FILING (this Security Instrument), is made this 15th day of December, 2016 among



Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc. –
Promissory Note
(January 17th, 2017)
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned (individually and collectively, Borrower), jointly and severally, promise to pay to the order of JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. at P.O. Box 650528, Dallas, Texas 75265-0528, or at such other place as the holder of this Note (Lender) may from time to time designate in writing, the sum of $1,625,000.00 in lawful money of the United States, with interest thereon from the date of disbursement by Lender (whether into escrow or otherwise) until paid at the rates set forth below.



Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc. –
Management Agreement
(November 14th, 2016)
THIS MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT (this "Agreement"), is made and entered into this 28th day of April, 2016 (the "Effective Date"), by and among RESOURCE APARTMENT REIT III, INC., a Maryland corporation (the "Company"), RESOURCE APARTMENT OP III, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the "OP") and RESOURCE APARTMENT MANAGER III, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("Manager") and each entity listed on Exhibit B attached hereto as amended from time to time (each an "Owner" and collectively the "Owners").



Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc. –
Escrow Agreement
(November 14th, 2016)
THIS ESCROW AGREEMENT dated as of April 28, 2016 (this "Agreement"), is entered into among Resource Securities, Inc. (the "Dealer Manager"), Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc. (the "Company") and UMB Bank, N.A., as escrow agent (the "Escrow Agent ").



Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc. –
Resource Apartment Reit Iii, Inc. Resource Securities, Inc. Dealer Manager
Agreement
(November 14th, 2016)
The undersigned, Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc. (the "Company"), a Maryland corporation, is conducting a public offering (the "Offering") of up to $1,100,000,000 of shares in any combination of Class A shares ("Class A Shares") and Class T shares ("Class T Shares") of its common stock, $.01 par value per share (collectively, the "Shares"), of which up to $1,000,000,000 of Shares are intended to be offered in the Company's primary offering (the "Primary Offering") and up to $100,000,000 of Shares are intended to be offered pursuant to the Company's distribution reinvestment plan ("DRP").  The Company reserves the right to reallocate the Shares offered between the DRP and the Primary Offering.



Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc. –
Purchase and Sale Agreement
(November 14th, 2016)




Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc. –
ADVISORY AGREEMENT Between RESOURCE APARTMENT REIT III, INC. And RESOURCE
APARTMENT ADVISOR III, LLC April 28, 2016
(November 14th, 2016)




Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc. –
Management Agreement
(April 11th, 2016)
THIS MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement), is made and entered into this          day of                 , 2016 (the Effective Date), by and among RESOURCE APARTMENT REIT III, INC., a Maryland corporation (the Company), RESOURCE APARTMENT OP III, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the OP) and RESOURCE APARTMENT MANAGER III, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Manager) and each entity listed on Exhibit B attached hereto as amended from time to time (each an Owner and collectively the Owners).



Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc. –
FORM OF ADVISORY AGREEMENT Between RESOURCE APARTMENT REIT III, INC. And
RESOURCE APARTMENT ADVISOR III, LLC
(March 4th, 2016)
This Advisory Agreement, dated as of [            ], 2016 (the Agreement), is between Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company), and Resource Apartment Advisor III, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Advisor).



Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc. –
Form of Escrow Agreement
(March 4th, 2016)
THIS ESCROW AGREEMENT dated as of             , 2016 (this Agreement), is entered into among Resource Securities, Inc. (the Dealer Manager), Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc. (the Company) and UMB Bank, N.A., as escrow agent (the Escrow Agent ).



Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc. –
Form of Escrow Agreement
(January 14th, 2016)
THIS ESCROW AGREEMENT dated as of             , 2016 (this Agreement), is entered into among Resource Securities, Inc. (the Dealer Manager), Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc. (the Company) and UMB Bank, N.A., as escrow agent (the Escrow Agent).



Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc. –
Form of Management Agreement
(January 14th, 2016)
THIS MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement), is made and entered into this             day of             , 2016 (the Effective Date), by and among RESOURCE APARTMENT REIT III, INC., a Maryland corporation (the Company), RESOURCE APARTMENT OP III, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the OP) and RESOURCE APARTMENT MANAGER III, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Manager) and each entity listed on Exhibit B attached hereto as amended from time to time (each an Owner and collectively the Owners).



Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc. –
FORM OF ADVISORY AGREEMENT Between RESOURCE APARTMENT REIT III, INC. And
RESOURCE APARTMENT ADVISOR III, LLC
(January 14th, 2016)
This Advisory Agreement, dated as of [            ], 2016 (the Agreement), is between Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company), and Resource Apartment Advisor III, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Advisor).



Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc. –
Form of Management Agreement
(November 2nd, 2015)
THIS MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement), is made and entered into this      day of             , 2015 (the Effective Date), by and among RESOURCE APARTMENT REIT III, INC., a Maryland corporation (the Company), RESOURCE APARTMENT OP III, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the OP) and RESOURCE APARTMENT MANAGER III, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Manager).



Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc. –
FORM OF ADVISORY AGREEMENT Between RESOURCE APARTMENT REIT III, INC. And
RESOURCE APARTMENT ADVISOR III, LLC
(November 2nd, 2015)
This Advisory Agreement, dated as of [            ], 2015 (the Agreement), is between Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company), and Resource Apartment Advisor III, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Advisor).



Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc. –
STATEMENT REGARDING RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK
(To Appear on Stock Certificate or to Be Sent Upon Request and Without Charge
to Stockholders Issued Shares Without Certificates)
(November 2nd, 2015)
The shares represented by this certificate are subject to restrictions on Beneficial Ownership, Constructive Ownership and Transfer for the purpose of the Corporations maintenance of its status as a real estate investment trust (a REIT) under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code). Subject to certain further restrictions and except as expressly provided in the Corporations charter: (a) no Person may Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of the Corporations Common Stock in excess of 9.8% (in value or number of shares) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Corporation unless such Person is an Excepted Holder (in which case the Excepted Holder Limit for such Excepted Holder shall be applicable); (b) no Person may Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock of the Corporation in excess of 9.8% of the value of the total outstanding shares of Capital Stock of the Corporation, unless such Person is an Excepted Holder (in which case the E



Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc. –
Form of Escrow Agreement
(November 2nd, 2015)
THIS ESCROW AGREEMENT dated as of                     , 2015 (this Agreement), is entered into among Resource Securities, Inc. (the Dealer Manager), Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc. (the Company) and UMB Bank, N.A., as escrow agent (the Escrow Agent).



Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc. –
STATEMENT REGARDING RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK
(To Appear on Stock Certificate or to Be Sent Upon Request and Without Charge
to Stockholders Issued Shares Without Certificates)
(September 17th, 2015)
The shares represented by this certificate are subject to restrictions on Beneficial Ownership, Constructive Ownership and Transfer for the purpose of the Corporations maintenance of its status as a real estate investment trust (a REIT) under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code). Subject to certain further restrictions and except as expressly provided in the Corporations charter: (a) no Person may Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of the Corporations Common Stock in excess of 9.8% (in value or number of shares) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Corporation unless such Person is an Excepted Holder (in which case the Excepted Holder Limit for such Excepted Holder shall be applicable); (b) no Person may Beneficially Own or Constructively Own shares of Capital Stock of the Corporation in excess of 9.8% of the value of the total outstanding shares of Capital Stock of the Corporation, unless such Person is an Excepted Holder (in which case the E













×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.








      Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT, Inc.  |  Prospectus and SEC Filings               

 

Prospectus & Supplements
Updated: July 2012

» Prospectus




Adobe Acrobat Readeris required to view the file.To download a free copy ofReader, click here.         Home  |             Investment Strategy  |  Properties  |  Prospectus/SEC Filings  |  Investor Relations  |          Contact Us  |          Log In     Prospectus and SEC Filings  Prospectus     Prospectus                     Account Forms     Account                             Update Form      Change of                            Ownership Form      Redemption                            Request Form      Distribution                             Update Form     SEC Filings     Most Recent                            8-K Filing      Most Recent                            10-K Filing » XBRL Exhibits      Most Recent                            10-Q Filing » XBRL Exhibits                              SEC Filings                        (external website)     Governance     Audit Committee Charter      Code of                            Business Conduct                            and Ethics      Form 8937  Tax Year 2015 Tax Year 2014 Tax Year 2013  Cash Distributions Dated 01-13-14 Dated 10-15-13 Dated 07-15-13 Dated 04-15-13 Dated 01-15-13 Dated 10-15-12 Dated 07-16-12 Dated 05-31-12 Dated 04-13-12 Dated 01-13-12 Dated 09-15-11 Dated 06-15-11 Dated 03-15-11               OFFERING CLOSED          Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT, Inc., closed its public offering effective as of the close of business December 13, 2013.  Related Links Executive Team Resource Real Estate Website Resource Innovation Office REIT Resource Apartment REIT III      COPYRIGHT © 2016  |  RESOURCE REAL ESTATE, INC.		    1845 Walnut Street, 18th Floor • Philadelphia, PA 19103 Home  |  Investment Strategy  |  Properties  |  Prospectus/SEC Filings  |  Investor Relations  |  Contact Us  |  Log In This is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT; offering is only made by prospectus. This information must be preceded or accompanied by a prospectus in order to understand fully all of the implications and risks of the offering. Investing in Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT includes significant risks. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: lack of a public market; arbitrary offering price; limited operating history; reliance on the advisor to select and manage assets; payment of substantial fees to our advisor and its affiliates; conflicts of interest facing our officers and directors; lack of diversification; limited liquidity and transferability; and distributions may be paid from any source including offering proceeds. Shares of Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT are not suitable for all investors. Neither the attorney general of the state of New York nor any other state regulators have passed on or endorsed the merits of this offering. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. To read more about the Opportunity REIT's risk factors click here. The shares of the Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT are offered through Resource Securities, Inc., an affiliate of the advisor and member - FINRA, SIPC.    

 

Prospectus & Supplements
Updated: July 2012

» Prospectus




Adobe Acrobat Readeris required to view the file.To download a free copy ofReader, click here.           Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT, Inc.  |  Contact Us           

 

Prospectus & Supplements
Updated: July 2012

» Prospectus




Adobe Acrobat Readeris required to view the file.To download a free copy ofReader, click here.         Home  |             Investment Strategy  |  Properties  |  Prospectus/SEC Filings  |  Investor Relations  |          Contact Us  |          Log In     Contact Us Financial Advisors Financial advisors can contact us at (866) 773-4120 or go to the Log In tab to access their investment information. Prospective Investors Investors interested in the Opportunity REIT should speak with their financial advisor about suitability requirements, fees and expenses and liquidity features of the offering. This investment is only available through financial advisors of broker dealers with valid selling agreements. If you do not have a financial advisor and would like our assistance please contact us at (866) 469-0129. Investors can use the link below to contact our Investor Relations department.  » Email Investor Relations    OFFERING CLOSED          Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT, Inc., closed its public offering effective as of the close of business December 13, 2013.  Related Links Executive Team Resource Real Estate Website Resource Innovation Office REIT Resource Apartment REIT III      COPYRIGHT © 2016  |  RESOURCE REAL ESTATE, INC.		    1845 Walnut Street, 18th Floor • Philadelphia, PA 19103 Home  |  Investment Strategy  |  Properties  |  Prospectus/SEC Filings  |  Investor Relations  |  Contact Us  |  Log In This is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT; offering is only made by prospectus. This information must be preceded or accompanied by a prospectus in order to understand fully all of the implications and risks of the offering. Investing in Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT includes significant risks. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: lack of a public market; arbitrary offering price; limited operating history; reliance on the advisor to select and manage assets; payment of substantial fees to our advisor and its affiliates; conflicts of interest facing our officers and directors; lack of diversification; limited liquidity and transferability; and distributions may be paid from any source including offering proceeds. Shares of Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT are not suitable for all investors. Neither the attorney general of the state of New York nor any other state regulators have passed on or endorsed the merits of this offering. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. To read more about the Opportunity REIT's risk factors click here. The shares of the Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT are offered through Resource Securities, Inc., an affiliate of the advisor and member - FINRA, SIPC.    

 

Prospectus & Supplements
Updated: July 2012

» Prospectus




Adobe Acrobat Readeris required to view the file.To download a free copy ofReader, click here.           Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT, Inc.  |  Contact Us           

 

Prospectus & Supplements
Updated: July 2012

» Prospectus




Adobe Acrobat Readeris required to view the file.To download a free copy ofReader, click here.         Home  |             Investment Strategy  |  Properties  |  Prospectus/SEC Filings  |  Investor Relations  |          Contact Us  |          Log In     Log In    Existing Investors Existing investors may click on the link                         	  below to access their investment account.   » Investor Login      Financial Advisors Financial advisors may click on the link below                            to access their investment information.  » Financial Advisor Login          OFFERING CLOSED          Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT, Inc., closed its public offering effective as of the close of business December 13, 2013.  Related Links Executive Team Resource Real Estate Website Resource Innovation Office REIT Resource Apartment REIT III      COPYRIGHT © 2016  |  RESOURCE REAL ESTATE, INC.		    1845 Walnut Street, 18th Floor • Philadelphia, PA 19103 Home  |  Investment Strategy  |  Properties  |  Prospectus/SEC Filings  |  Investor Relations  |  Contact Us  |  Log In This is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT; offering is only made by prospectus. This information must be preceded or accompanied by a prospectus in order to understand fully all of the implications and risks of the offering. Investing in Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT includes significant risks. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: lack of a public market; arbitrary offering price; limited operating history; reliance on the advisor to select and manage assets; payment of substantial fees to our advisor and its affiliates; conflicts of interest facing our officers and directors; lack of diversification; limited liquidity and transferability; and distributions may be paid from any source including offering proceeds. Shares of Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT are not suitable for all investors. Neither the attorney general of the state of New York nor any other state regulators have passed on or endorsed the merits of this offering. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. To read more about the Opportunity REIT's risk factors click here. The shares of the Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT are offered through Resource Securities, Inc., an affiliate of the advisor and member - FINRA, SIPC.    

 

Prospectus & Supplements
Updated: July 2012

» Prospectus




Adobe Acrobat Readeris required to view the file.To download a free copy ofReader, click here.     

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Resource Apartment REIT III Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























resource apartment reit iii inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Real Estate
Sub-Industry: REIT
Resource Apartment REIT III Inc operates as a real estate investment trust. The Company owns and operates real estate properties. Resource Apartment REIT III serves customers in the State of Pennsylvania.




Corporate Information
Address:

PA
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

































    Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT II                                       Home About Us  InvestmentStrategy PropertyPortfolio  Prospectus& SEC Filings Contact Us Log In    











OFFERING CLOSED





			Investment Objectives:Income, Protection, Growth
			
> Read More










      Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT, Inc.  |  Prospectus and SEC Filings               

 

Prospectus & Supplements
Updated: July 2012

» Prospectus




Adobe Acrobat Readeris required to view the file.To download a free copy ofReader, click here.         Home  |             Investment Strategy  |  Properties  |  Prospectus/SEC Filings  |  Investor Relations  |          Contact Us  |          Log In     Prospectus and SEC Filings  Prospectus     Prospectus                     Account Forms     Account                             Update Form      Change of                            Ownership Form      Redemption                            Request Form      Distribution                             Update Form     SEC Filings     Most Recent                            8-K Filing      Most Recent                            10-K Filing » XBRL Exhibits      Most Recent                            10-Q Filing » XBRL Exhibits                              SEC Filings                        (external website)     Governance     Audit Committee Charter      Code of                            Business Conduct                            and Ethics      Form 8937  Tax Year 2015 Tax Year 2014 Tax Year 2013  Cash Distributions Dated 01-13-14 Dated 10-15-13 Dated 07-15-13 Dated 04-15-13 Dated 01-15-13 Dated 10-15-12 Dated 07-16-12 Dated 05-31-12 Dated 04-13-12 Dated 01-13-12 Dated 09-15-11 Dated 06-15-11 Dated 03-15-11               OFFERING CLOSED          Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT, Inc., closed its public offering effective as of the close of business December 13, 2013.  Related Links Executive Team Resource Real Estate Website Resource Innovation Office REIT Resource Apartment REIT III      COPYRIGHT © 2016  |  RESOURCE REAL ESTATE, INC.		    1845 Walnut Street, 18th Floor • Philadelphia, PA 19103 Home  |  Investment Strategy  |  Properties  |  Prospectus/SEC Filings  |  Investor Relations  |  Contact Us  |  Log In This is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT; offering is only made by prospectus. This information must be preceded or accompanied by a prospectus in order to understand fully all of the implications and risks of the offering. Investing in Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT includes significant risks. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: lack of a public market; arbitrary offering price; limited operating history; reliance on the advisor to select and manage assets; payment of substantial fees to our advisor and its affiliates; conflicts of interest facing our officers and directors; lack of diversification; limited liquidity and transferability; and distributions may be paid from any source including offering proceeds. Shares of Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT are not suitable for all investors. Neither the attorney general of the state of New York nor any other state regulators have passed on or endorsed the merits of this offering. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. To read more about the Opportunity REIT's risk factors click here. The shares of the Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT are offered through Resource Securities, Inc., an affiliate of the advisor and member - FINRA, SIPC.    

 

Prospectus & Supplements
Updated: July 2012

» Prospectus




Adobe Acrobat Readeris required to view the file.To download a free copy ofReader, click here.           Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT, Inc.  |  Overview                  

 

Prospectus & Supplements
Updated: July 2012

» Prospectus




Adobe Acrobat Readeris required to view the file.To download a free copy ofReader, click here.         Home  |             Investment Strategy  |  Properties  |  Prospectus/SEC Filings  |  Investor Relations  |          Contact Us  |          Log In     An Opportunity to Invest in Distressed Properties with an Experienced Sponsor,¹ Resource Real Estate, Inc., that has a 20-Year Track Record in Distressed Real Estate Investing.          Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT, a Unique Investment           Opportunity Seeking to Take Advantage of:   The distressed commercial real estate market;  Distressed sellers of commercial real estate; and  Deeply discounted multifamily properties with current operating issues that can potentially be resolved by experienced management and new capital investment.²  A 20-Year History of Distressed Real Estate Investing Our sponsor, Resource Real Estate, Inc. (”Resource Real Estate”), and its affiliates have been actively engaged in distressed real estate investing and turning around distressed properties since 1991 and have unique contacts in the financial services industry to source opportunities. Over the past 20 years, Resource Real Estate has managed distressed real estate asset resolutions representing over $1 billion in value. These included multifamily, office, retail and hospitality sectors of real estate assets. As of September 30, 2013, Resource Real Estate managed a portfolio of nearly $2.1 billion in real estate and real estate related assets, which includes a portfolio of over 29,000 apartment units across 68 multifamily complexes in 24 states. Resource Real Estate has focused on multifamily acquisitions in its last 10 investment programs.  Shares of Resource Real Estate, Inc. are not being offered. Past performance does not guarantee future results. An investment in the REIT is illiquid and distributions are not guaranteed. The properties shown throughout this website are owned by the Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT, Inc. There is no guarantee that property operating issues can be resolved or that the property value will increase as a result of steps referenced.      OFFERING CLOSED          Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT, Inc., closed its public offering effective as of the close of business December 13, 2013.  Related Links Executive Team Resource Real Estate Website Resource Innovation Office REIT Resource Apartment REIT III       COPYRIGHT © 2016  |  RESOURCE REAL ESTATE, INC.		    1845 Walnut Street, 18th Floor • Philadelphia, PA 19103 Home  |  Investment Strategy  |  Properties  |  Prospectus/SEC Filings  |  Investor Relations  |  Contact Us  |  Log In This is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT; offering is only made by prospectus. This information must be preceded or accompanied by a prospectus in order to understand fully all of the implications and risks of the offering. Investing in Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT includes significant risks. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: lack of a public market; arbitrary offering price; limited operating history; reliance on the advisor to select and manage assets; payment of substantial fees to our advisor and its affiliates; conflicts of interest facing our officers and directors; lack of diversification; limited liquidity and transferability; and distributions may be paid from any source including offering proceeds. Shares of Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT are not suitable for all investors. Neither the attorney general of the state of New York nor any other state regulators have passed on or endorsed the merits of this offering. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. To read more about the Opportunity REIT's risk factors click here. The shares of the Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT are offered through Resource Securities, Inc., an affiliate of the advisor and member - FINRA, SIPC.    

 

Prospectus & Supplements
Updated: July 2012

» Prospectus




Adobe Acrobat Readeris required to view the file.To download a free copy ofReader, click here.     





Resource Apartment Reit Iii, Inc. 8-k - Form 8 K Special Events Filing - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   >      > RESOURCE APARTMENT REIT III, INC. 8-K

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Resource Apartment Reit Iii, Inc. 8-k
Form 8 K Special Events Filing



You are currently viewing:
 This  involves RESOURCE APARTMENT REIT III, INC.. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: RESOURCE APARTMENT REIT III, INC. 8-K Date: 11/23/2016 Law Firm: DLA Piper      









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day











     

 


UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

 


 


FORM
8-K

 


 


CURRENT
REPORT

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of
Report (Date of earliest event reported): November 18,
2016

 


 


 




Resource
Apartment REIT III, Inc.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

 


 


Commission
file number 333-207740

 





 



 



 





Maryland



 



47-4608249





(State or
other jurisdiction of

incorporation
or organization)



 



(I.R.S.
Employer

Identification
No.)




1845
Walnut Street, 18th Floor, Philadelphia, PA 19103

(Address of
principal executive offices) (Zip code)

(215)
231-7050

(Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code)

(former
name or former address, if changed since last
report)

 


 


Check the
appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the following obligation of the registrant
under any of the following provisions:

 




☐



Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the securities Act (17CFR
230.425)




 




☐



Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
240.14a-12)




 




☐



Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17
CFR 240.14d-2(b))




 




☐



Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17
CFR 240.13e-4(c))




 


 

 



 


   


Item 1.01.
Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On
November 18, 2016, Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc. (the
“Company”) entered into a selected dealer agreement
(the “Ameriprise Agreement”) among Ameriprise Financial
Services, Inc. (“Ameriprise”), Resource Securities,
Inc., the dealer manager for the Company’s initial public
offering (the “Dealer Manager”), Resource REIT Advisor,
LLC, the Company’s external advisor, and Resource Real Estate
Inc., the Company’s sponsor, pursuant to which Ameriprise
will act as a participating dealer and will offer and sell, on a
best efforts basis, shares of the Company’s Class A and
Class T common stock in its ongoing initial public
offering.

Pursuant
to the terms of the Ameriprise Agreement, Ameriprise or its
affiliate generally will be (i) reallowed by the Dealer
Manager a selling commission of up to 7.0% of the price of each
Class A share and up to 2.0% of the price of each Class T
share (except shares sold pursuant to the Company’s
distribution reinvestment plan) sold by Ameriprise; provided,
however, that such selling commissions shall be reduced with
respect to sales to certain categories of purchasers, as described
in the Ameriprise Agreement and elsewhere in the prospectus for the
Company’s initial public offering, (ii) reallowed by the
Dealer Manager an annual distribution and shareholder servicing fee
of 1.0% of the purchase price per Class T share (or, once reported,
the amount of the Company’s estimated NAV), provided,
however, that the amount of the distribution and shareholder
servicing fee to be reallowed to Ameriprise will not exceed a total
of 4.0% of the purchase price per Class T share (or, once reported,
the amount of the Company’s estimated NAV),
(iii) reallowed by the Dealer Manager a marketing fee equal to
a specified percentage of the purchase price of each Class A
share and each Class T share (except shares sold pursuant to the
Company’s distribution reinvestment plan) sold by Ameriprise
subject to limitations on underwriting compensation prescribed by
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”),
(iv) reimbursed for its bona fide, separately invoiced due
diligence investigation expenses consistent with the language
contained elsewhere in the prospectus for the initial public
offering and applicable FINRA regulations and rules, and
(v) subject to applicable FINRA limitations, reimbursed for
its mutually agreed upon technology costs associated with the
offering, if any, related costs and expenses, and other costs and
expenses related to the facilitation of the marketing of the shares
and the ownership of such shares by Ameriprise’s customers,
including fees to attend conferences sponsored by the
Company.

Pursuant
to the terms of the Ameriprise Agreement, the Company is required
to adopt and disclose a valuation policy consistent with FINRA
requirements and declare an estimated net asset value per share
based upon a valuation determined by an independent valuation firm
as of the earlier of (a) the end of the calendar quarter in
which the primary portion of the Company’s initial public
offering terminates, or (b) June 30, 2018.
 

Item 9.01.
Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d)
Exhibits.

 




 



 



 





 



 





1.1



  



Selected
Dealer Agreement, dated November 18, 2016, by and among
Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc., Ameriprise Financial Services,
Inc., Resource Securities, Inc., Resource REIT Advisor, LLC, and
Resource Real Estate, Inc.




  


  


SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

 




 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



 



 



 



RESOURCE
APARTMENT REIT III, INC.





 



 



 



 





Dated:
November 23, 2016



 



 



 



By:



 




/s/ Alan
F. Feldman






 



 



 



 



 



 



Alan F.
Feldman

President
and Chief Operating Officer




    

Exhibit
1.1

RESOURCE
APARTMENT REIT III, INC.

UP TO
$1,100,000,000 OF COMMON STOCK:

CLASS A
AND CLASS T SHARES

SELECTED
DEALER AGREEMENT

November 18,
2016 

 


 


SELECTED
DEALER AGREEMENT

Ameriprise
Financial Services, Inc.

369
Ameriprise Financial Center

Minneapolis,
MN 55474

Ladies and
Gentlemen:

Each of
Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the
“ Company ”), Resource Securities, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the “ Dealer Manager
”), Resource REIT Advisor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (the “Advisor”), and Resource Real
Estate, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “
Sponsor ”), hereby confirms its agreement with
Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(“ Ameriprise ”), as follows:

1.
Introduction . This Selected Dealer Agreement (the “
Agreement ”) sets forth the understandings and
agreements whereby Ameriprise will offer and sell on a best efforts
basis for the account of the Company Class A shares (“
Class A Shares ”) and Class T Shares (“
Class T Shares ”) of common stock (the “
Common Stock ”), par value $.01 per share
(Class A Shares and Class T Shares collectively referred to herein
as the “ Shares ,” ), of the Company
registered pursuant to the Registration Statement (as defined
below) at the per share price set forth in the Registration
Statement from time to time (subject to certain volume and other
discounts described therein) (the “ Offering
”), which Offering includes Shares being offered pursuant to
the Company’s distribution reinvestment plan (the “
DRIP ”). The Shares are more fully described in the
Registration Statement defined below.

Ameriprise
is hereby invited to act as a selected dealer for the Offering,
subject to the other terms and conditions set forth
below.

2.
Representations and Warranties of the Company, the Dealer
Manager, the Advisor, and the Sponsor .

The
Company, the Dealer Manager, the Advisor, and the Sponsor (each an
“ Issuer Entity ” and, collectively, the
“ Issuer Entities ”), jointly and
severally, represent, warrant and covenant with Ameriprise for
Ameriprise’s benefit that, as of the date hereof and at all
times during the term of this Agreement:

(a)
Registration Statement and Prospectus . The
Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
“ Commission ”) an effective registration
statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-207740), for the
registration of up to $1,100,000,000 in Shares under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the “ Securities Act
”) and the regulations thereunder (the “
Regulations ”). The registration statement, as
amended, and the prospectus, as amended or supplemented, on file
with the Commission at the Effective Date (as defined below) of the
registration statement (including financial statements, exhibits
and all other documents related thereto filed as a part thereof or
incorporated therein), and any registration statement filed under
Rule 462(b) of the Securities Act, are respectively hereinafter
referred to as the “ Registration Statement
” and the “ Prospectus ,” except
that if the Registration Statement is amended by a post-effective
amendment, the term “Registration Statement” shall,
from and after the declaration of effectiveness of such
post-effective amendment, refer to the Registration Statement as so
amended and the term “Prospectus” shall refer to the
Prospectus as so amended or supplemented to date, and if any
Prospectus filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 424(b) or 424(c)
of the Regulations shall

 

2


 


 


differ
from the Prospectus on file at the time the Registration Statement
or any post-effective amendment shall become effective, the term
“Prospectus” shall refer to the Prospectus filed
pursuant to either Rule 424(b) or 424(c) from and after the date on
which it shall have been filed with the Commission. Further, if a
separate registration statement is filed and becomes effective with
respect solely to the DRIP (a “ DRIP Registration
Statement ”), the term “Registration
Statement” shall include such DRIP Registration Statement
from and after the declaration of effectiveness of such DRIP
Registration Statement, as such registration statement may be
amended or supplemented from time to time. If a separate prospectus
is filed and becomes effective with respect solely to the DRIP (a
“ DRIP Prospectus ”), the term
“Prospectus” shall include such DRIP Prospectus from
and after the declaration of effectiveness of such DRIP Prospectus,
as such prospectus may be amended or supplemented from time to
time.

(b)
Compliance with the Securities Act . The
Registration Statement has been prepared and filed by the Company
and has been declared effective by the Commission and the Shares
have been registered or qualified for sale under the respective
securities laws of such jurisdiction as indicated in the Blue Sky
Memorandum (defined in Section 4(d) herein), as updated from
time to time pursuant to the terms of Section 4(d). Neither
the Commission nor any state securities authority has issued any
order preventing or suspending the use of any Prospectus filed with
the Registration Statement or any amendments or supplements thereto
and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted, or to the
Company’s knowledge, are threatened or contemplated by the
Commission or by any of the state securities authorities. At the
time the Registration Statement first became effective (the “
Effective Date ”) and at the time that any
post-effective amendments thereto or any additional registration
statement filed under Rule 462(b) of the Securities Act becomes
effective, the Registration Statement or any amendment thereto
(1) complied, or will comply, as to form in all material
respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the
Regulations and (2) did not or will not contain an untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. When the
Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto is filed with the
Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) or 424(c) of the Regulations and
at all times subsequent thereto through the date on which the
Offering is terminated (“ Termination Date
”), the Prospectus will comply in all material respects with
the requirements of the Securities Act and the Regulations, and
will not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. Any Prospectus
delivered to Ameriprise will be identical to the electronically
transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to
EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

(c) The
Company . The
Company has been duly incorporated and validly exists as a
corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of
Maryland with full power and authority to conduct the business in
which it is engaged as described in the Prospectus, including
without limitation to acquire properties as more fully described in
the Prospectus, including land and buildings, as well as properties
upon which properties are to be constructed for the Company or to
be owned by the Company (the “ Properties
”) or make loans, or other permitted investments as referred
to in the Prospectus. The Company and each of its subsidiaries is
duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation, limited
liability company or limited partnership, as applicable, and is in
good standing in each other jurisdiction in which it owns or leases
property of a nature, or transacts business of a type that would
make such qualification necessary except where the failure to be so
qualified or in good standing could not reasonably be expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.
The term “ Material Adverse Effect ”
means a material adverse effect on, or material adverse change in,
the general affairs, business, prospects, properties, operations,
condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operations of the
Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, whether or not
arising in the ordinary course of business.

 

3


 


 


(d) The
Shares . The
Shares, when issued, will be duly and validly issued, and upon
payment therefor, will be fully paid and non-assessable and will
conform in all material respects to the description thereof
contained in the Prospectus; no holder thereof will be subject to
personal liability for the obligations of the Company solely by
reason of being such a holder; such Shares are not subject to the
preemptive rights of any stockholder of the Company; and all
corporate action required to be taken for the authorization,
issuance and sale of such Shares has been validly and sufficiently
taken. All shares of the Company’s issued and outstanding
capital stock have been duly authorized and validly issued and are
fully paid and non-assessable; none of the outstanding shares of
capital stock of the Company were issued in violation of the
preemptive or other similar rights of any stockholder of the
Company.

(e)
Capitalization . The
authorized capital stock of the Company conforms in all material
respects to the description thereof contained in the Prospectus
under the caption “Description of Shares.” Except as
disclosed in the Prospectus: no shares of Common Stock have been or
are to be reserved for any purpose; there are no outstanding
securities convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of
Common Stock; and there are no outstanding options, rights
(preemptive or otherwise) or warrants to purchase or subscribe for
shares of Common Stock or any other securities of the
Company.

(f)
Violations . No
Issuer Entity or any respective subsidiary thereof is (i) in
violation of its charter or bylaws, its partnership agreement,
declaration of trust or trust agreement, or limited liability
company agreement (or other similar agreement), as the case may be;
(ii) in default in the performance or observance of any
obligation, agreement, covenant or condition contained in any
contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan or credit
agreement, note, lease or other agreement or instrument to which
such Issuer Entity is a party or by which any of them may be bound
or to which any of the respective properties or assets of such
Issuer Entity is subject (collectively, “ Agreements
and Instruments ”); or (iii) in violation of any
law, order, rule or regulation, writ, injunction or decree of any
government, governmental instrumentality or court, domestic or
foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its
property, except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), where
such conflict, breach, violation or default would not reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect. The execution, delivery and performance by each
Issuer Entity, as applicable, of this Agreement, that certain
Dealer Manager Agreement between the Dealer Manager and the Company
(the “ Dealer Manager Agreement ”), the
Selected Dealer Agreements between the Dealer Manager and, with the
exception of Ameriprise, each of the selected dealers soliciting
subscriptions for shares of the Company’s common stock
pursuant to the Offering (collectively, the “ Selected
Dealer Agreements ”) and the Advisory Agreement
between the Company and the Advisor (as amended, the “
Advisory Agreement ”) and the consummation of
the transactions contemplated herein and therein (including the
issuance and sale of the Shares and the use of the proceeds from
the sale of the Shares as described in the Prospectus under the
caption “ Estimated Use of Proceeds ”)
and compliance by the Issuer Entities with their obligations
hereunder and thereunder do not and will not, whether with or
without the giving of notice or passage of time or both, conflict
with or constitute a breach of, default or Repayment Event (as
defined below) under any of the Agreements and Instruments, or
result in the creation or imposition of any Lien (as defined below)
upon any property or assets of any Issuer Entity or any respective
subsidiary thereof (except for such conflicts, breaches, defaults
or Repayment Events or Liens that, individually or in the
aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect) nor will such action result in any violation of the
provisions of the charter or bylaws (or similar document) of any
Issuer Entity or any respective subsidiary thereof; or any
applicable law, rule, regulation, or governmental or court
judgment, order, writ or decree of any government, governmental
instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction
over the Issuer Entities or any of their properties, except for
such violations that would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect . As used herein, a “
Repayment Event ” means any event or condition
which gives the holder of any note, debenture or other evidence of
indebtedness (or any person acting on such holder’s behalf)
the right to require the repurchase,

 

4


 


 


redemption
or repayment of all or a portion of such indebtedness by an Issuer
Entity or any respective subsidiary thereof. “
Lien ” means any mortgage, deed of trust, lien,
pledge, encumbrance, charge or security interest in or on any
asset.

(g)
Financial Statements . The
consolidated financial statements of the Company and the financial
statements of each entity acquired by the Company (each, an “
Acquired Entity ”), including the schedules and
notes thereto, which have been filed as part of the Registration
Statement and those included or incorporated by reference in the
Prospectus present fairly in all material respects the financial
position of the Company, its consolidated subsidiaries and each
Acquired Entity, as applicable, as of the date indicated and the
results of its operations, stockholders’ equity and cash
flows of the Company, and its consolidated subsidiaries and each
such Acquired Entity, as applicable, for the periods specified;
said financial statements have been prepared in conformity with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles applied on a
consistent basis or, if such entity is a foreign entity, such other
accounting principles applicable to such foreign entity, (except as
may be expressly stated in the related notes thereto) and comply
with the requirements of Regulation S-X promulgated by the
Commission. Grant Thornton LLP, or such other independent
accounting firm that the Company may engage from time to time,
whose report is filed with the Commission as a part of the
Registration Statement, is, with respect to the Company and its
subsidiaries, an independent accounting firm as required by the
Securities Act and the Regulations and have been registered with
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. The selected
financial data and the summary financial information included in
the Prospectus present fairly in all material respects the
information shown therein and have been compiled on a basis
consistent with that of the audited and unaudited financial
statements included in the Registration Statement. The pro forma
financial statements and the related notes thereto included in the
Registration Statement and the Prospectus present fairly in all
material respects the information shown therein, have been prepared
in accordance with the Commission’s rules and guidelines with
respect to pro forma financial statements and have been properly
compiled on the bases described therein, and the assumptions used
in the preparation thereof are reasonable and the adjustments used
therein are appropriate to give effect to the transactions and
circumstances referred to therein. All disclosures contained in the
Registration Statement or the Prospectus, or incorporated by
reference therein, regarding “non-GAAP financial
measures” (as such term is defined by the rules and
regulations of the Commission) comply in all material respects with
Regulation G of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “
Exchange Act ”) and Item 10 of Regulation
S-K of the Securities Act, to the extent applicable.

(h) Prior
Performance Tables . The
prior performance tables of the Company’s affiliates and
other entities, including the schedules and notes thereto, filed as
part of the Registration Statement and those included in the
Prospectus under the heading(s) “Prior Performance
Tables” (the “ Prior Performance Tables
”) present fairly in all material respects the financial
information required by the Commission’s Industry Guide 5.
Except as disclosed in the Prospectus, the Prior Performance Tables
have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles applied on a consistent basis to the extent
required by the Commission’s Industry Guide 5 and comply with
the requirements of Regulation S-X promulgated by the Commission,
to the extent applicable. All disclosures in the Prior Performance
Tables regarding “non-GAAP financial measures” (as such
term is defined by the rules and regulations of the Commission)
comply in all material respects with Regulation G of the Exchange
Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act, to
the extent applicable.

(i) No
Subsequent Material Events . Since
the respective dates as of which information is given in the
Registration Statement and the Prospectus, except as may otherwise
be stated in or contemplated by the Registration Statement and the
Prospectus, (a) there has not been any Material Adverse
Effect, (b) there have not been any material transactions
entered into by the Company except in the ordinary course of
business, (c) there has not been any material increase in the
long-term indebtedness of the Company

 

5


 


 


and
(d) except for regular distributions on the Common Stock paid
in cash or reinvested in DRIP Shares, there has been no
distribution of any kind declared, paid or made by the Company on
any class of its capital stock.

(j)
Investment Company Act . The
Company is not, will not become by virtue of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and the application of the net
proceeds therefrom as contemplated in the Prospectus, and does not
intend to conduct its business so as to be, an “investment
company” as that term is defined in the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended and the rules and regulations thereunder,
and it will exercise reasonable diligence to ensure that it does
not become an “investment company” within the meaning
of the Investment Company Act of 1940.

(k)
Authorization of Agreements . This
Agreement, the Dealer Manager Agreement, the Selected Dealer
Agreements and the Advisory Agreement between the Company, the
Dealer Manager, and the Advisor, as applicable, have been duly and
validly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company, the
Dealer Manager, and the Advisor, as applicable, and constitute
valid, binding and enforceable agreements of the Company, the
Dealer Manager, and the Advisor, as applicable, except to the
extent that (i) enforceability may be limited by (x) the
effect of bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar laws now or
hereafter in effect relating to or affecting creditors’
rights generally; or (y) the effect of general principles or
equity; or (ii) the enforceability of the indemnity and/or
contribution provisions contained in the Dealer Manager Agreement,
the Selected Dealer Agreements, the Advisory Agreement, and
Section 8 of this Agreement, as applicable, may be limited
under applicable securities laws and/or the Statement of Policy
Regarding Real Estate Investment Trusts, as reviewed and adopted by
membership of the North American Securities Administrators
Association (the “ NASAA Guidelines ”)
.

(l) The
Advisor . The
Advisor has been duly organized and validly exists as a limited
liability company in good standing under the laws of the State of
Delaware with full power and authority to conduct the business in
which it is engaged as described in the Prospectus. The Advisor is
duly qualified to do business as a foreign limited liability
company and is in good standing in each other jurisdiction in which
it owns or leases property of a nature, or transacts business of a
type, that would make such qualification necessary, except where
the failure to be so qualified or in good standing could not
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect.

(m) The
Dealer Manager . The
Dealer Manager has been duly incorporated and validly exists as a
corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of
Delaware with full power and authority to conduct the business in
which it is engaged as described in the Prospectus. The Dealer
Manager is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation
and is in good standing in each other jurisdiction in which it owns
or leases property of a nature, or transacts business of a type,
that would make such qualification necessary except where the
failure to be so qualified or in good standing could not reasonably
be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect.

(n) The
Sponsor . The
Sponsor has been duly incorporated and validly exists as
corporation in good standing under the laws of the State of
Delaware with full power and authority to conduct the business in
which it is engaged as described in the Prospectus. The Sponsor is
duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation and is in
good standing in each other jurisdiction in which it owns or leases
property of a nature, or transacts business of a type, that would
make such qualification necessary except where the failure to be so
qualified or in good standing could not reasonably be expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect.

 

6


 


 


(o)
Description of Agreements . The
Company is not a party to or bound by any contract or other
instrument of a character required to be described in the
Registration Statement or the Prospectus or to be filed as an
exhibit to the Registration Statement that is not described and
filed as required.

(p)
Qualification as a Real Estate Investment Trust
. The
Company intends to satisfy the requirements of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986 as amended (the “ Code ”)
for qualification and taxation of the Company as a real estate
investment trust. Commencing with its taxable year ending
December 31, 2016 or the first year that it has material
operations, the Company has been organized in conformity with the
requirements for qualification as a real estate investment trust
under the Code and its actual and proposed method of operation as
described in the Prospectus will enable it to meet the requirements
for qualification and taxation as a real estate investment trust
under the Code commencing with its taxable year ending
December 31, 2016 or the first year that it has material
operations.

(q)
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and USA Patriot Act . The
Company complies in all material respects with applicable privacy
provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and applicable provisions
of the USA Patriot Act.

(r) Sales
Material . All
advertising and supplemental sales literature prepared or approved
by the Company or any of its affiliates (whether designated solely
for broker-dealer use or otherwise) to be used or delivered by the
Company or any of its affiliates or Ameriprise in connection with
the Offering of the Shares will not contain an untrue statement of
material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be
stated therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made and when read in conjunction with the Prospectus, not
misleading. Furthermore, all such advertising and supplemental
sales literature has, or will have, received all required
regulatory approval, which may include but is not limited to, the
approval of the Commission, the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority, Inc. (“ FINRA ”) and state securities
agencies, as applicable. Any required consent and authorization has
been obtained for the use of any trademark or service mark in any
sales literature or advertising delivered by the Company to
Ameriprise or approved by the Company for use by Ameriprise and, to
the Company’s knowledge, its use does not constitute the
unlicensed use of intellectual property.

(s) Good
Standing of Subsidiaries . Each
“significant subsidiary” of the Company (as such term
is defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X) and each other entity in
which the Company holds a direct or indirect ownership interest
that is material to the Company (each a “
Subsidiary ” and, collectively, the “
Subsidiaries ”) has been duly organized or
formed and is validly existing as a corporation, partnership,
limited liability company or similar entity in good standing under
the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, has power and
authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct
its business as described in the Prospectus and is duly qualified
to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction
in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the
ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except
where the failure to be so qualified would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as otherwise
disclosed in the Registration Statement, all of the issued and
outstanding equity securities of each such Subsidiary has been duly
authorized and validly issued, is fully paid and non-assessable and
is owned by the Company, directly or through subsidiaries, free and
clear of any Lien, claim or equity other than such Liens, claims or
equities that, individually or in the aggregate, would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect .
None of the outstanding shares of capital stock of any Subsidiary
was issued in violation of the preemptive or similar rights of any
stockholder of such Subsidiary. The only direct subsidiaries of the
Company as of the date of the Registration Statement or the most
recent post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement, as
applicable, are the subsidiaries listed on Exhibit 21 to the
Registration Statement or such post-effective amendment to the
Registration Statement.

 

7


 


 


(t) No
Pending Action . Except
as disclosed in the Registration Statement, there is no action,
suit or proceeding pending, or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened or contemplated before or by any arbitrator, court or
other government body, domestic or foreign, against or affecting
any Issuer Entity or any respective subsidiary thereof which is
required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement (other than
as disclosed therein), or which would reasonably be expected to
result in a Material Adverse Effect, or which would reasonably be
expected to materially and adversely affect the properties or
assets thereof or the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement. The aggregate of all pending legal or
governmental proceedings to which any Issuer Entity or any
respective subsidiary thereof is a party or of which any of their
respective properties or assets is the subject which are not
described in the Registration Statement, including ordinary routine
litigation incidental to the business, would not reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or materially
adversely affect other properties or assets of any Issuer Entity or
any respective subsidiary thereof.

(u)
Possession of Intellectual Property . The
Company and its subsidiaries own or possess, or can acquire on
reasonable terms, adequate patents, patent rights, licenses,
inventions, copyrights, know-how (including trade secrets and other
unpatented and/or unpatentable proprietary or confidential
information, systems or procedures), trademarks, service marks,
trade names or other intellectual property (collectively, “
Intellectual Property ”) necessary to carry on
the business now operated by them, and neither the Company nor any
of its subsidiaries has received any notice or is otherwise aware
of any infringement of or conflict with asserted rights of others
with respect to any Intellectual Property or of any facts or
circumstances which would render any Intellectual Property invalid
or inadequate to protect the interest of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries therein, and which infringement or conflict (if the
subject of any unfavorable decision, ruling or finding) or
invalidity or inadequacy, individually or in the aggregate, could
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect.

(v)
Absence of Further Requirements . No
filing with, or authorization, approval, consent, license, order,
registration, qualification or decree of, any court or governmental
authority or agency is necessary or required for the performance by
the Company of its obligations under this Agreement, the Dealer
Manager Agreement, the Selected Dealer Agreements, and the Advisory
Agreement in connection with the offering, issuance or sale of the
Shares or the consummation of the other transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, the Dealer Manager Agreement, the Selected
Dealer Agreements and the Advisory Agreement, except for such as
are specifically set forth in this Agreement and for such as have
been already made or obtained under the Securities Act, the
Exchange Act, the rules of FINRA, including NASD rules, or as may
be required under the securities laws of the states and
jurisdictions indicated in the Blue Sky Memorandum (defined in
Section 4(d) of this Agreement), as updated from time to
time.

(w)
Possession of Licenses and Permits . The
Company and its subsidiaries possess such permits, licenses,
approvals, consents and other authorizations issued by the
appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory agencies or
bodies necessary to conduct the business now operated by them,
other than filings as are required by the securities laws of
certain jurisdictions in which the Company intends to qualify the
Shares for sale and such permits, licenses, approvals, consents and
other authorizations, the failure of which to possess, would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
(collectively, “ Governmental Licenses
”), and the Company and its subsidiaries are in compliance in
all material respects with the terms and conditions of all such
Governmental Licenses. All of the Governmental Licenses are valid
and in full force and effect and neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries has received any notice of proceedings relating to the
revocation or modification of any such Governmental
Licenses.

 

8


 


 


(x)
Partnership Agreements . Each of
the partnership agreements, declarations of trust or trust
agreements, limited liability company agreements (or other similar
agreements) and, if applicable, joint venture agreements to which
the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party has been duly
authorized, executed and delivered by the Company or the relevant
subsidiary, as the case may be, and constitutes the valid and
binding agreement of the Company or such subsidiary, as the case
may be, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as
(i) the enforcement thereof may be limited by (A) the
effect of bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar laws now or
hereafter in effect relating to or affecting creditors’
rights generally or (B) the effect of general principles of
equity, or (ii) the enforcement of the indemnity and/or
contribution provisions contained in such agreements may be limited
under applicable securities laws and/or the NASAA Guidelines, and
the execution, delivery and performance of such agreements did not,
at the time of execution and delivery, and does not constitute a
breach of or default under the charter or bylaws, partnership
agreement, declaration of trust or trust agreement, or limited
liability company agreement (or other similar agreement), as the
case may be, of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of
the Agreements and Instruments or any law, administrative
regulation or administrative or court order or decree.

(y)
Properties . Except
as otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus: (i) the Company and
its subsidiaries have good and insurable or good, valid and, with
respect to U.S. properties, insurable title (either in fee simple
or pursuant to a valid leasehold interest) to all properties and
assets described in the Prospectus as being owned or leased, as the
case may be, by them and to all properties reflected in the
Company’s most recent consolidated financial statements
included or incorporated by reference in the Prospectus, and
neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received notice
of any claim that has been or may be asserted by anyone adverse to
the rights of the Company or any subsidiary with respect to any
such properties or assets (or any such lease) or affecting or
questioning the rights of the Company or any such subsidiary to the
continued ownership, lease, possession or occupancy of such
property or assets, except for such claims that could not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect; (ii) there are no Liens, claims or
restrictions on or affecting the properties and assets of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries which would reasonably be
expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material
Adverse Effect; (iii) no person or entity, including, without
limitation, any tenant under any of the leases pursuant to which
the Company or any of its subsidiaries leases (as lessor) any of
its properties (whether directly or indirectly through other
partnerships, limited liability companies, business trusts, joint
ventures or otherwise) has an option or right of first refusal or
any other right to purchase any of such properties, except for such
options, rights of first refusal or other rights to purchase which,
individually or in the aggregate, are not expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect; (iv) to the Company’s
knowledge, each of the properties of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries has access to public rights of way, either directly or
through easements (insured easements with respect to U.S.
properties), except where the failure to have such access would
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect; (v) to the Company’s
knowledge, each of the properties of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries is served by all public utilities necessary for the
current operations on such property in sufficient quantities for
such operations, except where the failure to have such public
utilities could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (vi) to the
knowledge of the Company, each of the properties of the Company or
any of its subsidiaries complies with all applicable codes and
zoning and subdivision laws and regulations, except for such
failures to comply which could not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect; (vii) all of the leases under which the Company or any
of its subsidiaries holds or uses any real property or improvements
or any equipment relating to such real property or improvements are
in full force and effect, except where the failure to be in full
force and effect could not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and
neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in default in
the payment of any amounts due under any such leases or in any
other default thereunder and the Company knows of

 

9


 


 


no event
which, with the passage of time or the giving of notice or both,
could constitute a default under any such lease, except such
defaults that could not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;
(viii) to the knowledge of the Company, there is no pending or
threatened condemnation, zoning change, or other proceeding or
action that could in any manner affect the size of, use of,
improvements on, construction on or access to the properties of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries, except such proceedings or
actions that, individually or in the aggregate, could not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and
(ix) neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor, to
the knowledge of the Company, any lessee of any of the real
property or improvements of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
is in default in the payment of any amounts due or in any other
default under any of the leases pursuant to which the Company or
any of its subsidiaries leases (as lessor) any of its real property
or improvements (whether directly or indirectly through
partnerships, limited liability companies, joint ventures or
otherwise), and the Company knows of no event which, with the
passage of time or the giving of notice or both, would constitute
such a default under any of such leases, except in each case such
defaults as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(z)
Insurance . The
Company and/or its subsidiaries have title insurance on all U.S.
real property and improvements described in the Prospectus as being
owned or leased under a ground lease, as the case may be, by them
and to all U.S. real property and improvements reflected in the
Company’s most recent consolidated financial statements
included in the Prospectus in an amount at least equal to the
original purchase price paid to the sellers of such property,
except as otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus, and the Company or
one of its subsidiaries is entitled to all benefits of the insured
thereunder. With respect to all non-U.S. real property described in
the Prospectus as being owned or leased by the Company’s
subsidiaries, each such subsidiary has received a title opinion or
title certificate or other customary evidence of title assurance,
as appropriate for the respective jurisdiction, showing good and
indefeasible title to such properties in fee simple or valid
leasehold estate or its respective equivalent, as the case may be,
vested in the applicable subsidiary. Each property described in the
Prospectus is insured by special form coverage hazard and casualty
insurance carried by either the tenant or the Company and its
subsidiaries in amounts and on such terms as are customarily
carried by owners or lessors of properties similar to those owned
by the Company and its subsidiaries (in the markets in which the
Company’s and subsidiaries’ respective properties are
located), and the Company and its subsidiaries carry comprehensive
general liability insurance and such other insurance as is
customarily carried by owners of properties similar to those owned
by the Company and its subsidiaries in amounts and on such terms as
are customarily carried by owners of properties similar to those
owned by the Company and its subsidiaries (in the markets in which
the Company’s and its subsidiaries’ respective
properties are located) and the Company or one of its subsidiaries
is named as an additional insured and/or loss payee, as applicable,
on all policies (except workers’ compensation) required under
the leases for such properties.

(aa)
Environmental Matters . Except
as otherwise disclosed in the Prospectus: (i) all real
property and improvements owned or leased by the Company or any of
its subsidiaries, including, without limitation, the Environment
(as defined below) associated with such real property and
improvements, is free of any Contaminant (as defined below) in
violation of applicable Environmental Laws (as defined below)except
for such violations that would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect; (ii) neither the Company, nor any of its subsidiaries
has caused or suffered to exist or occur any Release (as defined
below) of any Contaminant into the Environment in violation of any
applicable Environmental Law, except for such violations that would
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) neither the Company nor
any of its subsidiaries is aware of any notice from any
governmental body claiming any violation of any Environmental Laws
or requiring or calling for any work, repairs, construction,
alterations, removal or

 

10


 


 


remedial
action or installation by the Company or any of its subsidiaries on
or in connection with such real property or improvements, whether
in connection with the presence of asbestos-containing materials or
mold in such properties or otherwise, except for any violations
that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or any such work,
repairs, construction, alterations, removal or remedial action or
installation, if required or called for, which would not result in
the incurrence of liabilities by the Company, which, individually
or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect, nor is the Company aware of any
information which may serve as the basis for any such notice that
would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect; (iv) neither the Company nor
any of its subsidiaries has caused or suffered to exist or occur
any environmental condition on any of the properties or
improvements of the Company or any of its subsidiaries that could
reasonably be expected to give rise to the imposition of any Lien
under any Environmental Laws except such Liens which, individually
or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect; and (v) to the Company’s
knowledge, no real property or improvements owned or leased by the
Company or any of its subsidiaries is being used or has been used
for manufacturing or for any other operations that involve or
involved the use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or
disposal of any Contaminant, where such operations require or
required permits or are or were otherwise regulated pursuant to the
Environmental Laws and where such permits have not been or were not
obtained or such regulations are not being or were not complied
with, except in all instances where any failure to obtain a permit
or comply with any regulation would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. “ Contaminant ” means any
pollutant, hazardous substance, toxic substance, hazardous waste,
special waste, petroleum or petroleum-derived substance or waste,
asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, PCBs, lead, pesticides
or regulated radioactive materials or any constituent of any such
substance or waste, as identified or regulated under any
Environmental Law. “ Environmental Laws ”
means the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and
Liability Act, 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq. , the Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. 6901, et seq. , the
Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C. 7401, et seq. , the Clean Water
Act, 33 U.S.C. 1251, et seq. , the Toxic Substances Control
Act, 15 U.S.C. 2601, et seq. , the Occupational Safety and
Health Act, 29 U.S.C. 651, et seq. , and all other federal,
state and local laws, ordinances, regulations, rules, orders,
decisions and permits, which are directed at the protection of
human health or the Environment. “ Environment
” means any surface water, drinking water, ground water, land
surface, subsurface strata, river sediment, buildings, structures,
and ambient air. “ Release ” means any
spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying,
discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping, or disposing
of any Contaminant into the Environment, including, without
limitation, the abandonment or discard of barrels, containers,
tanks or other receptacles containing or previously containing any
Contaminant or any release, emission or discharge as those terms
are defined or used in any applicable Environmental Law.

(bb)
Registration Rights . There
are no persons, other than the Company, with registration or other
similar rights to have any securities registered pursuant to the
Registration Statement or otherwise registered by the Company under
the Securities Act, or included in the Offering contemplated
hereby.

(cc)
Finders’ Fees . Neither
the Company nor any affiliate thereof has received or is entitled
to receive, directly or indirectly, a finder’s fee or similar
fee from any person other than that as described in the Prospectus
in connection with the acquisition, or the commitment for the
acquisition, of the Properties by the Company.

(dd)
Taxes . The
Company and each of its subsidiaries has filed all material
federal, state and foreign income tax returns and all other
material tax returns which have been required to be filed on or
before the due date thereof (taking into account all extensions of
time to file) and all such tax returns are correct and complete in
all material respects. The Company has paid or provided for the
payment of all

 

11


 


 


taxes
reflected on its tax returns and all assessments received by the
Company and each of its subsidiaries to the extent that such taxes
or assessments have become due, except where the Company is
contesting such assessments in good faith and except for such taxes
and assessments of immaterial amounts, the failure of which to pay
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect. There are no audits,
deficiencies or assessments pending against the Company or its
subsidiaries relating to income taxes, except for such audits,
deficiencies or assessments of immaterial amounts, which would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect, or where the Company is contesting
such audit, deficiency or assessments in good faith.

(ee)
Internal Controls . The
Company maintains a system of internal control over financial
reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the
Exchange Act ) that complies with the requirements of the Exchange
Act and that has been designed by the Company’s principal
executive officer and principal financial officer, or under their
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. Further, the Company will complete
an evaluation of its internal control over financial reporting
during 2016 and will include a report on this evaluation in the
Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2016. The Company
is not aware of any material weaknesses in its internal control
over financial reporting. Since the date of the latest audited
financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the
Registration Statement, there has been no change in the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the Company’s internal control over financial
reporting.

(ff)
Disclosure Controls and Procedures . The
Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as such term
is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that comply
with the requirements of the Exchange Act; such disclosure controls
and procedures have been designed to ensure that material
information relating to the Company and its subsidiaries is made
known to the Company’s principal executive officer and
principal financial officer by others within those entities; and
such disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of
June 30, 2016.

(gg)
Compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act . There
is and has been no failure on the part of the Company or any of the
Company’s directors or officers, in their capacities as such,
to comply in all material respects with any applicable provision of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations
promulgated in connection therewith, including Section 402
related to loans and Sections 302 and 906 related to
certifications.

(hh) No
Fiduciary Duty . Each
Issuer Entity acknowledges and agrees that Ameriprise is acting
solely in the capacity of an arm’s length contractual
counterparty to it with respect to the Offering of the Shares
(including in connection with determining the terms of the
Offering) and not as a financial advisor or a fiduciary to, or an
agent of, such Issuer Entity or any other person. Additionally,
Ameriprise is not advising the Issuer Entities or any other person
as to any legal, tax, investment, accounting or regulatory matters
in any jurisdiction. Each of the Issuer Entities shall consult with
its own advisors concerning such matters and shall be responsible
for making its own independent investigation and appraisal of the
transactions contemplated hereby, and Ameriprise shall have no
responsibility or liability to the Issuer Entities with respect
thereto. Any review by Ameriprise of the Issuer Entities, the
transactions contemplated hereby or other matters relating to such
transactions will be performed solely for the benefit of Ameriprise
and shall not be on behalf of the Issuer Entities.

 

12


 


 


(ii)
Dealer Manager and Advisor Insurance. Each of
the Dealer Manager and the Advisor are insured by insurers of
recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks
and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses
in which they are engaged and which each of them deems adequate.
All policies of insurance insuring the Dealer Manager and the
Advisor or each of their respective businesses, assets, employees,
officers and trustees, including their respective errors and
omissions insurance policies, are in full force and effect and the
Dealer Manager and the Advisor are in compliance with the terms of
their respective policies in all material respects. There are no
claims by the Dealer Manager or the Advisor under any such policy
as to which any insurance company is denying liability or defending
under a reservation of rights clause. Neither the Dealer Manager
nor the Advisor has been refused any insurance coverage sought or
applied for. Neither the Dealer Manager nor the Advisor has reason
to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance
coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain new
insurance coverage to replace the existing insurance coverage in
amounts and on such terms as it deems necessary to continue its
business at a cost that would not have a material adverse effect
on, or material adverse change in, the general affairs, business,
operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or results of
operations of the Dealer Manager and the Advisor, taken as a whole,
whether or not arising in the ordinary course of business, except
as set forth in or contemplated in the Registration Statement and
the Prospectus and provided , that , such insurance
coverage is available to the Dealer Manager and the Advisor on
commercially reasonable terms.

(jj)
Financial Resources. Each of
the Dealer Manager and the Advisor have the financial resources
available to it that it deems necessary for the performance of its
respective services and obligations as contemplated in the
Registration Statement, the Prospectus and under this Agreement,
the Dealer Manager Agreement, and the Advisory
Agreement.

(kk)
Transactions
effectuated by the Advisor are executed in accordance with its
management’s general or specific authorization under the
Advisory Agreement, and access by the Advisor to the
Company’s assets is permitted only in accordance with its
management’s general or specific authorization under the
Advisory Agreement.

(ll)
Valuation: General. The
Company’s Board of Directors shall value its shares
consistent with FINRA requirements and this Section 2(ll), and
shall disclose such value in the Registration Statement, Form 10-K,
Form 10-Q and/or in a Form 8-K (collectively referred to as
“SEC Disclosure Documents”) filed with the Commission
and in the Annual Report sent to investors in accordance with
regulatory requirements.

Net
Investment Methodology . From
the date of the initial offering through the earlier of
(a) the end of the calendar quarter in which the
Company’s initial offering closes, or (b) the end of the
calendar quarter that is two years after the effective date of the
Company’s initial public offering ( provided ,
that , in all instances, such valuation shall be provided in
accordance with such other more restrictive timing as the SEC may
require or which may be necessary for Ameriprise to comply with
FINRA requirements), the Company may report a per share estimated
value reflecting the “net investment amount” disclosed
in the Company’s most recent SEC Disclosure Document.
“Net investment” shall be based on the “amount
available for investment” percentage in the “Estimated
Use of Proceeds” section of the offering prospectus or, where
“amount available for investment” is not provided,
another equivalent disclosure that reflects the estimated
percentage deduction from the aggregate dollar amount of securities
registered for sale to the public of upfront sales commissions,
dealer manager fees, and estimated issuer offering and organization
expenses (which if based on a range of amounts, may assume issuer
offering and organization expenses based on raising the maximum
offering).

 

13


 


 


Appraised
Value Methodology .
Following the permitted period for utilizing “Net Investment
Methodology,” as set forth above, at a minimum, the Company
shall provide a per share value based on the fair value of the
Company’s assets less liabilities under market conditions
existing as of the date of valuation, referred to as Net Asset
Value (“NAV”), and assuming the allocation of the
resulting NAV among the Company’s common shareholders, to
arrive at a Net Asset Value Per Share (“Per Share
NAV”). Notwithstanding that generally accepted accounting
principles of the Financial Accounting Standards Board
(“GAAP”) generally require the fair value of real
estate to reflect the price received to sell an asset in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date and
not on an ongoing basis, the NAV shall be determined in a manner
consistent with the methods and principles used to determine fair
value under GAAP, primarily as set forth in ASC 820, and the
international financial reporting standards of the International
Accounting Standards Board (as applicable), and consistent with the
methodology set forth in Exhibit B to this Agreement. The
Board of Directors of the Company will appoint the Conflicts
Committee or another committee comprised of a majority of
independent directors of the REIT that will be responsible for
oversight of the valuation process (“Valuation
Committee”), subject to the final approval of the
Company’s Board of Directors.

Independent
Valuation Firm . The
Company, with the approval of the Valuation Committee and the
Board, shall engage one or more independent third-party firms (each
an “Independent Valuation Firm” and collectively, the
“Independent Valuation Firms”) for valuation purposes,
provided , however , the Company will discuss in
advance with and thereafter notify Ameriprise in writing prior to
the engagement of an Independent Valuation Firm. However, for the
avoidance of doubt, the engagement of the Independent Valuation
Firm shall be the sole responsibility of the Company and the
Company shall have the sole discretion to select the Independent
Valuation Firms to perform the valuation.

Independent
Valuations . The
independent valuation by the Independent Valuation Firm shall be
determined at the earlier of (i) the commencement by the
Company of a follow-on public offering, if any, or (ii) the
earlier of (a) the end of the calendar quarter in which the
Company’s initial offering closes, or (b) the end of the
calendar quarter that is two years after the effective date of the
Company’s initial public offering; provided ,
that , the initial valuation by the Independent Valuation
Firm shall be provided in accordance with such other timing as the
SEC may require or which may be necessary for Ameriprise to comply
with FINRA requirements. The disclosure date of the valuation shall
be no more than forty-five (45) days after the valuation is
determined. Thereafter, the Company shall have an Independent
Valuation Firm perform a valuation no less frequently than every
other year (i.e. the Independent Valuation Firm shall conduct an
independent valuation at least every two
(2) years).

As part of
each valuation performed, the Independent Valuation Firm shall
obtain a new appraisal, utilizing recognized industry standards
prescribed by the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal
Practice (“USPAP”) or the similar industry standard for
the country where the property appraisal is conducted, of each of
the real estate properties and assign a discrete value for each
such property pursuant to the methodology set forth in Exhibit
B . All appraisals shall be conducted by appraisers possessing
a Member Appraisal Institute (“MAI”) or similar
designation or, for international appraisals, a public certified
expert for real estate valuations, qualified to perform and oversee
the appraisal work of the scope and nature described on Exhibit
B . All appraisals shall be conducted on the basis of one or
more of the discounted cash flow approach, the income
capitalization approach, the sales comparison approach, or the cost
approach, using whichever approaches and timing assumptions as are
deemed the most appropriate by the Independent Valuation Firm based
on the highest and best use of the properties being appraised,
which method(s) shall be disclosed in the Company’s SEC
Disclosure Documents.

Interim
Valuations . In each
year between required independent valuations, the Board of
Directors

 

14


 


 


shall, at
its option, either (i) engage an Independent Valuation Firm to
conduct an independent valuation in accordance with the procedures
set forth under “Independent Valuations” above; or
(ii) provide a valuation, which is reviewed and confirmed by
the Independent Valuation Firm (“Interim Valuation”).
With respect to an Interim Valuation, the role of the Independent
Valuation Firm shall include a review and confirmation of each of
the following items relating to the Interim Valuation:

 




 



•



 



the
reasonableness of the valuation process and methodology and
conformity with real estate industry standards and practices
relating to valuations;




 




 



•



 



the
reasonableness of the assumptions and data used in connection with
the valuation of each real estate investment, including but not
limited to rental rates, tenant improvements and concessions, lease
renewal and option exercise probabilities, revenue and expense
growth rates, going-in and residual capitalization rates, discount
rates, and other assumptions and data deemed material to the
valuation; and




 




 



•



 



the
reasonableness of the final real estate investment valuation
assigned by the Company’s Board of Directors.




Reports.
For all
determinations of NAV and/or Per Share NAV, the Company will obtain
from the Independent Valuation Firm a written report, which shall
set forth a summary analysis of the Independent Valuation
Firm’s process and methodology undertaken in the
determination of NAV and/or Per Share NAV, a description of the
scope of the reviews performed and any limitations thereto, the
data and assumptions used for the review, the applicable industry
standards used for the valuation, any other matters related to the
valuation analysis and a conclusion as to a reasonable range of NAV
and/or Per Share NAV.

Upon the
issuance of the Independent Valuation Firm’s report to the
Company, as part of Ameriprise’s on-going due diligence
review of the Company, the Company will immediately notify
Ameriprise and thereafter, subject to Ameriprise’s execution
and delivery to the Company and the Independent Valuation Firm of
an access and confidentiality agreement, substantially consistent
with the form attached hereto as Exhibit C, provide Ameriprise with
access to and reasonable time to review supporting materials
related to the Independent Valuation report, which includes, but
may not be limited to, the data and assumptions used for the review
and the appraisals of each of the real estate
properties.

For the
avoidance of doubt, the final determination of NAV and Per Share
NAV shall be the sole responsibility of the Company and the Board
of Directors. To the extent the valuation provided by the
Independent Valuation Firm does not fall within the range of NAV or
Per Share NAV, as applicable, assigned by the Board of Directors
and disclosed by the Company, the Company will provide an
explanation in its SEC Disclosure Documents.

In
addition, immediately following the final determination and
disclosure of the NAV and Per Share NAV by the Company, the Company
will send a copy of the Independent Valuation Firm’s report
to Ameriprise and schedule a reasonable number of meetings or
teleconferences with the Independent Valuation Firm so that
Ameriprise may perform its on-going due diligence review of
Company.

Disclosure.
The Per
Share NAV will be reported in the SEC Disclosure Documents filed
with the Commission and in the Annual Report sent to investors with
sufficient narrative disclosure to meet FINRA regulatory
requirements and in a clear and concise manner so as to be
understood by the average investor. In addition, if the Company has
knowledge of a material impairment or appreciation, or a material
other-than-temporary change in the value of any real property or
real estate-related asset which would result in a material change
in the NAV or Per Share NAV, then the Company shall consider such
change prior to the issuance of a valuation and shall otherwise
file such SEC Disclosure Documents as required.

 

15


 


 


In
addition to and in conjunction with the terms set forth above,
pursuant to FINRA Rule 2310(b)(5), the Issuer Entities agree that
the Company shall make specified disclosures as to the value of the
Shares in each annual report distributed to investors pursuant to
Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act, specifically: (i) a
per share estimated value of the Shares, developed in a manner
reasonably designed to ensure it is reliable, in the
Company’s periodic reports filed pursuant to
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; (ii) an
explanation of the method by which the value was developed; and
(iii) the date of the valuation.

In
addition to and in conjunction with the terms set forth in this
Section 2(ll), pursuant to FINRA Rule 2310(b)(5), the Issuer
Entities agree that the Company shall disclose in a periodic or
current report filed pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act, within the time parameters set forth in the
Independent Valuations paragraph of Section 2(ll) hereof, and
in each annual report thereafter, a per share estimated value:
(i) based on the valuations of the assets and liabilities of
the Company performed at least annually by, or with the material
assistance or confirmation of, a third-party valuation expert or
service; (ii) derived from a methodology that conforms to
standard industry practice; and (iii) accompanied by a written
opinion or report by the issuer, delivered at least annually, that
explains the scope of the review, the valuation methodology used
and the basis for the reported value.

Notwithstanding
any agreements to the contrary, nothing shall preclude Ameriprise
from taking any action, such as suspending sales of any offering or
withholding disclosure of Per Share NAV on its account statements,
on the basis of the due diligence review of the valuation materials
and the Independent Valuation Firm’s report. Following the
Company’s disclosure of the Per Share NAV in the SEC
Disclosure Documents, and subject to the fair disclosure
requirements of Regulation FD and to the provisions of any
non-disclosure agreement between Ameriprise and the Independent
Valuation Firm, nothing shall preclude Ameriprise from providing
the name of the Independent Valuation Firm and/or a summary of its
review to its clients and/or its financial advisors. In no event
will the Company engage in a follow-on offering or any subsequent
offering of non-listed securities without first performing and
disclosing an independent valuation. In addition, notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Section 2(ll), the Company
acknowledges and agrees that it shall cooperate with, provide
access to, and afford sufficient time in advance for Ameriprise to
conduct its on-going due diligence review of the Company from the
effective date of this Agreement through the date of a merger,
listing of its shares on an exchange or other similar significant
event.

Policies
and Certification . The
Company will design and implement policies reasonably designed to
ensure compliance with this Section 2(ll), and will provide
Ameriprise with a copy of those policies. If the Company materially
changes such policies, the Company shall promptly provide written
notice to Ameriprise. In addition, the Company will briefly
describe its valuation policies, including the role and
responsibilities of an Independent Valuation Firm, in its Form
S-11, amendments thereto or other offering materials filed with the
Commission.

(mm)
Disclosure of Funds from Operations and Modified Funds from
Operations . The
Company will include, in a report on Form 10-K or Form 10-Q filed
with the Commission for the period in which the Company completes
its first acquisition of a real property or real estate-related
investment, and in each subsequent report on Form 10-K or Form 10-Q
filed with the Commission, the following performance measures:
Funds From Operations using the definition and protocols
established by the National Association of Real Estate Investment
Trusts, and Modified Funds From Operations using the

 

16


 


 


definition
found in the Investment Program Association Practice Guideline
2010-01, each as amended from time-to-time. The Company will design
and implement policies reasonably designed to ensure compliance
with this Section 2(mm), and will provide Ameriprise with a
copy of those policies. In no event will the Company materially
change such policies without prior written notice to
Ameriprise.

3. Sale
of Shares .

(a)
Purchase of Shares . On the
basis of the representations, warranties and covenants herein
contained, but subject to the terms and conditions herein set
forth, the Company hereby appoints Ameriprise as a Selected Dealer
for the Shares during the period from the date hereof to the
Termination Date (the “ Effective Term
”), including the Shares to be issued pursuant to the DRIP,
each in the manner described in the Registration Statement. Subject
to the performance by the Company of all obligations to be
performed by it hereunder and the completeness and accuracy of all
of its representations and warranties, Ameriprise agrees to use its
best efforts, during the Effective Term, to offer and sell such
number of Shares as contemplated by this Agreement at the price
stated in the Prospectus, as the same may be adjusted from time to
time.

The
purchase of Shares must be made during the offering period
described in the Prospectus, or after such offering period in the
case of purchases made pursuant to the DRIP (each such purchase
hereinafter defined as an “ Order
”).

(i)
Persons desiring to purchase Class A Shares are required to
(i) deliver to Ameriprise a check in the amount of $10.00 per
Share purchased (subject to certain volume discounts or other
discounts as described in the Prospectus, or such other per share
price as may be applicable pursuant to the DRIP, or such other per
share price as is disclosed from time to time in the Registration
Statement or Prospectus) payable to Ameriprise, or
(ii) authorize a debit of such amount to the account such
purchaser maintains with Ameriprise.

(ii)
Persons desiring to purchase Class T Shares are required to
(i) deliver to Ameriprise a check in the amount of $9.47 per
Share purchased (subject to such other per share price as may be
applicable pursuant to the DRIP, or such other share price as
disclosed from time to time in the Registration Statement or
Prospectus) payable to Ameriprise, or (ii) authorize a debit
of such amount to the account such purchaser maintains with
Ameriprise.

(iii) An
order form as mutually agreed upon by Ameriprise and the Company
substantially similar to the form of subscription agreement
attached to the Prospectus (each an “ Order
Form ”) must be completed and submitted to the
Company for all investors. The Dealer Manager and American
Enterprise Investment Services, Inc. (“ AEIS
”), an affiliate of Ameriprise, are parties to that certain
Alternative Investment Product Networking Services Agreement, dated
June 5, 2013 , as amended (the “ AIP
Networking Agreement ”), pursuant to which the
broker-controlled accounts of Ameriprise’s customers that
invest in the Company will be processed and serviced. The parties
acknowledge that any receipt by Ameriprise of payments for
subscriptions for Shares shall be effected solely as an
administrative convenience, and such receipt of payments shall not
be deemed to constitute acceptance of Orders to purchase Shares or
sales of Shares by the Company.

All Orders
solicited by Ameriprise will be strictly subject to review and
acceptance by the Company and the Company reserves the right in its
absolute discretion to reject any Order or to accept or reject
Orders in the order of their receipt by the Company or otherwise.
Within 30 days of receipt of an Order, the Company must accept or
reject such Order. If the Company elects to reject such Order,
within 10 business days after such rejection, it will notify the
purchaser and Ameriprise of such fact and cause

 

17


 


 


the return
of such purchaser’s funds submitted with such application. If
Ameriprise receives no notice of rejection within the foregoing
time limits, the Order shall be deemed accepted. Ameriprise agrees
to make every reasonable effort to determine that the purchase of
Shares is a suitable and appropriate investment for each potential
purchaser of Shares based on information provided by such purchaser
regarding, among other things, such purchaser’s age,
investment experience, financial situation and investment
objectives. Ameriprise agrees to maintain copies of the Orders
received from investors and of the other information obtained from
investors, including the Order Forms, for a minimum of 6 years from
the date of sale and will make such information available to the
Company upon request by the Company.

(b)
Closing Dates and Delivery of Shares . In no
event shall a sale of Shares to an investor be completed until at
least five business days after the date the investor receives a
copy of the Prospectus. Orders shall be submitted as contemplated
by the AIP Networking Agreement, Section 13 of the Dealer
Manager Agreement and as otherwise set forth in this Agreement.
Shares will be issued as described in the Prospectus. Share
issuance dates for purchases made pursuant to the DRIP will be as
set forth in the DRIP.

(c)
Dealers . The
Shares offered and sold under this Agreement shall be offered and
sold only by Ameriprise, a member in good standing of FINRA. The
Issuer Entities and affiliates thereof agree to participate in
Ameriprise’s marketing efforts to the extent that Ameriprise
may reasonably request and, without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, agree to visit Ameriprise’s offices as Ameriprise
may reasonably request.

(d)
Compensation .

(i)
Class A Shares. In consideration for Ameriprise’s
execution of this Agreement, and for the performance of
Ameriprise’s obligations hereunder, the Dealer Manager agrees
to pay or cause to be paid to Ameriprise a sales commission (the
“ Sales Commission ”) of seven percent
($0.70 based on $10.00 price per share) of the price of each Share
(except for Shares sold pursuant to the DRIP) sold by Ameriprise;
provided, however, that Ameriprise’s Sales Commission shall
be reduced with respect to volume sales of Shares to Qualifying
Purchasers (as defined in the Prospectus) and as otherwise set
forth in the “Plan of Distribution” section of the
Prospectus. In the case of such volume sales to Qualifying
Purchasers, on orders of $500,000 or more, Ameriprise’s Sales
Commission shall be reduced by the amount of the Share purchase
price discount. In the case of such volume sales to Qualifying
Purchasers, Ameriprise’s Sales Commission will be reduced in
the total volume ranges set forth in the table below. Any reduction
of the Sales Commission otherwise payable to Ameriprise will be
credited to the purchaser as additional Shares. Such r


 








 












Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc. Announces Cash and Stock DividendHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 6 hrs 25 minsS&P 5002,469.40-6.02 (-0.24%)Dow 3021,775.34-21.21 (-0.10%)Nasdaq6,346.60-35.59 (-0.56%)Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc. Announces Cash and Stock DividendBusiness WireOctober 11, 2016ReblogShareTweetSharePHILADELPHIA--(BUSINESS WIRE)--On October 7, 2016, the Board of Directors of Resource Apartment REIT III (the “REIT”) declared cash distributions on the outstanding shares of the REIT’s Class A and Class T common stock based on daily record dates for the periods from October 10, 2016 through October 30, 2016, from October 31, 2016 through November 29, 2016, and from November 30, 2016 through December 29, 2016, which distributions the REIT expects to pay on October 31, 2016, November 30, 2016 and December 30, 2016, respectively.Distributions for these periods will be calculated based on stockholders of record each day during these periods as follows: Class A Common Stock – at a rate of $0.0000547945 per share per day;  Class T Common Stock – at a rate of $0.0000547945 per share per day less the applicable daily distribution and shareholder servicing fees accrued for and allocable to the Class T common stock, each divided by the number of shares of common stock of such class outstanding as of the close of business on the respective record dates.Shareholders may choose to receive cash distributions or purchase additional shares through the REIT’s distribution reinvestment plan. Distributions reinvested pursuant to the distribution reinvestment plan will be reinvested in shares of the same class as the shares on which the distributions are made. Some or all of the cash distributions may be paid from sources other than cash flows from operations.Stock DividendAlso on October 7, 2016, the REIT’s Board of Directors authorized a stock dividend for the fourth quarter of 2016, in the amount of 0.05 shares of common stock on each outstanding share of common stock to all common stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 31, 2016. Stock dividends are issued in the same class of shares as the shares for which such stockholder received the stock dividend. The REIT expects to issue this stock dividend on or about January 13, 2017.We believe that the stock dividend should be a tax-free transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Section 305(a) of the Internal Revenue code of 1986, as amended, but stockholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of this stock dividend.All statements and information other than statements of historical fact included in this press release regarding strategy, future operations, financial position, estimated revenues, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of management are forward-looking statements. When used, the words "could," "believe," "anticipate," "intend," "estimate," "expect," "project" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. You should not place undue influence on these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that our plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by the forward-looking statements we make are reasonable, we can give no assurance that these plans, intentions or expectations will be achieved because of the number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, including but not limited to uncertainties concerning the properties being operated and sold or refinanced, leverage and meeting debt service obligations, operating properties in different locations throughout the U.S., general, market or business conditions and changes in laws or regulations. These cautionary statements qualify all forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf.About Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc.Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc. intends to acquire and operate a portfolio of multifamily real estate throughout the United States. The REIT is sponsored by Resource Real Estate, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Resource America, Inc. (“Resource”). Resource is an asset management company that specializes in real estate and credit investments. Resource’s investments emphasize consistent value and long-term returns with an income orientation.Resource is a wholly owned subsidiary of C-III Capital Partners LLC, a leading real estate investment management and commercial property services company, with $13 billion in real estate and debt assets under management as of June 30, 2016.View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161011006647/en/ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextBoeing shares surge as it lifts outlook, boosts buybacksAFPEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredSimon Property (SPG) to Report Q2 Earnings: What's in Store?ZacksConsumers, businesses lift U.S. economic growth in second quarterReutersTrump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverageYahoo FinanceThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredSean Hannity responds to claim he ran up a $42,000 tab at Trump's hotel after flying in a 70-year-old lobster from MaineBusiness InsiderTwitter is only famous now because of President Trump: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoInvestors yawn as US economic growth rebounds in the second quarter; Amazon fallsYahoo FinanceZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredRepublicans warn Trump: No confirmation hearing for a Sessions replacement, and no recess appointment eitherBusiness InsiderExxon profit nearly doubles, but falls short of expectationsReutersStarbucks CEO: The Amazon-Whole Foods deal shows where retail is goingYahoo FinanceA Penny-Crypto Miracle Making Some Americans RichAgora FinancialSponsoredAmazon could be the first trillion dollar company: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoGDP — What you need to know in markets on FridayYahoo FinanceScaramucci tirades ignite smoldering White House tensionsJust Me: Scaramucci is just as crazy as Trump, the whole cabinet is falling apart with all the attacks from Trump and now Scaramucci. It won't be long the end is near.Join the Conversation1 / 527








 



Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc. Announces Cash Distribution | Business Wire
























































Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc. Announces Cash Distribution






January 04, 2017 10:00 AM Eastern Standard Time



PHILADELPHIA--(BUSINESS WIRE)--On December 15, 2016, the Board of Directors of Resource Apartment REIT 
      III, Inc. (the “REIT”) declared cash distributions on the outstanding 
      shares of the REIT’s Class A and Class T common stock based on daily 
      record dates for the periods from December 30, 2016 through January 30, 
      2017, from January 31, 2017 through February 27, 2017, and from February 
      28, 2017 through March 30, 2017, which distributions the REIT expects to 
      pay on January 31, 2017, February 28, 2017 and March 31, 2017, 
      respectively.
    

      Distributions for these periods will be calculated based on stockholders 
      of record each day during these periods as follows:
    


        Class A Common Stock – at a rate of $0.000547945 per share per day;
      

        Class T Common Stock – at a rate of $0.000547945 per share per day 
        less the applicable daily distribution and shareholder servicing fees 
        accrued for and allocable to the Class T common stock,
      


      each divided by the number of shares of common stock of such class 
      outstanding as of the close of business on the respective record dates.
    

      Shareholders may choose to receive cash distributions or purchase 
      additional shares through the REIT’s distribution reinvestment plan. 
      Distributions reinvested pursuant to the distribution reinvestment plan 
      will be reinvested in shares of the same class as the shares on which 
      the distributions are made. Some or all of the cash distributions may be 
      paid from sources other than cash flows from operations.
    

All statements and information other than statements of historical 
      fact included in this press release regarding strategy, future 
      operations, financial position, estimated revenues, projected costs, 
      prospects, plans and objectives of management are forward-looking 
      statements. When used, the words "could," "believe," "anticipate," 
      "intend," "estimate," "expect," "project" and similar expressions are 
      intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all 
      forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. You should 
      not place undue influence on these forward-looking statements. Although 
      we believe that our plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or 
      suggested by the forward-looking statements we make are reasonable, we 
      can give no assurance that these plans, intentions or expectations will 
      be achieved because of the number of risks and uncertainties, many of 
      which are beyond our control, including but not limited to uncertainties 
      concerning the properties being operated and sold or refinanced, 
      leverage and meeting debt service obligations, operating properties in 
      different locations throughout the U.S., general, market or business 
      conditions and changes in laws or regulations. These cautionary 
      statements qualify all forward-looking statements attributable to us or 
      persons acting on our behalf.


About Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc.


      Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc. intends to acquire and operate a 
      portfolio of multifamily real estate throughout the United States. The 
      REIT is sponsored by Resource Real Estate, Inc., a wholly owned 
      subsidiary of Resource America, Inc. (“Resource”). Resource is an asset 
      management company that specializes in real estate and credit 
      investments. Resource’s investments emphasize consistent value and 
      long-term returns with an income orientation.
    

      Resource is a wholly owned subsidiary of C-III Capital Partners LLC, a 
      leading real estate investment management and commercial property 
      services company, with $13 billion in real estate and debt assets under 
      management as of June 30, 2016.
    


Contacts

Media Contact:Gregory 
      FCA for Resource Real EstateJimmy Moock, 610-228-2125jimmy@gregoryfca.comorCompany 
      Contact:Resource 
      Real EstateMarianne McGuire, 267-256-5964Chief Marketing 
      Officermmcguire@resourcerei.com














Release Summary
Resource Apartment REIT III, Inc. Announces Cash Distribution




#Hashtags

#REIT





Contacts

Media Contact:Gregory 
      FCA for Resource Real EstateJimmy Moock, 610-228-2125jimmy@gregoryfca.comorCompany 
      Contact:Resource 
      Real EstateMarianne McGuire, 267-256-5964Chief Marketing 
      Officermmcguire@resourcerei.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












