










 













 







Resolys Bio, Inc. - Biotechnology- Eckmann  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Resolys Bio, Inc.

      Industry: Biotechnology
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    545 Westfall Road  
    Delanson, NY, 12053Phone: 518-872-1144 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-05


Amended


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06b


SEC link




	2016-05-19


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Jeffrey A. Eckmann 
 Director 


 Chris Garabedian 
 Director, Executive 


 Thomas C. Hatch 
 Director 


 John Mc Michael 
 Director, Executive 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Resolys Bio, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:35 AM ET
Biotechnology

Company Overview of Resolys Bio, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Resolys Bio, Inc. operates in the biotechnology industry. The company was incorporated in 2016 and is headquartered in Delanson, New York.


545 Westfall RoadDelanson, NY 12053United StatesFounded in 2016



Phone: 518-872-1144








Key Executives for Resolys Bio, Inc.




Mr. John McMichael


      	President, Secretary, Treasurer, and Director
      








Mr. Chris Garabedian


      	Executive Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 20n Labs, Inc. United States 23andMe, Inc. United States 2C Tech Corporation, Inc. United States 3-V Biosciences, Inc. United States 3Bar Biologics Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Resolys Bio, Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































Home - Resolys Bio, Inc.









































Skip to content



 



Resolys Bio, Inc.

















Home


Formed in February of 2016 as a spinout by Beech Tree Labs (BTL), Resolys Bio is a privately held, discovery and early-stage development biotechnology company of therapeutic agents for acute and chronic disorders. BTL has several products in pre-clinical and clinical development at any one time, with streptolysin O (SLO) emerging as one of the most attractive. Having been assigned all rights to SLO, Resolys is moving toward formal evaluation of this molecule for treatment of traumatic brain injury (TBI) with other indications to follow.
Given the tremendous human and monetary costs imposed on society by chronic TBI, a drug that could successfully reverse the cognition, memory, mood, and personality deficits that define this condition would represent an enormous breakthrough. We believe that SLO represents just such a drug.
© Resolys Bio, Inc.












































































































































































Management - Resolys Bio, Inc.







































Skip to content



 



Resolys Bio, Inc.
















Management 

John McMichael, Ph.D., President
Dr. McMichael has over two decades of experience with start-up companies including Molecular Rx, ImmunoTherapeutics and Milkhaus Labs. He is an Alzheimer’s disease research pioneer, having been the inventor on over 30 Alzheimer’s-related patents licensed to Élan Corp, plc. He is also the inventor of a veterinary prescription drug, one marketed nutraceutical product, and has more than 100 patents to his credit. Dr. McMichael has experience in building company teams, securing funding, working with regulatory agencies, and collaborating with outside experts to maximize utilization of resources and efficiency of operations. From 1975 through 1986, Dr. McMichael served as Assistant Professor, then Associate Professor, and for the last four years as Professor, of Biology and Health Sciences at Edinboro University of Pennsylvania. His other academic appointments include the Wistar Institute (1973-74) and SUNY-Cobleskill (1988 to the present). Dr. McMichael received his PhD from Oregon State University in immunology and virology, and he received his BS in Microbiology from the University of Maine. His doctoral work involved developing the world’s first live virus vaccines for fish which led to industry-wide standards to help prevent hatchery losses. He served as General Manager for ImmunoTherapeutics, Vice President of Molecular Rx, Inc., Founder and President of Milkhaus Laboratory, Inc., Founder and CEO of Beech Tree Labs, Inc., and Founder and President of The Institute for Therapeutic Discovery, a not-for-profit organization focused on bridging biochemistry and biophysics in order to better illuminate homeodynamics, a state of physiological equilibrium associated with health and healing.
Board of Directors
John McMichael, Ph.D.

Please see Management above.


Jeffrey A. Eckmann
Mr. Eckmann serves as a member of the Board of Directors of Beech Tree Labs, Inc., and Emergency MCG USA, Inc. Previously he served as Group President for Reynolds American, Inc., where he managed four of RAI’s five business units. His responsibilities for RAI also included corporate strategy and development and mergers and acquisitions. Previously, he was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Brown & Williamson Tobacco Corporation, having led the integration of the 2004, $4.5 billion merger between R.J. Reynolds and Brown & Williamson. Mr. Eckmann began his career with Price Waterhouse. He currently serves on the board of Alliance One International and chairs its audit committee. He also serves on the board and executive committee of the Northern Illinois University Foundation. He is a graduate of Northern Illinois University and the Harvard Business School Advanced Management Program.

Thomas C. Hatch
Mr. Hatch is an experienced business leader in the animal health industry. His experience includes Director of Business Development of Beech Tree Labs, General Manager of Operations for Neogen Corporation as well as President and CEO of Immucell Corporation. Mr. Hatch is a graduate of Darden Business School, University of Virginia.









































































































































































Marrone Bio Innovations, Inc. Products Show Impressive Results in International Trials Against Key Pests and Diseases Nasdaq:MBII









































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













Marrone Bio Innovations, Inc. Products Show Impressive Results in International Trials Against Key Pests and Diseases




















July 10, 2017 08:30 ET

 | Source: Marrone Bio Innovations






DAVIS, Calif., July  10, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Marrone Bio Innovations, Inc. (NASDAQ:MBII), (MBI) a leading provider of bio-based pest management and plant health products for agriculture, turf and ornamental and water treatment markets, has reported excellent product efficacy results in fast growing international markets with intense pest and plant disease problems. The drivers beind the rapid adoption of biologicals are globally recognized and include evidence of increased yields and crop quality when biologicals are integrated into programs. Biologicals are also a key driver behind the reduction or elimination of synthetic pesticide residues on crops for export markets, delay of pest and plant pathogen resistance to chemicals, safety for workers and pollinators, and less environmental pollution. In South Africa, Grandevo® and Venerate® Bioinsecticides have generated positive trial results in citrus - a key agricultural market. MBI products reduced citrus rust mite populations more than 96% and offered fruit a comparable level of protection as commonly used chemical products. Both Grandevo and Venerate provided effective control of citrus fruit damage caused by false codling moth. This pest bores into the citrus fruit, making them unmarketable. South Africa is Africa’s largest exporter of agricultural products and exports more than 1.6 million metric tons of citrus annually, with most fruit being shipped to the EU and Asia where limits on chemical residues are strictly enforced1. South African growers are increasing their use of biologicals to meet the demands for residue-free food from local and international markets, and in response to the EU’s ban on controversial neonicotinoid insecticides. In Latin America, field trials with MBI products have demonstrated efficacy in addressing serious, key crop problems. For example, the addition of Regalia® Biofungicide enhanced existing industry programs for controlling coffee rust. Venerate Bioinsecticide, used in integrated pest management (IPM) programs for managing the dreaded coffee berry borer or “Broca,” successfully reduced the number of organophosphate insecticide applications, including that of the controversial chlorpyrifos, by 50 percent.  The program with Venerate reduced boring damage by almost 70%, which was 40 percent more effective than the chemical-only program.  Broca can cause coffee farmers to lose up to 20 percent of a crop and reduce the crop’s marketable price by 30 to 40 percent2. Coffee rust causes $1 billion in damage to coffee plants across Latin America and the Caribbean.3 Majestene® Bionematicide reduced the most important pest nematodes of bananas (burrowing nematodes) as well as or better than the organophosphate, chlorpyrifos. The burrowing nematode destroys the roots of bananas and plantains so that the plants are starved of water, nutrients, and lack support, causing 30-60% yield loss4. The use of Majestene to control nematodes would be a major step forward in reducing exposure risks to pesticide applicators as well. In Mexico, both Grandevo and Venerate bioinsecticides have demonstrated effective and reliable control of the Asian citrus psyllid (ACP), a serious pest that transmits HLB disease. The Asian citrus psyllid has devastated Florida groves and has been recently found in California. Field trial data supporting the use of these two MBI-developed bioinsecticides to control Asian citrus psyllid is now being submitted to support label amendments, adding ACP control to existing Grandevo and Venerate registrations and labels in Mexico. In Asia, Regalia is advancing in banana trials in the Philippines, showing good activity against the most serious disease this crop faces globally, black sigatoka. In previous trials in Costa Rica, Regalia combined with the standard chemical program increased banana girth by 27% compared to the standard chemical program alone.  Convential sprays for this disease are 15-20% of the cost of bananas ($1000/hectare, 25-40 sprays per season).5 In Vietnam, MBI’s distribution partner has completed initial trials with Regalia showing a 20% increase in rice yields, and a concurrent reduction in discolored and unfilled grain caused by rice neck blast disease. Also, in citrus trials in Vietnam, Regalia decreased bacterial canker by more than 70%. In insecticide trials, Grandevo performed under intense pest pressure, reducing pest populations for control of red mites, thrips and mealybugs on strawberry, pumpkin, custard apple, orange and dragon fruit. Sources: 1USDA Foreign Agricultural Service, Global Agricultural Information Network Report 12/15/16, 2Specialty Coffee Association of America, 3 US AID, 4Pestnet.org, 5American Phytopathological Society About Marrone Bio Innovations  Smart. Natural. Solutions.Marrone Bio Innovations, Inc. (NASDAQ:MBII) strives to lead the movement to a more sustainable world through the discovery, development and promotion of biological products for pest management and plant health. MBI’s effective and environmentally responsible pest management solutions help customers operate more sustainably while uniquely improving plant health and increasing crop yields. MBI currently has six commercially available products (Regalia®, Grandevo®, Venerate®, Majestene®, Haven™ and Zequanox®) as well as eight product candidates in various stages of the company’s rapid development pipeline. MBI also distributes Bio-tam 2.0® for Isagro USA in the western U.S. and Jet-Ag® for Jet Harvest in most regions of the U.S. Marrone Bio Innovations is dedicated to pioneering smart biopesticide solutions that support a better tomorrow for both farmers and consumers around the globe.  For more information, please visit www.marronebio.com. Marrone Bio Innovations Forward Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties.  All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this press release regarding strategy, future operations and plans, including assumptions underlying such statements, are forward-looking statements, and should not be relied upon as representing MBI’s views as of any subsequent date.  Examples of such statements include statements regarding sales of the Company’s products, the potential benefits of the Company’s products, and MBI’s efforts with respect to expansion of its product labels in international markets. Such forward-looking statements are based on information available to the Company as of the date of this release and involve a number of risks and uncertainties, some beyond the Company's control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements, including consumer, regulatory and other factors affecting demand for the Company’s products, any difficulty in marketing MBI’s products vin global markets, competition in the market for pest management products, lack of understanding of bio-based pest management products by customers and growers, and adverse decisions by regulatory agencies and other relevant third parties.  Additional information that could lead to material changes in MBI’s performance is contained in its filings with the SEC.  MBI is under no obligation to, and expressly disclaims any responsibility to, update or alter forward-looking statements contained in this release, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise Marrone Bio Innovations Contacts:
Pam Marrone, CEO and Founder
Julie Versman, Sr. Director of International Business
Telephone: +1 (530) 750-2800
Email: Info@marronebio.com

Investor Relations:
Greg Falesnik
Managing Director
MZ Group – MZ North America
Main: 949-385-6449
MBII@mzgroup.us
www.mzgroup.us


Related Articles
other press releases by Marrone Bio Innovations


Marrone Bio Innovations to Present at Investor Conferences in August
July 26, 2017 08:30


Marrone Bio Innovations Expands its Products to Africa
July 24, 2017 08:30


Marrone Bio Innovations Joins the Russell Microcap Index
June 26, 2017 08:30


Marrone Bio Innovations Engages MZ Group to Expand Investor Relations and Shareholder Communication Program
June 14, 2017 08:30


California Cannabis Growers Now Have Access to Safe and Effective Biopesticides From Marrone Bio Innovations
June 12, 2017 09:00








Profile

Marrone Bio Innovations





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Davis, California, UNITED STATES
  http://www.marronebio.com




Contact Data
Marrone Bio Innovations Contacts:
Pam Marrone, CEO and Founder
Julie Versman, Sr. Director of International Business
Telephone: +1 (530) 750-2800
Email: Info@marronebio.com

Investor Relations:
Greg Falesnik
Managing Director
MZ Group – MZ North America
Main: 949-385-6449
MBII@mzgroup.us
www.mzgroup.us

Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.











Media Files



Marrone Bio Innovations  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        



















Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.





 

Resolys Bio Inc - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/235730-resolys-bio-incsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=235730  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Resolys Bio IncCompany DetailsGet alertedif Resolys Bio Inc gets funded!Resolys Bio IncFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesNew YorkDelansonIndustry:Biotechnology Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors May 19th, 2016Undisclosed-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Resolys Bio Inc gets funded?Key peopleJeffrey EckmannDirectorChris GarabedianDirector, Executive OfficerThomas HatchDirectorJohn McmichaelDirector, Executive OfficerPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!


 SECGems: Resolys Bio, Inc. 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 Resolys Bio, Inc. 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
2













	 
	
	 545 WESTFALL ROAD
	 
	
	
	   DELANSON, 
	   NY, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	   518-872-1144    
	    

						        









Filing DateCurrent and former namesChanged on date




2016-05-19Resolys Bio, Inc.








Central Index Key (CIK)
0001674941
State of Incorporation
DE
Country of Incorporation
USA
Fiscal year end
1231
IRS #
811521641










Form D Related Persons# Filings





 Chris Garabedian


1




 Jeffrey A Eckmann


2




 John McMichael


2




 Thomas C Hatch


2







 








db
 
 








































