    Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT II                                       Home About Us  InvestmentStrategy PropertyPortfolio  Prospectus& SEC Filings Contact Us Log In    











OFFERING CLOSED





			Investment Objectives:Income, Protection, Growth
			
> Read More










      Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT, Inc.  |  Prospectus and SEC Filings               

 

Prospectus & Supplements
Updated: July 2012

» Prospectus




Adobe Acrobat Readeris required to view the file.To download a free copy ofReader, click here.         Home  |             Investment Strategy  |  Properties  |  Prospectus/SEC Filings  |  Investor Relations  |          Contact Us  |          Log In     Prospectus and SEC Filings  Prospectus     Prospectus                     Account Forms     Account                             Update Form      Change of                            Ownership Form      Redemption                            Request Form      Distribution                             Update Form     SEC Filings     Most Recent                            8-K Filing      Most Recent                            10-K Filing » XBRL Exhibits      Most Recent                            10-Q Filing » XBRL Exhibits                              SEC Filings                        (external website)     Governance     Audit Committee Charter      Code of                            Business Conduct                            and Ethics      Form 8937  Tax Year 2015 Tax Year 2014 Tax Year 2013  Cash Distributions Dated 01-13-14 Dated 10-15-13 Dated 07-15-13 Dated 04-15-13 Dated 01-15-13 Dated 10-15-12 Dated 07-16-12 Dated 05-31-12 Dated 04-13-12 Dated 01-13-12 Dated 09-15-11 Dated 06-15-11 Dated 03-15-11               OFFERING CLOSED          Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT, Inc., closed its public offering effective as of the close of business December 13, 2013.  Related Links Executive Team Resource Real Estate Website Resource Innovation Office REIT Resource Apartment REIT III      COPYRIGHT © 2016  |  RESOURCE REAL ESTATE, INC.		    1845 Walnut Street, 18th Floor • Philadelphia, PA 19103 Home  |  Investment Strategy  |  Properties  |  Prospectus/SEC Filings  |  Investor Relations  |  Contact Us  |  Log In This is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT; offering is only made by prospectus. This information must be preceded or accompanied by a prospectus in order to understand fully all of the implications and risks of the offering. Investing in Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT includes significant risks. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: lack of a public market; arbitrary offering price; limited operating history; reliance on the advisor to select and manage assets; payment of substantial fees to our advisor and its affiliates; conflicts of interest facing our officers and directors; lack of diversification; limited liquidity and transferability; and distributions may be paid from any source including offering proceeds. Shares of Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT are not suitable for all investors. Neither the attorney general of the state of New York nor any other state regulators have passed on or endorsed the merits of this offering. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. To read more about the Opportunity REIT's risk factors click here. The shares of the Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT are offered through Resource Securities, Inc., an affiliate of the advisor and member - FINRA, SIPC.    

 

Prospectus & Supplements
Updated: July 2012

» Prospectus




Adobe Acrobat Readeris required to view the file.To download a free copy ofReader, click here.           Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT, Inc.  |  Contact Us           

 

Prospectus & Supplements
Updated: July 2012

» Prospectus




Adobe Acrobat Readeris required to view the file.To download a free copy ofReader, click here.         Home  |             Investment Strategy  |  Properties  |  Prospectus/SEC Filings  |  Investor Relations  |          Contact Us  |          Log In     Contact Us Financial Advisors Financial advisors can contact us at (866) 773-4120 or go to the Log In tab to access their investment information. Prospective Investors Investors interested in the Opportunity REIT should speak with their financial advisor about suitability requirements, fees and expenses and liquidity features of the offering. This investment is only available through financial advisors of broker dealers with valid selling agreements. If you do not have a financial advisor and would like our assistance please contact us at (866) 469-0129. Investors can use the link below to contact our Investor Relations department.  » Email Investor Relations    OFFERING CLOSED          Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT, Inc., closed its public offering effective as of the close of business December 13, 2013.  Related Links Executive Team Resource Real Estate Website Resource Innovation Office REIT Resource Apartment REIT III      COPYRIGHT © 2016  |  RESOURCE REAL ESTATE, INC.		    1845 Walnut Street, 18th Floor • Philadelphia, PA 19103 Home  |  Investment Strategy  |  Properties  |  Prospectus/SEC Filings  |  Investor Relations  |  Contact Us  |  Log In This is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT; offering is only made by prospectus. This information must be preceded or accompanied by a prospectus in order to understand fully all of the implications and risks of the offering. Investing in Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT includes significant risks. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: lack of a public market; arbitrary offering price; limited operating history; reliance on the advisor to select and manage assets; payment of substantial fees to our advisor and its affiliates; conflicts of interest facing our officers and directors; lack of diversification; limited liquidity and transferability; and distributions may be paid from any source including offering proceeds. Shares of Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT are not suitable for all investors. Neither the attorney general of the state of New York nor any other state regulators have passed on or endorsed the merits of this offering. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. To read more about the Opportunity REIT's risk factors click here. The shares of the Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT are offered through Resource Securities, Inc., an affiliate of the advisor and member - FINRA, SIPC.    

 

Prospectus & Supplements
Updated: July 2012

» Prospectus




Adobe Acrobat Readeris required to view the file.To download a free copy ofReader, click here.         Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT II                                       Home About Us  InvestmentStrategy PropertyPortfolio  Prospectus& SEC Filings Contact Us Log In           




Log In
Existing Investors
Existing investors may click on the link below
                        to access their investment account.
>> Investor Login










 
Financial Advisors

                        Financial Advisors can contact us at
                        (866) 773-4120 or click on the link below
                        to access their investment information.
                    
>> Financial Advisor Login


Broker-Dealer Due Diligence 
>> Broker-Dealer Due Diligence
                            Login





 







      Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT, Inc.  |  Contact Us           

 

Prospectus & Supplements
Updated: July 2012

» Prospectus




Adobe Acrobat Readeris required to view the file.To download a free copy ofReader, click here.         Home  |             Investment Strategy  |  Properties  |  Prospectus/SEC Filings  |  Investor Relations  |          Contact Us  |          Log In     Contact Us Financial Advisors Financial advisors can contact us at (866) 773-4120 or go to the Log In tab to access their investment information. Prospective Investors Investors interested in the Opportunity REIT should speak with their financial advisor about suitability requirements, fees and expenses and liquidity features of the offering. This investment is only available through financial advisors of broker dealers with valid selling agreements. If you do not have a financial advisor and would like our assistance please contact us at (866) 469-0129. Investors can use the link below to contact our Investor Relations department.  » Email Investor Relations    OFFERING CLOSED          Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT, Inc., closed its public offering effective as of the close of business December 13, 2013.  Related Links Executive Team Resource Real Estate Website Resource Innovation Office REIT Resource Apartment REIT III      COPYRIGHT © 2016  |  RESOURCE REAL ESTATE, INC.		    1845 Walnut Street, 18th Floor • Philadelphia, PA 19103 Home  |  Investment Strategy  |  Properties  |  Prospectus/SEC Filings  |  Investor Relations  |  Contact Us  |  Log In This is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT; offering is only made by prospectus. This information must be preceded or accompanied by a prospectus in order to understand fully all of the implications and risks of the offering. Investing in Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT includes significant risks. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: lack of a public market; arbitrary offering price; limited operating history; reliance on the advisor to select and manage assets; payment of substantial fees to our advisor and its affiliates; conflicts of interest facing our officers and directors; lack of diversification; limited liquidity and transferability; and distributions may be paid from any source including offering proceeds. Shares of Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT are not suitable for all investors. Neither the attorney general of the state of New York nor any other state regulators have passed on or endorsed the merits of this offering. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. To read more about the Opportunity REIT's risk factors click here. The shares of the Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT are offered through Resource Securities, Inc., an affiliate of the advisor and member - FINRA, SIPC.    

 

Prospectus & Supplements
Updated: July 2012

» Prospectus




Adobe Acrobat Readeris required to view the file.To download a free copy ofReader, click here.           Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT, Inc.  |  Contact Us           

 

Prospectus & Supplements
Updated: July 2012

» Prospectus




Adobe Acrobat Readeris required to view the file.To download a free copy ofReader, click here.         Home  |             Investment Strategy  |  Properties  |  Prospectus/SEC Filings  |  Investor Relations  |          Contact Us  |          Log In     Log In    Existing Investors Existing investors may click on the link                         	  below to access their investment account.   » Investor Login      Financial Advisors Financial advisors may click on the link below                            to access their investment information.  » Financial Advisor Login          OFFERING CLOSED          Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT, Inc., closed its public offering effective as of the close of business December 13, 2013.  Related Links Executive Team Resource Real Estate Website Resource Innovation Office REIT Resource Apartment REIT III      COPYRIGHT © 2016  |  RESOURCE REAL ESTATE, INC.		    1845 Walnut Street, 18th Floor • Philadelphia, PA 19103 Home  |  Investment Strategy  |  Properties  |  Prospectus/SEC Filings  |  Investor Relations  |  Contact Us  |  Log In This is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT; offering is only made by prospectus. This information must be preceded or accompanied by a prospectus in order to understand fully all of the implications and risks of the offering. Investing in Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT includes significant risks. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: lack of a public market; arbitrary offering price; limited operating history; reliance on the advisor to select and manage assets; payment of substantial fees to our advisor and its affiliates; conflicts of interest facing our officers and directors; lack of diversification; limited liquidity and transferability; and distributions may be paid from any source including offering proceeds. Shares of Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT are not suitable for all investors. Neither the attorney general of the state of New York nor any other state regulators have passed on or endorsed the merits of this offering. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. To read more about the Opportunity REIT's risk factors click here. The shares of the Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT are offered through Resource Securities, Inc., an affiliate of the advisor and member - FINRA, SIPC.    

 

Prospectus & Supplements
Updated: July 2012

» Prospectus




Adobe Acrobat Readeris required to view the file.To download a free copy ofReader, click here.         Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT II                                       Home About Us  InvestmentStrategy PropertyPortfolio  Prospectus& SEC Filings Contact Us Log In    Investment Objectives | Investment Process             Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT II can diversify an investment
                portfolio with exposure to real estate, and seeks to provide a steady income
                stream, capital preservation and capital appreciation.  
Investment Objectives
The Opportunity REIT II buys undervalued apartment communities and seeks to offer investors:

*During economic contractions, individuals seek more affordable apartment options.       





    Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT II                                       Home About Us  InvestmentStrategy PropertyPortfolio  Prospectus& SEC Filings Contact Us Log In    Investment Objectives | Investment Process              Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT II buys undervalued apartment communities to add value and                    generate income.  The Investment Process       Buy Renovate Increase Sell      Step 1: Buy it Acquire undervalued apartment communities located in cities:    Step 2: Renovate it Renovate, rebrand and add value        Step 3: Increase Revenue Renovated apartments offer:    Step 4: Sell it Sell properties to income-seeking investors        The properties shown are owned by other funds that are managed by Resource Real                    Estate, Inc. The properties are not owned by Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT II. These                    properties are indicative of the type of properties that Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT II                    intends to acquire and are presented for illustrative purposes only.       









Resource Real Estate






























 




















About Us

Investments

Commercial Lending

Global Securities

News & Views

Careers

Contact Us










































The knowledge to realize opportunity.Resource Real Estate (Resource) is a global firm specializing in direct real estate investments, commercial real estate lending and global property securities. With experience honed over more than two decades, Resource Real Estate and its affiliates have been resolving multifaceted challenges with innovative, flexible solutions. Read more
The knowledge to invest confidently.Resource Real Estate (Resource) is a global firm specializing in direct real estate investments, commercial real estate lending and global property securities. With experience honed over more than two decades, Resource Real Estate and its affiliates have been resolving multifaceted challenges with innovative, flexible solutions. Read more
The knowledge to customize solutions.Resource Real Estate (Resource) is a global firm specializing in direct real estate investments, commercial real estate lending and global property securities. With experience honed over more than two decades, Resource Real Estate and its affiliates have been resolving multifaceted challenges with innovative, flexible solutions. Read more
The knowledge to achieve more.Resource Real Estate (Resource) is a global firm specializing in direct real estate investments, commercial real estate lending and global property securities. With experience honed over more than two decades, Resource Real Estate and its affiliates have been resolving multifaceted challenges with innovative, flexible solutions. Read more







InvestmentsOur distinctive approach to investing and managing complex real estate assets focuses on rigorous underwriting and credit analysis to maximize results.Learn more
Commercial LendingSince 2005, Resource Real Estate has provided real estate investment borrowers with the liquidity they need to purchase or manage assets successfully. Learn more
Global SecuritiesInnovative investment solutions provide access to high-quality income-producing real estate companies and REITs around the world. Learn more





            Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT II                                       Home About Us  InvestmentStrategy PropertyPortfolio  Prospectus& SEC Filings Contact Us Log In              Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT II 
 



Prospectus RRE Opp REIT II
> View PDF





Most Recent8-K Filing
> View PDF





Most Recent10-K Filing
> View PDF





Most Recent10-Q Filing
> View PDF


Governance 



Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
> View PDF





Audit Committee Charter
> View PDF



Form 8937
Tax Year 2015
Tax Year 2014 - Cash Distributions
Dated 1-15-15
Dated 10-15-14
Dated 07-14-14


Annual Report & Proxy Statements   Annual Report Proxy Statement Proxy Card      Forms Account Update Form Change of Ownership Form Redemption Request Form Transfer on Death Form Trustee Certification Form  Custodian Registration Change of Ownership Form     





      Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT, Inc.  |  Overview                  

 

Prospectus & Supplements
Updated: July 2012

» Prospectus




Adobe Acrobat Readeris required to view the file.To download a free copy ofReader, click here.         Home  |             Investment Strategy  |  Properties  |  Prospectus/SEC Filings  |  Investor Relations  |          Contact Us  |          Log In     An Opportunity to Invest in Distressed Properties with an Experienced Sponsor,¹ Resource Real Estate, Inc., that has a 20-Year Track Record in Distressed Real Estate Investing.          Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT, a Unique Investment           Opportunity Seeking to Take Advantage of:   The distressed commercial real estate market;  Distressed sellers of commercial real estate; and  Deeply discounted multifamily properties with current operating issues that can potentially be resolved by experienced management and new capital investment.²  A 20-Year History of Distressed Real Estate Investing Our sponsor, Resource Real Estate, Inc. (”Resource Real Estate”), and its affiliates have been actively engaged in distressed real estate investing and turning around distressed properties since 1991 and have unique contacts in the financial services industry to source opportunities. Over the past 20 years, Resource Real Estate has managed distressed real estate asset resolutions representing over $1 billion in value. These included multifamily, office, retail and hospitality sectors of real estate assets. As of September 30, 2013, Resource Real Estate managed a portfolio of nearly $2.1 billion in real estate and real estate related assets, which includes a portfolio of over 29,000 apartment units across 68 multifamily complexes in 24 states. Resource Real Estate has focused on multifamily acquisitions in its last 10 investment programs.  Shares of Resource Real Estate, Inc. are not being offered. Past performance does not guarantee future results. An investment in the REIT is illiquid and distributions are not guaranteed. The properties shown throughout this website are owned by the Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT, Inc. There is no guarantee that property operating issues can be resolved or that the property value will increase as a result of steps referenced.      OFFERING CLOSED          Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT, Inc., closed its public offering effective as of the close of business December 13, 2013.  Related Links Executive Team Resource Real Estate Website Resource Innovation Office REIT Resource Apartment REIT III       COPYRIGHT © 2016  |  RESOURCE REAL ESTATE, INC.		    1845 Walnut Street, 18th Floor • Philadelphia, PA 19103 Home  |  Investment Strategy  |  Properties  |  Prospectus/SEC Filings  |  Investor Relations  |  Contact Us  |  Log In This is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT; offering is only made by prospectus. This information must be preceded or accompanied by a prospectus in order to understand fully all of the implications and risks of the offering. Investing in Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT includes significant risks. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: lack of a public market; arbitrary offering price; limited operating history; reliance on the advisor to select and manage assets; payment of substantial fees to our advisor and its affiliates; conflicts of interest facing our officers and directors; lack of diversification; limited liquidity and transferability; and distributions may be paid from any source including offering proceeds. Shares of Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT are not suitable for all investors. Neither the attorney general of the state of New York nor any other state regulators have passed on or endorsed the merits of this offering. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. To read more about the Opportunity REIT's risk factors click here. The shares of the Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT are offered through Resource Securities, Inc., an affiliate of the advisor and member - FINRA, SIPC.    

 

Prospectus & Supplements
Updated: July 2012

» Prospectus




Adobe Acrobat Readeris required to view the file.To download a free copy ofReader, click here.     
  RSRL:OTC US Stock Quote - Resource Real Estate Opportunity Reit Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Resource Real Estate Opportunity Reit Inc   RSRL:US   OTC US      Price not available for RSRL:US   USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding   -    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT, Inc. operates as a real estate trust. The Company focuses on acquiring a portfolio of commercial real estate and real estate related assets. Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT serves customers in the United States.    Address  1845 Walnut Street18th FloorPhiladelphia, PA 19103United States   Phone  1-215-231-7050   Website   www.resourcereit.com     Executives Board Members    Alan Frank Feldman  Chief Executive Officer    George Edward Carleton  President/COO    Steven R Saltzman  Senior VP/CFO/Treasurer    Michele R Weisbaum  Senior VP/Chief Legal Officer    David Edward Bloom  Senior Vice President     Show More         



    RSRL Key Statistics - Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT Inc. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT Inc.

                  OTC: RSRL
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT Inc.



Market open
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min



RSRL

/quotes/zigman/52956775/delayed


$
0.00




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume n/a
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/52956775/delayed
Previous close

$



$
				0.00
			
Change

0.00
0.00%





Day low
Day high
n/a
n/a


52 week low
52 week high

            n/a
        

            n/a
        

















			Company Description 
		


                Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT, Inc., part of Island Capital Group LLC, is a company headquartered in Philadelphia, PA. The firm functions as real estate investment trust. It was founded in 2009. Alan Frank Feldman has been the CEO since the company founding.
            




Valuation
Efficiency

Receivables Turnover
72.19


Total Asset Turnover
0.12



Profitability

Gross Margin
-16.74


Operating Margin
-53.65


Pretax Margin
-48.07


Net Margin
-46.05


Return on Assets
-5.57


Return on Equity
-9.45


Return on Total Capital
-5.72


Return on Invested Capital
-5.82

Capital Structure

Total Debt to Total Equity
106.44


Total Debt to Total Capital
51.56


Total Debt to Total Assets
50.06


Long-Term Debt to Equity
100.40


Long-Term Debt to Total Capital
48.64





      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Jonathan Z. Cohen 
46
2012
Chairman



Mr. George Edward Carleton 
-
2017
President & Chief Operating Officer



Mr. Alan Frank Feldman 
53
2009
Chief Executive Officer & Director



Mr. Steven R. Saltzman 
52
2012
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Senior VP



Mr. David Edward Bloom 
51
2012
Senior Vice President





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}



/news/latest/company/us/rsrl

      MarketWatch News on RSRL
    
No News currently available for RSRL





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/rsrl

      Other News on RSRL
    




 10-Q: RESOURCE REAL ESTATE OPPORTUNITY REIT, INC.
5:24 p.m. May 12, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-K: RESOURCE REAL ESTATE OPPORTUNITY REIT II, INC.
6:19 a.m. March 31, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-K: RESOURCE REAL ESTATE OPPORTUNITY REIT, INC.
6:16 a.m. March 31, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: RESOURCE REAL ESTATE OPPORTUNITY REIT, INC.
5:14 p.m. Nov. 14, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: RESOURCE REAL ESTATE OPPORTUNITY REIT II, INC.
5:09 p.m. Nov. 14, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: RESOURCE REAL ESTATE OPPORTUNITY REIT II, INC.
5:03 p.m. Aug. 15, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: RESOURCE REAL ESTATE OPPORTUNITY REIT, INC.
4:40 p.m. Aug. 15, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)














At a Glance

Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT, Inc.
1845 Walnut Street
18th floor

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103




Phone
1 2152317050


Industry
Residential REITs


Sector
Real Estate/Construction


Fiscal Year-end
12/2015


View SEC Filings




Revenue
$100.27M


Net Income
$-46.18M


2014 Sales Growth 
125.3%


Employees

        -


Annual Report for RSRL











/news/pressrelease/company/us/rsrl

      Press Releases on RSRL
    
No News currently available for RSRL







Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




9:36 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:36aMeet the ‘Hamilton’ actors who fly cross-country and play up to 18 roles in the hit show
9:34aTrump’s time—and political capital—is quickly running out
9:33aConsumer Discretionary Select Sector SPDR ETF falls 1% as Amazon.com sinks 4.1%
9:31aDow Jones Industrial Average opens less than 0.1% lower
9:31aS&P 500 opens down 0.2%
9:31aNasdaq Composite Index opens down 0.6%
9:30aU.S. stocks open lower as tech, consumer discretionary shares fall
9:24aDollar turns lower for the week following GDP report
9:18aGet ready for the less-profitable Amazon that you used to know 
9:18a‘Skinny’ repeal of Obamacare fails to pass in late-night Senate vote
9:17aGold turns higher as dollar holds loss after GDP report shows as-expected rebound
9:14aScaramucci provides a shocking Bannon comparison that defies anatomy
9:13aStock futures trim losses after GDP data; tech shares weigh on Nasdaq 
9:12aMattel stock price target cut to $22 from $24 at D.A. Davidson
9:11aStarbucks stock price target cut to $67 from $70 at Instinet
9:11aMasterCard stock price target raised to $153 from $134 at Instinet
9:11aCan Snap fall even more as lockups expire?
9:10aA high-powered Florida couple announces their ‘Trump Divorce’
9:10aVerizon stock price target raised to $47 from $46 at Instinet
9:10aAmazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,788.27

-8.28
-0.04%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,350.48

-31.71
-0.50%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,471.25

-4.17
-0.17%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































