







Hedge Funds – Octafinance



















































 








Friday, 28 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated









Home » Hedge Funds 

Hedge Funds 

Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Hedge Funds and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/hedge-funds/.CaptchaSubmit
Hedge Funds Database
In our Free Hedge Funds Database we have listed more than 4000+ hedge funds and institutional investors. You can see the fund’s summary, employees, AUM, portfolio values, historical 13F, current portfolio, holdings, new positions, sector weights, sentiment, turnover, top 10 holdings and more.
What is a Hedge Fund? A Closer Look at Hedge Funds.
There are plenty of investment vehicles that financially savvy individuals can think about investing in or tracking. The hedge fund is just one of those, but it is also the one that is worth looking at. There’s an air of mystery about this type of investment vehicle, but it is not always a tough nut to crack. What investors need to do is to educate themselves on what hedge funds are and to understand what risks they should expect to expose their investments to.
How Do Hedge Funds Work?
Hedge funds are considered as viable alternatives to the existing forms of investment on the financial markets. However, it is not open to every individual investor. Rather, the funds are more ideal for people and institutions that have significant amount of assets that they want to be managed and grown. Managers typically pool together the assets of their clients to create a unified fund, and then they make their trades and investments using that single fund.
It is theoretically similar to mutual funds, but they differ in the techniques. That’s the reason why it’s not open to individual investors. There are significant risks involved – aside from traditional investment vehicles like the popular mutual funds and stock market options as well as bonds, hedge fund managers lean more towards high risk but sophisticated trading techniques to realize significant profits for their clients’ portfolio.
Adding to the risk exposure is the fact that hedge funds are not as closely regulated as the other financial instruments. Hedge fund managers are not always required to make filings and reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission, but that’s on a case to case basis. If the assets are large enough, the SEC will require reports. Hedge fund managers, however, are bound by law to protect their clients’ investments or face anti-fraud measures.
A Brief History of Hedge Funds
Hedge funds have a very long history. People and institutions began investing in this vehicle at the early 21st century. The funds never lost popularity over time. Before the recession hit, there was a total value of US$1.93 trillion being managed by hedge fund managers worldwide. The industry had a brief hiccup afterwards, because of the sub-prime mortgage crisis, but it eventually recovered. This is a testimony to how popular hedge funds really are, and how much investors are willing to trust their assets to managers.
Hedge fund assets totaled $2 trillion worldwide by April 2011, just three years after the crisis burst. By the third quarter of 2014, the worldwide value of assets under management or AUM is at $2.38 trillion and may continue to grow in the next years.
Hedge Fund Strategies
Hedge fund managers do not subscribe to a single strategy but, rather, they employ a combination of various strategies. It is not uncommon to find hedge fund managers putting some of the money in their management to purchase securities derivatives.
There are, however, some popular strategies that hedge fund managers acknowledge and use. Hedge fund managers will exercise any strategy and option within their discretion in response to several factors in the market.
Here are some of the strategies that hedge fund managers could use, either by itself or in tandem with other techniques in managing assets:

Global macro

This type of strategy relies on identifying macroeconomic events that take place around the world to make investment decisions. Managers generally look at the big picture globally to identify potential entry points for profitable investments. The Global Macro approach leverages multiple markets, and managers will employ long and short investment strategies to maximize profits from volatile market movements. This approach is very flexible, and very diversified as well because there are many variations of sub-strategy under this umbrella.

Directional

The directional strategy does not pay too much attention to what is happening to markets on a global basis. Instead, directional strategy dictates that fund managers look at each individual market movement when picking ideal investments. A typical action under this strategy is to invest in equities with an eye for the long term, and to couple that position with short-term buying and selling to hedge against risk.

Event-driven

Hedge fund managers following this philosophy are focused in following corporate events and leveraging their assets to earn from the market movement influenced by these occurrences. For instance, company consolidations and mergers can make possible upward movements in price. Event-driven hedge fund management will typically take positions before or after such events take place in order to leverage and earn profits from the price movements that occur. Even bankruptcy declarations can also spur action from event-driven hedge fund managers.

Relative value

Relative event hedge fund management focuses on finding price discrepancies and investing on those. This is the most technical of all the four management strategies discussed so far. Analysis is very comprehensive and somewhat holistic, as there are many types of analysis carried out under this strategy to identify the profitable price discrepancies.
How Do Hedge Fund Managers Approach Risk?
As mentioned above, hedge funds are not advisable for all types of investors because of the amount of risk involved in their operation. That is where risk mitigation comes in. In fact, managers operating in the hedge fund industry are described as being the most meticulous – they use the most stringent and the most precise means of protecting investments against the risks that the volatility of the market brings.
The most common method of reducing the risk exposure of managed assets is to diversify. The entirety of the funds used to set up the hedge funds are split between various investments, and varying investment positions. For instance, some of the funds may be put into long-term positions in low-risk, low-return funds that can steadily gain in the passage of time.
A portion of the funds may be invested in high-risk, high-return investment positions that the hedge fund manager may monitor in the short term, taking into consideration the risk factor and market environment.
In addition, hedge fund companies may employ risk officers. These are not people who are directly involved in trading, but have knowledge in how markets work. These risk officers will focus on identifying long and short-term risks to the assets under management, and will then work on creating a comprehensive risk management strategy that will be applied by the hedge fund managers for their managed assets.
Other techniques for managing risk in hedge funds include using risk management methodologies as well as operational due diligence.
Offshore and Onshore Hedge Funds
Because of their popularity and the global nature of their investment, hedge fund managers can be found all over the world. There are two types of hedge fund management companies, and they are the onshore and offshore hedge fund managers. Their differences lie mainly in the levying of tax on the investors’ earnings.
Offshore hedge fund managers give their investors the advantage of minimal tax consequences. For example, US-based investors who enjoy tax exemptions on their investments, particularly in retirement funds, will turn to offshore hedge funds. This helps them avoid being taxed for their income from the hedge funds.
On the other hand, if offshore hedge funds invest in instruments and securities in the United States, they can expect the US government to slap withholding taxes on their investments. However, there are no capital gains tax involved here – this is to make sure that offshore investors are not double-taxed for any increase on the value of their assets. Only their local jurisdiction has the legal right to levy any taxes on the investors for gains they see from their investments.
The presence of both onshore and offshore hedge management funds make the taxation more flexible and more personalized according to each investor’s personal expectations in taxation. In addition, it encourages global investment because of the measures imposed specifically to avoid the horrors of double-taxation – a common fear among investors who have eyes on diversifying globally.
Prominent Centers of Investment
The United States remains the center of global hedge fund management. 70% of the hedge fund managers that oversee the progress of global funds are based in the United States. The Securities and Exchange Commission has in its registry nearly 4,000 financial experts, as of April 2012, who handled management of hedge funds. These are found across the US, but most of them are based in New York City and Connecticut’s Gold Coast.
As for European hedge funds, London is the home of the managers with over 800 of them found in the city. In 2011, these firms were responsible for managing 85% of the hedge fund assets from continental Europe.
There is a growing market in Asia, particularly in Japan. Growing economic centers Hong Kong and Singapore are also experiencing a growth in hedge fund assets under management, but it will be some time before they achieve the demand in hedge fund managers enjoyed by the US and London in Europe. In fact, most of the hedge funds from Asia are managed by offshore companies based in these two centers.
Hedge Fund Industry – Assets Under Management




(USD Billions)
4rd Qtr 2014
3rd Qtr 2014
2nd Qtr 2014
1st Qtr 2014


Hedge Funds
$2478.6B
$2380.5B
$2339.4B
$2259.9B


Funds of Funds
$448.3B
$457.0B
$462.5B
$485.4B


Sectors






Convertible Arbitrage
$29.5B
$30.6B
$31.2B
$31.1B


Distressed Securities
$180.1B
$177.1B
$170.2B
$162.4B


Emerging Markets
$272.9B
$274.3B
$271.2B
$256.1B


Equity Long Bias
$208.8B
$203.1B
$200.9B
$194.6B


Equity Long/Short
$199.4B
$193.4B
$200.2B
$204.4B


Equity Long-Only
$130.5B
$125.2B
$125.2B
$116.8B


Equity Market Neutral
$43.4B
$37.9B
$34.1B
$32.2B


Event Driven
$290.9B
$285.1B
$275.6B
$251.0B


Fixed Income
$377.5B
$380.4B
$373.1B
$339.9B


Macro
$204.0B
$195.1B
$192.5B
$195.1B


Merger Arbitrage
$31.3B
$32.3B
$28.5B
$24.8B


Multi-Strategy
$276.1B
$264.2B
$254.0B
$276.5B


Other
$96.2B
$115.4B
$115.4B
$128.6B


Sector Specific
$138.1B
$131.7B
$132.2B
$127.6B



Hedge Funds are not the only alternative way to invest in the investment universe. A different class of investment are Managed Futures.

 
Commodity trading advisors are these that provide managed futures accounts or funds and they have very different return profile and correlations than hedge funds. Managed Futures offer a good way to diversify hedge fund or other traditional investments and in some cases could also offer lower minimum investment requirements. Because hedge funds are usually stock picking and don’t provide crisis alpha, managed funds which do, are a good way to avoid painful market correction.
Hedge Fund News
We offer completely free hedge fund news on more than 4000+ funds and their managers. Read about their traders, portfolios, strategies and returns. Don’t forget to also visit our hedge fund returns section where we have ranked the top 60 hedge funds by annualized returns since inception and listed their trading strategies and styles.

Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.












 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


Macro NewsChina Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking CrisisAre US – Russian Relations A Zero-Sum Game?US and Russia have launched direct talks on the conflict in SyriaYuan Drops as PBOC Cuts Reference Rate by Most Since DevaluationCould the market crash like 1987?—put volume spike argues low is nearCTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?Futures NewsVictor Sperandeo Believes the Risk/Reward for Commodities Is 1/10. Recommends 5%-10% Allocation: iPath Bloomberg Commodity exchange-traded note (DJP)For Commodities, It’s 2008 All Over Again. 18 of the 22 components in the Bloomberg Commodity Index have dropped at least 20%Morgan Stanley Joins’s Gold Bearish Camp And Sees The Possibility of Gold Decreasing to $800 Per OunceRussian Majors Rosneft, Gazprom and Lukoil sit pretty at US$60/bblFour Houston oil companies among Goldman Sachs’ picks for likely acquisition targets : EOG Resources (NYSE:EOG), Noble Energy (NYSE:NBL), Anadarko Petroleum (NYSE:APC) and Cabot Oil & Gas (NYSE:COG)






















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Resolution Capital










































OverviewPre-QualifyGet StartedCalculatorsMy AccountOverviewMonthly PaymentPayment ScheduleExtra PaymentHow Much Can I AffordHow Much Can I BorrowRent vs OwnFixed Rate Vs ARM15-Year vs 30-Year MortgageRefinance Interest SavingInterest onlyOverviewProfileLoan ProcessFormsLinksForms LibraryProductsHomeLoan CenterContact UsFAQResources











 




























































































Had a past bankruptcy or foreclosre...Ask about our second chance programs...







Borrow up to 95% of your home's value...







Past credit problems?  We can help!






 



 
Helping You Build a Brighter Future
Resolution Capital offers a full line of mortgage products to meet your needs. Whether you're buying a home, refinancing or need cash for debt consolidation or home improvement, we'll work hard to find the right loan for you.  
Our Philosophy of Building Customers for Life We have a strong and genuine belief in the "customer for life" principle of doing business: this is our number goal in every transaction. Referrals from happy, previous customers and local real estate professionals have always delivered most of our business.  
 
Click here for more information.  Click here to apply.







 **Many lenders are willing accept a "short refinance".  This means, you could refinance your home for less than the amount you actually owe.  While we do not negotiate directly with your lender, we will share helpful tips with you so you can.  Check with your tax professional to determine any tax liability. 
 
NMLS #2314 License Information 





Resolution Capital L.P.

 - 

Ph: 469-209-7098Fax: 214-452-0529NMLS License #2314Licenses · Privacy Policy































Resolution Capital |   Contact

























 

















 













 

















 























CONTACT DETAILS
For institutional queries contact:
Australia and New Zealand
Andrew Findlay
T +61 2 8970 7702
Andrew Chambers
T +61 3 9044 1100
Megan Jenner
T +61 2 9870 7724
 
North America
Andrew Chambers
T +61 3 9044 1100
 
UK, Europe, Asia and the Middle East
Andrew Findlay
T +61 2 8970 7702
 
For Fund unit holder queries contact:
T 1300 737 240
E contact@rescap.com
RESOLUTION CAPITAL LIMITED
Sydney address
Level 38, Australia Square
Sydney NSW 2000
GPO Box 553 Sydney NSW 2001
T +61 2 8258 9188
F +61 2 8258 9199
New York address
800 Westchester Avenue
Suite 641 North
Rye Brook, NY 10573, USA
T +1 914 697 7511

 


To Contact Us please complete the form below including the reCAPTCHA request.






         FIRST NAME*LAST NAME*EMAIL ADDRESS* PHONE* MESSAGE OR COMMENTENTER WORD VERIFICATION BELOW   Can't read the above security code? Refresh  SUBMITPowered by ARForms   (Unlicensed)
 

 























Resolution Capital Limited: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:34 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Resolution Capital Limited



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Resolution Capital Limited is an employee owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to corporations. It also caters to pooled investment vehicles. The firm manages separate client-focused equity portfolios. It also manages equity mutual funds. The firm invests in the public equity markets across the globe. The firm employs fundamental analysis, with a focus on bottom-up research to make its investments. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P/ASX 300 Property Trust Index, FTSE EPRA/NAREIT Developed Index, and the FTSE EPRA/NAREIT Developed Asia Index. The firm primarily invests in REITs, listed real estate vehicles, and offshore listed real est...
Resolution Capital Limited is an employee owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to corporations. It also caters to pooled investment vehicles. The firm manages separate client-focused equity portfolios. It also manages equity mutual funds. The firm invests in the public equity markets across the globe. The firm employs fundamental analysis, with a focus on bottom-up research to make its investments. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P/ASX 300 Property Trust Index, FTSE EPRA/NAREIT Developed Index, and the FTSE EPRA/NAREIT Developed Asia Index. The firm primarily invests in REITs, listed real estate vehicles, and offshore listed real estate trusts, companies, and in the stocks of companies operating in the real estate sector. Resolution Capital Limited is based in Sydney, Australia.
Detailed Description


Level 38Australia Square264 George StreetSydney, NSW 2000Australia



Phone: 61 2 8258 9188

Fax: 61 2 8258 9199

www.resolutioncapital.com.au







Key Executives for Resolution Capital Limited




Ms. Bridget Louise Hill CPA


      	Chief Operating Officer
      








Mr. Andrew Gerard Parsons


      	Managing Director and Senior Portfolio Manager
      


Age: 51
        







Mr. Ian Macoun CFA, B Com, MFM, Dip FinSer (FP), FCPA, FAICD


      	Director
      








Mr. Marco Colantonio


      	Portfolio Manager and Director
      


Age: 46
        







Ms. Rachel Alison Weld


      	Portfolio Manager, and Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Resolution Capital Limited Key Developments

Resolution Capital Limited Presents at EPRA Annual Conference, Sep-06-2016
Sep 3 16
Resolution Capital Limited Presents at EPRA Annual Conference, Sep-06-2016 . Venue: Paris, France. Speakers: Andrew Gerard Parsons, Managing Director and Senior Portfolio Manager.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 333 Capital Pty Ltd. Asia 708 Capital Pty Ltd Asia 708 Group Pty. Ltd. Asia 88 Active Pty. Ltd. Asia A & K Merc Pty. Ltd. Asia




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Resolution Capital Limited, please visit www.resolutioncapital.com.au.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Resolution Capital |   GLOBAL PROPERTY SECURITIES FUND

























 

















 













 

















 























Global Property Securities Fund

 


Global Property Securities Fund
FUND PERFORMANCE (After all fees)
A$30,000 Invested Since Inception






*FTSE EPRA NAREIT Developed Index (AUD Hedged) Net TRI
Note: From 1 April 2015, the benchmark changed from UBS Global Real Estate Investor Index (AUD Hedged) Net TR to FTSE EPRA/NAREIT Developed Index (AUD Hedged) Net TRI.

 


Inception date: 30 September 2008

 



















APPLY NOW


UNIT PRICING
as at 27 July 2017



Global Property Securities Fund – Class A (Performance Fee) APIR WHT0015AU
ARSN-128 122 118


Entry Price
Exit Price


1.6011
1.5915








NET PERFORMANCE
as at 30 JUNE 2017




1mth
%
3mth
%
1yr
%
3yr
%p.a.
7yr
%p.a.
Inception
%p.a.*


FUND1
0.6
4.0
5.7
10.3
14.4
11.0


INDEX2
0.5
2.1
2.2
8.2
13.4
7.7


ALPHA
0.1
1.9
3.5
2.1
1.0
3.3



*Inception Date: 30/09/08
1Global Property Securities Fund – Class A (Performance Fee)
2From 1 April 2015 the benchmark changed from UBS Global Real Estate Investor Index (AUD Hedged) Net TRI to FTSE EPRA NAREIT Developed Index (AUD Hedged) Net TRI.




DISTRIBUTION HISTORY – CPU



Global Property Securities Fund – Class A (Performance Fee)


30 Jun 2017
31 Dec 2016


3.5899
0.4002








INVESTOR RESOURCES
Resolution Capital Global Property Securities
Fund Product Disclosure Statement (107 KB)
Resolution Capital Global Property Securities
Fund Additional Information to PDS (117 KB)
Application Form (1 MB)
Additional Investment Form (388 KB)
Redemption Request Form (314 KB)
Change of Details Form (393 KB)




Reports
Global Annual Financial Report
June 2016 (673 KB)
Latest Monthly Report (110 KB)
Latest Quarterly Report (672 KB)

 


All Unitholder requests should be directed to Resolution Capital on 1300 737 240 or via email contact@rescap.com
The Resolution Capital Global Property Securities Fund (‘the Global Fund’) gives investors exposure to the underlying returns of some of the world’s highest quality real estate assets through a professionally managed portfolio of global real estate investment trusts (‘REITs’) and property companies.
Investment Style
Resolution Capital is a value-oriented investment manager with the objective of delivering superior risk-adjusted returns over the long-term relative to recognised industry benchmarks. This is achieved through investment in a concentrated portfolio of carefully selected listed real estate securities with an emphasis on avoiding permanent impairment of capital. Securities in which the Fund invests are diversified across a range of real estate sectors and geographic regions, focusing on investments in the developed markets of North America, the U.K, Europe and Asia Pacific.
Investment Objective
The Global Fund’s investment objective is to exceed the total returns of the Benchmark after fees on a rolling 3 year basis. In doing so, the Global Fund aims to provide Investors with a level of distributable income combined with the potential for long term capital growth sourced from global real estate based revenue streams. Resolution Capital intends to hedge the capital component of the Fund.
Benchmark
The Benchmark for the Global Fund is the FTSE EPRA NAREIT Developed Index (AUD Hedged) Net TRI.
From 1 April 2015 the benchmark changed from UBS Global Real Estate Investor Index (AUD Hedged) Net TRI to FTSE EPRA NAREIT Developed Index (AUD Hedged) Net TRI.
Advisers
Our fund is open to investments directly via the PDS and the platforms listed below. To obtain details about the fund’s ratings or Approved Product List inclusions, please contact the Pinnacle distribution team on 1300 010 311.
PLATFORM AVAILABILITY
– AMP North
– AMP PortfolioCare
– AMP Wealthview
– ANZ Oasis
– ASGARD
– BT Wrap
– CBA First Wrap
– IOOF Portfolio Service
– IOOF Pursuit
– HUB24
– Macquarie Wrap
– MLC Navigator
– Netwealth




FRequently asked questions



APPLICATIONS





How do I invest?

Click “APPLY NOW”, or refer to the Investor Resources section of the relevant fund page on our website, to download and complete the Application Form. Mail the completed form to the Fund Administrator, RBC Investor Services Trust:
[Fund Name]
C/- RBC Investor Services Trust – Registry Operations
GPO Box 4471
SYDNEY NSW 2001

Can I fax or email through the Application Form?

No, the original Application Form must be posted. As stated in Section 3 of the Application Form, only existing clients whose details as held by the Registry have not changed can fax through their Application Form.

What day will I get my application processed?

Applications received prior to 12:00pm Sydney time (on a Sydney business day) are deemed to be received that day. Applications received after 12:00pm Sydney time are deemed to be received the next business day. Note that applications are only processed once the Registry receives the correctly completed Application Form and are satisfied with the AML/CTF and other verification information.

Can the account be solely under a minor’s name?

No. An adult or guardian must open the account on behalf of the minor (i.e. acting as trustee for the minor). The account will include the name of the adult. As such, information of the adult and the minor must be recorded in the Application Form.

If I provide my adviser access to my account information per Section 6 of Application Form, are they authorised to act on my account?

No, they are not. Advisers will only be copied in on your transaction statements, investor communication and Annual Financial Reports UNLESS you choose to nominate them as an authorised representative. Refer to the ‘Authorised Representative” section of this FAQ.

If I am acting under a Power of Attorney (POA), do I have to provide a certified copy of the POA?

Yes. Attach an original certified copy of the Power of Attorney. The front page and the signature pages of the document must be certified at a minimum. Provide an original certified copy of identification documents for the Attorney(s) as required for individuals (i.e. current Australian driver’s licence or passport) or company (refer to C.6 or D.6 of section 2 of the Application Form). All Attorneys must be identified.

Can I request for my initial investment to be direct debited?

No. We cannot direct debit your initial investment.

If I have provided the payment but you have questions on my Application Form, will my application be processed?

No. A correctly completed Application Form and satisfactory AML/CTF and other verification information must be received by the Registry before your application can be processed.

If my cheque is addressed to the Fund Name, will it be processed?

No. Your cheque MUST be addressed and made payable as stipulated in Section 3 of the Application Form. This is a requirement of the Registry. The Responsible Entity and Investment Manager have no discretion in the matter.




IDENTIFICATION DOCUMENTS





What other documents can be provided if a person does not have a current Australian driver’s licence or passport?

Click here for full list of acceptable identification documents in this situation.

Can I use an expired Australian driver’s licence or passport as identification?

The Australian driver’s licence must be valid and cannot be expired. An Australian passport that has expired within the preceding 2 years is acceptable.

Who is an acceptable certifier?

Click here for a full list of persons both in Australia and outside of Australia who are acceptable certifiers.

What information needs to be included by the certifier?

The person certifying the document will need to include the following information on the photocopy:

I. “I certify that this is a true copy of the original document”;
II. the certifier’s:

– full name; and
– occupation, qualification, position or registration number (if any), which makes them eligible to certify documents;

III. the date the document was signed; and
IV. the certifier’s signature.

Please note that the certification must be in original wet ink and the certifier cannot provide certification for themselves or their family member. If the certification is not acceptable, you may be asked for new certified documents.

Can I send a copy or scan of a certified document?

No. You must send us the original certified copy of the document. That is, the original signature of the certifier on the photocopied document.

If I have to provide a certified copy of a trust deed, can I provide excerpts?

Yes. However, you MUST provide the certified copy of the following pages of the trust deed:

I. The cover page;
II. The page which documents the name of the trust and the trustee (preferably on the same page in order to verify the relationship);
III. The page with the date of the trust deed;
IV. The signed pages of the trust deed;
V. The page that lists the name and/or class of beneficiaries of the trust; and
VI. The page which documents the name of the settlor.





AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES





What does an authorised representative mean?

A person or company appointed as your authorised representative is authorised by you to: apply for units in the Fund(s) and sign all documents necessary for this purpose; make requests to redeem all or some of your units (receipt by the authorised representative or as directed by the authorised representative fully discharges our redemption obligations to you); and make written requests for information regarding your investment. Please refer to the PDS for the applicable terms in appointing an authorised representative.

How do I appoint an authorised representative?

You can appoint an authorised representative at any time by completing the relevant Authorised Representative Form (Individual or Company) and post the original together with accompanying documents to the Registry.

Is the authorised representative required to be verified for AML/CTF purposes?

Yes. Please also provide an original certified copy of documents as stated on the Authorised Representative Form.

How do I remove an authorised representative?

You can cancel your appointment of the authorised representative by giving us 14 days prior notice in writing. You may post or fax your signed written instruction to the Registry. If the instruction is posted, please allow for sufficient time for the Registry to receive the document when determining the date on which the 14 days notice period begins.
Post:
[Fund Name]
C/- RBC Investor Services Trust – Registry Operations
GPO Box 4471
SYDNEY NSW 2001
 
Fax during business hours:
[Fund Name] [Investor Name]
C/- RBC Investor Services Trust – Registry Operations
+612 8262 5492




ADDITIONAL INVESTMENT





How do I make additional investments in a current account?

You can complete an Additional Investment Form or send a written instruction that is signed by the authorised signatories to the account. The Additional Investment Form can be found within the Investor Resources section of the relevant Funds page on our website. This can be faxed or posted to the details provided on the form. The minimum additional investment amount is $5,000 per fund or as agreed with the Responsible Entity. If you are an indirect investor, please contact your IDPS operator for information on how to make an additional investment.
Please forward a cheque or money order, or alternatively, you can electronically transfer the funds into our Fund Administrator’s bank account, remembering to include your investor number in the transfer details. Bank account details are also provided on the Form.

Can I fax the additional investment instruction?

Yes.
Fax during business hours:
[Fund Name] [Investor Name]
C/- RBC Investor Services Trust – Registry Operations
+612 8262 5492

As an existing investor, can I use the Additional Investment Form to invest in another fund managed by Resolution Capital?

No. You will have to complete an Application Form and include your current account number in Section 1 of the Application Form. If none of your existing details have changed then the Application Form can be faxed to the Registry.




REDEMPTIONS





How do I redeem from a current account?

You can withdraw part or all of your investment at any time by completing a Redemption Request Form, which can be found within the Investor Resources section of the relevant Funds page on our website. Once completed you can fax or post it to the Fund Administrator as per the details provided on the form.
Note, there is a minimum redemption amount of $5,000 and the minimum balance required is $30,000.

If my balance falls below the minimum investment balance of the Fund, do I have to make a full redemption?

Please refer to the relevant PDS and note that if your account balance is less than the minimum investment balance, we may treat your withdrawal request as being for your entire investment. In which case, we will provide you with advance notice before processing your redemption request.

Are there any exit fees?

No, Resolution Capital does not charge entry or exit fees on any of its products.

Can I fax the redemption request?

Yes.
Fax during business hours:
[Fund Name] [Investor Name]
C/- RBC Investor Services Trust – Registry Operations
+612 8262 5492

Can I change the bank account details that are currently held by the Registry on the redemption request instruction?

You may update your bank account details at the same time as submitting your redemption request by using the Redemption Request Form.
Please note that proceeds cannot be made to third party bank accounts. The nominated bank account name must be in the same name as the investor(s).

When will my redemption request be processed?

Please refer to the PDS and note that when you withdraw, your units will be redeemed based on the exit price for the business day on which your withdrawal request is processed. Redemption requests must be received by the Registry prior to the cut-off time 12.00pm Sydney time. Withdrawal requests received after that time, or on a non-business day, will be treated as being received on the next business day.




CHANGE OF DETAILS / TRANSFERS / SWITCHING





How do I notify you of changes to my details?

(a) Complete the Change of Details Form which can be found within the Investor Resources section of the relevant Funds page on our website, or draft a letter with the following details:

I. Date
II. Name of Fund
III. Account name
IV. Account number
V. Nature of change

(b) Signed by authorised signatories (in accordance with your Application Form)
(c) Post or fax to the Registry
Post:
[Fund Name]
C/- RBC Investor Services Trust – Registry Operations
GPO Box 4471
SYDNEY NSW 2001
Fax during business hours:
[Fund Name] [Investor Name]
C/- RBC Investor Services Trust – Registry Operations
+612 8262 5492

How do I transfer my units into another name?

Transferring your investment or part thereof into another name is likely to have taxation implications so you should check with your financial adviser or taxation consultant first. Should you wish to proceed, please complete an Australian Standard Transfer Form (ASTF) along with a new Application Form, providing the required identification and/or documentation as requested on the Application Form for the new entity. Post these forms together to the Fund Administrator as per the details provided on the application form, along with your instructions including:

I. Existing client number
II. Name in which the existing investment is held
III. Quantity of units to be transferred
IV. Daytime contact details
V. Signature of the authorised investor(s)


Can I switch my investment to a different Resolution Capital Fund?

You may switch from one Resolution Capital Fund to another Resolution Capital Fund at any time. A switch operates as a withdrawal of units in one Fund and the investment of units in the other Fund, and therefore may have taxation implications. Please contact a licensed financial or taxation adviser for further information. There is no switching fee applicable, however a buy/sell spread or a contribution fee may apply to the relevant Fund(s) at the time of the switch. Before making a decision to switch, you should read the relevant PDS.
Should you wish to proceed, you will need to complete an Investment Switch Form which then needs to be faxed or posted to the Fund Administrator as per the details provided on the form.




TAX / DISTRIBUTIONS





Do I need to quote my tax file number (TFN)?

Investors may choose not to quote their tax file number but Resolution Capital will be required by law to deduct tax at the highest marginal tax rate plus the Medicare levy before paying distributions.
 

What are the tax implications of investing?

If you have supplied your tax file number, Resolution Capital’s distributions are made on a pre-tax basis and as such may be counted as income to the investor. When redeeming investments, any gains or losses in the principal investment will be treated as capital gain or loss for taxation purposes.
 

What options do I have to receive my distributions?

You can elect to have your distributions paid directly deposited into your nominated bank account or reinvested in the Fund.
 

How do I change how I am paid my distribution?

To change how you receive your distributions, complete the Change of Details Form or draft a letter with the following details:

I. Client number
II. Name in which the existing investment is held
III. How you would like to receive your distribution i.e. direct deposit (include BSB, account number, financial institution name, name in which the account is held), or distribution reinvestment.
IV. Daytime contact details
V. Signature of the authorised investor(s)

Fax or post it to the Fund Administrator:
[Fund Name]
C/- RBC Investor Services Trust – Registry Operations
GPO Box 4471
SYDNEY NSW 2001
Fax: +612 8262 5492

When are distributions paid?

Resolution Capital normally pays a distribution two times a year in the month following the period ending 31 December and 30 June. Distribution payments are not guaranteed as they are subject to the earnings of the Fund.




TAX CERTIFICATIONS (FATCA AND CRS)





Why do I have to provide tax certifications?

Tax evasion is a global problem and international cooperation and sharing of high quality, predictable information between revenue authorities will help them ensure compliance with local tax laws.
Australia is participating in both the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (‘FATCA’), which was enacted by the United States (U.S.) Congress and the Common Reporting Standard (‘CRS’), which was developed by the OECD.
FATCA
Australia and the US have signed an Intergovernmental Agreement (‘IGA’) to implement the FATCA requirements in Australia. Under the IGA, Australian financial institutions report to the Australian Taxation Office (‘ATO’) and the information is made available to the IRS. The Fund is therefore required to request information from you to determine whether you are a US Person or Specified US Person and where applicable, provide information to the ATO.
You may review the ATO website and the IGA or consult your tax advisor should you wish to understand the implications or compliance obligations of FATCA to your particular circumstances. The Responsible Entity and the Fund are not liable for any loss an investor may suffer as a result of the Fund’s compliance with FATCA.
CRS
Under the CRS, we are required to determine the country in which you are a ‘tax resident’ (this will usually be where you are liable to pay income taxes). If your tax residence (or the Controlling Person) is located outside of Australia, we may be legally obliged to pass on the information in this form and other financial information with respect to your financial accounts to the ATO and they may exchange this information with tax authorities of another jurisdiction or jurisdictions pursuant to intergovernmental agreements to exchange financial account information. Even if you have already provided information in relation to FATCA, you may still need to provide additional information for the CRS as this is a separate regulation.
 
Providing your tax certifications will ensure that we hold accurate and up to date information about your tax residency.
 
You may review the ATO website and the IGA (FATCA) and the OECD automatic exchange of information portal (CRS) or consult your tax advisor should you wish to understand the implications or compliance obligations of FATCA and CRS to your particular circumstances. The Responsible Entity and the Fund are not liable for any loss an investor may suffer as a result of the Fund’s compliance with FATCA and CRS.
 

Can I attach self certification forms (e.g. W8BENE and CRS forms) instead of answering the tax certification questions on the Application Form?

Yes, for non-individuals, we do accept original or certified copy of self-certification forms.
 

Can I have more information on FATCA and CRS related terms?

Click here for a Glossary outlining further definitions and explanations for FATCA and CRS related terms.







As of 30 June 2016 The Morningstar Analyst Rating™ for the Resolution Capital Global Property Securities Fund is ‘Gold’.
Morningstar Disclaimer:
© [2016] Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Neither Morningstar, its affiliates, nor the content providers guarantee the data or content contained herein to be accurate, complete or timely nor will they have any liability for its use or distribution. Any general advice or ‘class service’ have been prepared by Morningstar Australasia Pty Ltd (ABN: 95 090 665 544, AFSL: 240892) and/or Morningstar Research Ltd, subsidiaries of Morningstar, Inc, without reference to your objectives, financial situation or needs. Refer to our Financial Services Guide (FSG) for more information at www.morningstar.com.au/s/fsg.pdf. You should consider the advice in light of these matters and if applicable, the relevant Product Disclosure Statement (Australian products) or Investment Statement (New Zealand products) before making any decision to invest. Our publications, ratings and products should be viewed as an additional investment resource, not as your sole source of information. Past performance does not necessarily indicate a financial product’s future performance. To obtain advice tailored to your situation, contact a professional financial adviser. Some material is copyright and published under licence from ASX Operations Pty Ltd ACN 004 523 782 (“ASXO”).




Zenith Disclaimer:
The Zenith Investment Partners (“Zenith”) Australian Financial Services License No. 226872 highly recommended rating (WHT0015AU rating issued July 2017) referred to in this document is limited to “General Advice” (as defined by the Corporations Act 2001) for Wholesale clients only. This advice has been prepared without taking into account the objectives, financial situation or needs of any individual. It is not a specific recommendation to purchase, sell or hold the relevant product(s). Investors should seek independent financial advice before making an investment decision and should consider the appropriateness of this advice in light of their own objectives, financial situation and needs. Investors should obtain a copy of, and consider the PDS or offer document before making any decision and refer to the full Zenith Product Assessment available on the Zenith website. Zenith usually charges the product issuer, fund manager or a related party to conduct Product Assessments. Full details regarding Zenith’s methodology, ratings definitions and regulatory compliance are available on our Product Assessment’s and at http://www.zenithpartners.com.au/RegulatoryGuidelines.

 



 


















﻿







Resolution Capital Ltd – Octafinance


















































 








Friday, 28 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated









Home » Hedge Funds » Resolution Capital Ltd 

Resolution Capital Ltd 

Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Resolution Capital Ltd and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/hedge-funds/resolution-capital-ltd/.CaptchaSubmit






Portfolio Q32016Market Value:$1,559,099,000Previous Mkt Value:$1,520,014,000Chg Mkt Value %:2.57 % Sentiment:BullishTurnover %:5.18 %




Stocks ActivityNew Purchases:4Additional Purchases:11Sold out:1Reduced:12Top 10 Holdings %:65.14%






Resolution Capital Ltd Portfolio Holdings
13F Report Date: 9/30/2016



RANKTICKER / SECURITYTICKERVALUE (X1000)SHARES% PORT% PREV% AUM% CHGCHG 
SHARESCHGSECTOR NAMESECTOR WEIGHT 



RANKTICKER / SECURITYTICKERVALUE (X1000)SHARES% PORT% PREV% AUM% CHGCHG 
SHARESCHGSECTOR NAMESECTOR WEIGHT 




                    1		

                    SPG - SIMON PPTY GROUP INC NEW		

                    SPG		

                    220,791		

                    1,066,572		

                    14.16		

                    14.86		

                    7.53		

                    2.39		

                    24,943		

                    Up		

                    FINANCE		

                    0.84		



                    2		

                    GGP - GENERAL GROWTH PPTYS INC NEW		

                    GGP		

                    144,672		

                    5,241,727		

                    9.28		

                    8.92		

                    4.93		

                    15.23		

                    692,900		

                    Up		

                    INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY		

                    0.09		



                    3		

                    EQIX - EQUINIX INC		

                    EQIX		

                    106,560		

                    295,795		

                    6.83		

                    7.68		

                    3.63		

                    -1.69		

                    -5,097		

                    Down		

                    INDUSTRIALS		

                    0.03		



                    4		

                    KRC - KILROY RLTY CORP		

                    KRC		

                    101,935		

                    1,469,866		

                    6.54		

                    5.74		

                    3.47		

                    11.71		

                    154,047		

                    Up		

                    UTILITIES & TELECOMMUNICATIONS		

                    0.01		



                    5		

                    ESRT - EMPIRE ST RLTY TR INC		

                    ESRT		

                    101,626		

                    4,850,871		

                    6.52		

                    5.18		

                    3.46		

                    17.02		

                    705,550		

                    Up		







                    6		

                    ARE - ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQ IN		

                    ARE		

                    86,461		

                    794,894		

                    5.55		

                    4.83		

                    2.95		

                    12.01		

                    85,247		

                    Up		







                    7		

                    ELS - EQUITY LIFESTYLE PPTYS INC		

                    ELS		

                    77,696		

                    1,006,686		

                    4.98		

                    5.63		

                    2.65		

                    -5.84		

                    -62,450		

                    Down		







                    8		

                    DRH - DIAMONDROCK HOSPITALITY CO		

                    DRH		

                    60,279		

                    6,624,112		

                    3.87		

                    4.09		

                    2.05		

                    -3.82		

                    -262,845		

                    Down		







                    9		

                    PSA - PUBLIC STORAGE		

                    PSA		

                    59,690		

                    267,501		

                    3.83		

                    0.78		

                    2.03		

                    474.14		

                    220,909		

                    Up		







                    10		

                    BRX - BRIXMOR PPTY GROUP INC		

                    BRX		

                    55,740		

                    2,005,757		

                    3.58		

                    0.00		

                    1.90		



                    2,005,757		

                    New		







                    11		

                    DEI - DOUGLAS EMMETT INC		

                    DEI		

                    54,023		

                    1,474,834		

                    3.47		

                    3.82		

                    1.84		

                    -9.86		

                    -161,350		

                    Down		







                    12		

                    EQC - EQUITY COMWLTH		

                    EQC		

                    50,299		

                    1,664,438		

                    3.23		

                    0.00		

                    1.71		



                    1,664,438		

                    New		







                    13		

                    VTR - VENTAS INC		

                    VTR		

                    48,271		

                    683,434		

                    3.10		

                    8.16		

                    1.65		

                    -59.86		

                    -1,019,350		

                    Down		







                    14		

                    IRM - IRON MTN INC NEW		

                    IRM		

                    47,701		

                    1,271,018		

                    3.06		

                    1.04		

                    1.63		

                    220.26		

                    874,144		

                    Up		







                    15		

                    AKR - ACADIA RLTY TR		

                    AKR		

                    47,211		

                    1,302,733		

                    3.03		

                    2.95		

                    1.61		

                    3.05		

                    38,500		

                    Up		







                    16		

                    URBAN EDGE PPTYS		



                    44,966		

                    1,597,943		

                    2.88		

                    3.98		

                    1.53		

                    -21.06		

                    -426,352		

                    Down		







                    17		

                    PLD - PROLOGIS INC		

                    PLD		

                    40,407		

                    754,712		

                    2.59		

                    2.48		

                    1.38		

                    -1.83		

                    -14,100		

                    Down		







                    18		

                    ACC - AMERICAN CAMPUS CMNTYS INC		

                    ACC		

                    36,903		

                    725,429		

                    2.37		

                    2.45		

                    1.26		

                    3.04		

                    21,400		

                    Up		







                    19		

                    INXN - INTERXION HOLDING N.V		

                    INXN		

                    35,343		

                    975,783		

                    2.27		

                    2.23		

                    1.20		

                    6.01		

                    55,350		

                    Up		







                    20		

                    TRNO - TERRENO RLTY CORP		

                    TRNO		

                    30,542		

                    1,110,214		

                    1.96		

                    1.82		

                    1.04		

                    4.00		

                    42,700		

                    Up		







                    21		

                    EQR - EQUITY RESIDENTIAL		

                    EQR		

                    24,981		

                    388,325		

                    1.60		

                    4.88		

                    0.85		

                    -63.94		

                    -688,631		

                    Down		







                    22		

                    CUBE - CUBESMART		

                    CUBE		

                    21,188		

                    777,260		

                    1.36		

                    3.16		

                    0.72		

                    -50.02		

                    -777,775		

                    Down		







                    23		

                    FRT - FEDERAL REALTY INVT TR		

                    FRT		

                    21,123		

                    137,225		

                    1.35		

                    3.93		

                    0.72		

                    -61.98		

                    -223,712		

                    Down		







                    24		

                    WRE - WASHINGTON REAL ESTATE INVT		

                    WRE		

                    19,010		

                    610,868		

                    1.22		

                    0.00		

                    0.65		



                    610,868		

                    New		







                    25		

                    ESS - ESSEX PPTY TR INC		

                    ESS		

                    12,220		

                    54,874		

                    0.78		

                    0.93		

                    0.42		

                    -11.35		

                    -7,026		

                    Down		







                    26		

                    AMT - AMERICAN TOWER CORP NEW		

                    AMT		

                    9,461		

                    83,484		

                    0.61		

                    0.00		

                    0.32		



                    83,484		

                    New		







                    27		

                    DLR - DIGITAL RLTY TR INC		

                    DLR		

                    0		

                    0		

                    0.00		

                    0.45		

                    0.00		

                    -100.00		

                    -62,866		

                    Sold All		










RESOLUTION CAPITAL Sector Weightings & New Holdings






Top 5 New BuysBrixmor Ppty Group Inc3.58%Equity Comwlth3.23%Washington Real Estate Invt1.22%American Tower Corp New0.61%-




13F Sector AllocationFinance84 %Information Technology9 %Industrials3 %Utilities & Telecommunications1 %-






RESOLUTION CAPITAL AUM, Portfolio Value and Historical 13F
Resolution Capital Ltd had $2.93 billion assets under management as of Monday, September 29, 2014. The historical portfolio values of the fund were: 
$156,876,000 in 2006Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$170,308,000 in 2007Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$183,499,000 in 2007Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$174,832,000 in 2007Q3 – 13F Filing Available
$142,645,000 in 2007Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$157,201,000 in 2008Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$132,579,000 in 2008Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$172,159,000 in 2008Q3 – 13F Filing Available
$123,637,000 in 2008Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$96,173,000 in 2009Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$131,173,000 in 2009Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$166,941,000 in 2009Q3 – 13F Filing Available
$202,420,000 in 2009Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$193,250,000 in 2010Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$164,246,000 in 2010Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$192,586,000 in 2010Q3 – 13F Filing Available
$217,280,000 in 2010Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$219,933,000 in 2011Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$226,218,000 in 2011Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$166,631,000 in 2011Q3 – 13F Filing Available
$208,166,000 in 2011Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$278,815,000 in 2012Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$254,177,000 in 2012Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$476,887,000 in 2012Q3 – 13F Filing Available
$608,165,000 in 2012Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$639,121,000 in 2013Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$730,011,000 in 2013Q3 – 13F Filing Available
$838,734,000 in 2013Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$986,123,000 in 2014Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$1,032,138,000 in 2014Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$976,681,000 in 2014Q3 – 13F Filing Available
$1,281,625,000 in 2014Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$1,162,040,000 in 2015Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$1,153,612,000 in 2015Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$1,183,103,000 in 2015Q3 – 13F Filing Available
$1,370,894,000 in 2015Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$1,415,715,000 in 2016Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$1,520,014,000 in 2016Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$1,559,099,000 in 2016Q3 – 13F Filing Available
*Institutional Portfolio Holdings information is filed by institutions with over $100 million in AUM on form 13F with the SEC.
*% AUM is the stock or security value as a percentage of the assets under management. AUM is taken from the latest fund filed SEC Adv. 
*The portfolio holdings report is limited to stocks and stock options of common and other shares, convertible preferred and convertible bonds. The report does not include cash, real estate and fixed income securities.
*Sentiment could be wrong because the fund might have increase or decrease its portfolio because of investments inflow or because an increase in short positions.


Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.












 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


Macro NewsChina Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking CrisisAre US – Russian Relations A Zero-Sum Game?US and Russia have launched direct talks on the conflict in SyriaYuan Drops as PBOC Cuts Reference Rate by Most Since DevaluationCould the market crash like 1987?—put volume spike argues low is nearCTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?

























Resolution Capital Ltd/United Kingdom: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























resolution capital ltd/united kingdom
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Resolution Capital Limited operates as an investment management firm. The Company invests in private equity, mutual funds, fixed income, and mortgage markets. Resolution Capital serves clients in the United Kingdom.




Corporate Information
Address:

2 Queen Anne's Gate
London, SW1H 9AA
United Kingdom


Phone:
44-20-3372-2900


Fax:
44-20-3372-2999


Web url:
www.resolution.co.uk























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data








































Resolution Capital Management specializes in distressed mortgage debt for above-market returns




































































































 





WE PURCHASE DISTRESSED RESIDENTIAL DEBT 
		

To help borrowers stay in their homes 
		







We Add Value 
		

To Local Communities 
		

Through Responsible 
Investing 
		

While delivering superior returns to our investors 
		

LEARN MORE





 













 




WHAT WE DO
We source distressed mortgages via relationships with banks, hedge funds, and private equity groups. These assets may be purchased as ‘one-offs’ or as a small pool of mortgages.
Click here for more info…







HOW WE DO IT
By acquiring defaulted or distressed mortgages and working with the borrower to modify their loan, we help borrowers remain in their home and deliver superior returns for the benefit of our investors. .
Click here for more info…







THE OPPORTUNITY
With over $220 billion of extremely distressed mortgage debt being sold on the secondary market by banks, there has never been a better time to leverage the opportunity in distressed debt.
Click here for more info…


 




 




Why Invest in Mortgage Notes?
Most investors are unhappy with the poor performance from 401k, savings, CDs, bonds and money market accounts, and today’s stock and mutual fund markets are wildly unpredictable. Investing in mortgage notes yield much higher returns on average than any of the previously mentioned investment vehicles.
Investing in mortgage notes (sometimes referred to simply as “notes” or “paper”) is safer, more predictable, and yields much higher returns on average than any of the previously mentioned investment vehicles. We purchase distressed debt and “become the bank” with total control over our investment. The note is secured by a 1st lien on the property, affording us numerous ways to exit safely and profitably, with returns on our capital investment typically ranging from 12-15% or higher. Click Here To Learn More


 






Please Share This





Tweet





Share





Plus one





Pin It












DISCLOSURE STATEMENT: 
THIS IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL SECURITIES. ANY PERSON, ENTITY, OR ORGANIZATION MUST FIRST BE QUALIFIED BY THE COMPANY AND READ ALL OF THE OFFERING DOCUMENTS AND ATTEST TO READING AND FULLY UNDERSTANDING SUCH DOCUMENTS. Resolution Capital Management LLC AND ITS AFFILIATES ARE NOT LICENSED SECURITIES DEALERS OR BROKERS AND AS SUCH, DO NOT HOLD THEMSELVES TO BE. THIS WEBSITE SHOULD BE CONSTRUED AS INFORMATIONAL AND NOT AS AN ADVERTISEMENT SOLICITING FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. ALL SECURITIES HEREIN DISCUSSED HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED OR APPROVED BY ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AGENCY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS.
 Resolution Capital Management LLC • Kingston, WA 98346 • 360.850.1252 • Fax: 206.337.0496 • Click Here To Email • Terms of Use • Privacy Policy • Disclaimer

















 














