
  RSRL:OTC US Stock Quote - Resource Real Estate Opportunity Reit Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Resource Real Estate Opportunity Reit Inc   RSRL:US   OTC US      Price not available for RSRL:US   USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding   -    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT, Inc. operates as a real estate trust. The Company focuses on acquiring a portfolio of commercial real estate and real estate related assets. Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT serves customers in the United States.    Address  1845 Walnut Street18th FloorPhiladelphia, PA 19103United States   Phone  1-215-231-7050   Website   www.resourcereit.com     Executives Board Members    Alan Frank Feldman  Chief Executive Officer    George Edward Carleton  President/COO    Steven R Saltzman  Senior VP/CFO/Treasurer    Michele R Weisbaum  Senior VP/Chief Legal Officer    David Edward Bloom  Senior Vice President     Show More             Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT II                                       Home About Us  InvestmentStrategy PropertyPortfolio  Prospectus& SEC Filings Contact Us Log In    











OFFERING CLOSED





			Investment Objectives:Income, Protection, Growth
			
> Read More











Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


      Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT, Inc.  |  Overview                  

 

Prospectus & Supplements
Updated: July 2012

» Prospectus




Adobe Acrobat Readeris required to view the file.To download a free copy ofReader, click here.         Home  |             Investment Strategy  |  Properties  |  Prospectus/SEC Filings  |  Investor Relations  |          Contact Us  |          Log In     An Opportunity to Invest in Distressed Properties with an Experienced Sponsor,¹ Resource Real Estate, Inc., that has a 20-Year Track Record in Distressed Real Estate Investing.          Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT, a Unique Investment           Opportunity Seeking to Take Advantage of:   The distressed commercial real estate market;  Distressed sellers of commercial real estate; and  Deeply discounted multifamily properties with current operating issues that can potentially be resolved by experienced management and new capital investment.²  A 20-Year History of Distressed Real Estate Investing Our sponsor, Resource Real Estate, Inc. (”Resource Real Estate”), and its affiliates have been actively engaged in distressed real estate investing and turning around distressed properties since 1991 and have unique contacts in the financial services industry to source opportunities. Over the past 20 years, Resource Real Estate has managed distressed real estate asset resolutions representing over $1 billion in value. These included multifamily, office, retail and hospitality sectors of real estate assets. As of September 30, 2013, Resource Real Estate managed a portfolio of nearly $2.1 billion in real estate and real estate related assets, which includes a portfolio of over 29,000 apartment units across 68 multifamily complexes in 24 states. Resource Real Estate has focused on multifamily acquisitions in its last 10 investment programs.  Shares of Resource Real Estate, Inc. are not being offered. Past performance does not guarantee future results. An investment in the REIT is illiquid and distributions are not guaranteed. The properties shown throughout this website are owned by the Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT, Inc. There is no guarantee that property operating issues can be resolved or that the property value will increase as a result of steps referenced.      OFFERING CLOSED          Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT, Inc., closed its public offering effective as of the close of business December 13, 2013.  Related Links Executive Team Resource Real Estate Website Resource Innovation Office REIT Resource Apartment REIT III       COPYRIGHT © 2016  |  RESOURCE REAL ESTATE, INC.		    1845 Walnut Street, 18th Floor • Philadelphia, PA 19103 Home  |  Investment Strategy  |  Properties  |  Prospectus/SEC Filings  |  Investor Relations  |  Contact Us  |  Log In This is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT; offering is only made by prospectus. This information must be preceded or accompanied by a prospectus in order to understand fully all of the implications and risks of the offering. Investing in Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT includes significant risks. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: lack of a public market; arbitrary offering price; limited operating history; reliance on the advisor to select and manage assets; payment of substantial fees to our advisor and its affiliates; conflicts of interest facing our officers and directors; lack of diversification; limited liquidity and transferability; and distributions may be paid from any source including offering proceeds. Shares of Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT are not suitable for all investors. Neither the attorney general of the state of New York nor any other state regulators have passed on or endorsed the merits of this offering. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. To read more about the Opportunity REIT's risk factors click here. The shares of the Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT are offered through Resource Securities, Inc., an affiliate of the advisor and member - FINRA, SIPC.    

 

Prospectus & Supplements
Updated: July 2012

» Prospectus




Adobe Acrobat Readeris required to view the file.To download a free copy ofReader, click here.     

Resource Real Estate, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:37 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Resource Real Estate, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Resource Real Estate, Inc. is a real estate investment firm specializing in direct real estate investments, global real estate securities and commercial real estate lending. It owns and operates or invests in multifamily residential properties located in Maine and Texas. The firm also invests in subordinated notes secured by multifamily residential properties located in California, Alabama and Nevada. Resource Real Estate, Inc. was incorporated in 2004 and is based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It operates as a subsidiary of Resource America Inc.


712 5th Avenue12th FloorNew York, NY 10019United StatesFounded in 2004



Phone: 212-506-3899

Fax: 215-761-0479

www.resourcereit.com







Key Executives for Resource Real Estate, Inc.




Mr. Alan F. Feldman


      	Chief Executive Officer
      


Age: 53
        







Mr. John R. Boyt


      	Senior Vice President
      


Age: 42
        







Mr. Kevin M. Finkel


      	Executive Vice President
      


Age: 45
        







Mr. Martin B. Caverly II


      	Senior Vice President
      








Mr. John Snowden CFA


      	Portfolio manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Resource Real Estate, Inc. Key Developments

Resource Real Estate, Inc. Presents at 17th Annual US Real Estate Opportunity & Private Funds Investing Forum 2016, Jun-13-2016 11:30 AM
Jun 10 16
Resource Real Estate, Inc. Presents at 17th Annual US Real Estate Opportunity & Private Funds Investing Forum 2016, Jun-13-2016 11:30 AM. Venue: New York, United States. Speakers: Martin B. Caverly, Senior Vice President.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      December 29, 2016
			    
Woods of Burnsville Apartments



Merger/Acquisition

			      September 16, 2016
			    
Apartment Complex Located in San Antonio, Texas



Merger/Acquisition

			      September 16, 2016
			    
Two Apartment Complexes Located in Austin, Texas





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Resource Real Estate, Inc., please visit www.resourcereit.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Welcome - Realtors Property Resource




















Realtors Property Resource®





Realtors Property Resource®


Residential
Sign-In Mode
Commercial



Enter Email:



Password:




Sign in

Keep me signed in for 2 weeks


Forgot Password?


Create a new account



It looks like you're having problems.
Do you want to reset your password?

Yes, reset my password
No, I want to try again




Security Alert: Please reset your password!
It looks like you're having problems.
For security reasons, we locked your account. You can try again later or reset your password now to access RPR.

Reset my password
Customer Support: (877) 977-7576
24 hours a day, seven days a week








RPR app delivers data and reports on-the-go
Real-time searching
Watch


Commercial answers in a rural marketplace
Anywhere, anytime access
Watch









What is RPR?
REALTOR® owned technology
Watch
Watch








eBook
Top REALTORS® share RPR success strategies
Conversations With Commercial Real Estate Pros
Download
Download











About RPR
Terms of Use  |  Privacy Policy





Blog
Facebook





Learning
Support




Find out aboutbecoming a REALTOR®
More Info


Need more help? Call us or chat.
(877) 977-7576
24 hours a day, seven days a week
Live Chat






Copyright © 2017 Realtors Property Resource®, LLC.Build 1.62.11.1 (Sprint 77)
Realtors Property Resource® and RPR are trademarks of Realtors Property Resource®, LLC. All rights reserved.
















