 


	Management Team
































Contact
News
Acquisitions
Investor Relations
About Us





 


Philosophy
Team


Underwriting
Target Markets
UPREIT Option


Press Releases
Articles
Videos











Search





 

 








Home
Management Team




    Management Team 




CHAD M. CARPENTER
Chairman of the Board & CEO


Chad M. Carpenter has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer and as a member of our Board of Directors since July 2, 2012, and as the Chairman of our Board of Directors since August 29, 2012. Mr. Carpenter also served as our Chief Financial Officer from July 2, 2012 to December 26, 2013 and as our Secretary from July 2, 2012 to July 5, 2012. He has also served as the Chief Executive Officer of our subsidiaries, Reven Housing Georgia, LLC and Reven Housing Texas, LLC, since October 2012 and October 2013, respectively, and as Chief Executive Officer of our subsidiaries, Reven Housing Florida, LLC and Reven Housing Tennessee, LLC, since July 2014. Mr. Carpenter is the Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors of Reven Capital, LLC, a private real estate investment firm focused on opportunistic investing, positions he has held since he founded Reven Capital in January 2009. Mr. Carpenter oversees all aspects of Reven Capital's operations and chairs all investment committees and boards for each of its funds. Prior to founding Reven Capital, Mr. Carpenter served in various executive officer capacities, including Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and a member of the investment committee of Equastone, LLC since he co-founded the company in 1994. Equastone was primarily engaged in the investment of office properties in the western and southern regions of the United States. Mr. Carpenter has been involved in over $2 billion in real estate transactions, with over 26 years of experience in real estate, investing, fund management, operations and brokerage across multiple property types. In addition, Mr. Carpenter has experience with international investments and the acquisition of distressed debt and related foreclosure. He is a frequent speaker on the topic of real estate investing and real estate capital markets. In 2005, Mr. Carpenter was selected as one of Real Estate Southern California's "40 Under 40." In 2007, he was a finalist for the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year Award in San Diego and was also chosen as one of the "20 Rising Stars of Real Estate" globally by Institutional Investor News. Mr. Carpenter also currently serves on the Board of Directors of Western Residential Opportunity Fund, LLC, and he was a member of the Board of Directors of Dahc Investments, Inc. from January 2009 to December 2012. Mr. Carpenter holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from the University of Southern California.


THAD MEYER
CFO, COO and Secretary


Thad L. Meyer has served as our Secretary since October 30, 2013, as our Chief Financial Officer since December 26, 2013, and as our Chief Operating Officer since April 17, 2014. Mr. Meyer is President of Alliance Turnaround Management, Inc., a position he has held since November 2002. Alliance Turnaround Management is a problem resolution firm that specializes in distressed real estate opportunities. Since February 2009, Mr. Meyer has also served as the Chief Financial Officer of Reven Capital. From March 2011 to April 2013, Mr. Meyer served as principal and Chief Operating Officer of Southern California Investors, Inc., a firm specializing in the acquisition, improvement and sale of distressed single-family homes. Additionally, from November 2004 to February 2009, Mr. Meyer served as the Chief Financial Officer of Equastone. Mr. Meyer is a Certified Public Accountant, Certified Turnaround Professional, and a California Real Estate Broker. Mr. Meyer holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from Colorado State University.


MICHAEL SONI
Senior Advisor Investments


Mr. Soni is currently the Senior Advisor Investments and is responsible for acquisitions and asset management for the Company. Prior to working with Reven Housing REIT, Inc. Soni was Special Advisor for Alliance REI from January 2011 to October 2011. Alliance REI was formed to invest in residential real estate, including multifamily, where Mr. Soni led the initiative, created an investment business plan and managed the assets. Mr. Soni has inspected approximately 3,000 properties and acquired 700 single family residences to rent and hold/rehab and sell, in eleven states including Arizona, California, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Michigan, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Texas and Tennessee. From March 2009 to December 2010, Mr. Soni was Managing Partner of Hospitality Investors Group, a specialist private equity investment and advisory firm that provides investment capital, asset management, and structures lodging transactions on a worldwide basis. From May 2005 to March 2009, Mr. Soni was the President and CEO of Cronus Capital Markets, which created investment products such as index options and exchange traded funds for listing on the ISE and NYSE and was active in corporate and transaction advisory services in the areas of banking, real estate, hospitality and distressed assets. Mr. Soni holds certificates in Hotel Real Estate and Asset Management and Financial Management from Cornell University.






Management
Board of Directors
Board of Committees


















Reven Housing on Twitter
Reven Housing on Facebook
Reven Housing on LinkedIn




Terms of Use
Disclaimer


Privacy Policy
Site Map


©Reven 2015




























Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




9:40 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:38aBREAKINGStock market opens lower as Wall Street resumes tech selling
9:38aDestination Maternity plummets toward record low after merger deal terminated
9:38aThis is how Congress could craft a bipartisan health-care bill
9:36aMeet the ‘Hamilton’ actors who fly cross-country and play up to 18 roles in the hit show
9:34aTrump’s time—and political capital—is quickly running out
9:33aConsumer Discretionary Select Sector SPDR ETF falls 1% as Amazon.com sinks 4.1%
9:31aDow Jones Industrial Average opens less than 0.1% lower
9:31aS&P 500 opens down 0.2%
9:31aNasdaq Composite Index opens down 0.6%
9:30aU.S. stocks open lower as tech, consumer discretionary shares fall
9:24aDollar turns lower for the week following GDP report
9:18aGet ready for the less-profitable Amazon that you used to know 
9:18a‘Skinny’ repeal of Obamacare fails to pass in late-night Senate vote
9:17aGold turns higher as dollar holds loss after GDP report shows as-expected rebound
9:14aScaramucci provides a shocking Bannon comparison that defies anatomy
9:13aStock futures trim losses after GDP data; tech shares weigh on Nasdaq 
9:12aMattel stock price target cut to $22 from $24 at D.A. Davidson
9:11aStarbucks stock price target cut to $67 from $70 at Instinet
9:11aMasterCard stock price target raised to $153 from $134 at Instinet
9:11aCan Snap fall even more as lockups expire?
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,774.42

-22.13
-0.10%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,357.51

-24.68
-0.39%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,470.60

-4.82
-0.19%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
















































Reven Housing REIT, Inc. 8-K Feb. 21, 2017  5:12 PM | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Reven Housing REIT, Inc. (RVEN)FORM 8-K | Current reportFeb. 21, 2017  5:12 PM|About: Reven Housing REIT, Inc. (RVEN)View as PDF

 Reven Housing REIT, Inc. (Form: 8-K, Received: 02/21/2017 17:14:04) 










	 




	UNITED STATES




	SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION




	WASHINGTON, DC 20549



	 



	FORM 8-K



	 



	CURRENT REPORT



	 



	Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of




	the Securities Exchange Act of 1934



	 



	Date of report (Date of earliest event reported):
	February 16, 2017



	 




	 






	 





	REVEN HOUSING REIT, INC.



	(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its
	Charter)


	 




	 






	 






	Maryland




	 




	001-37865




	 




	84-1306078







	(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation)



	 



	(Commission File Number)



	 



	(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)






	 



	875 Prospect Street, Suite 304




	La Jolla, CA 92037



	(Address of principal executive offices)



	 




	(858) 459-4000



	(Registrant’s telephone number, including
	area code)


	 



	Not applicable



	(Former name or former address, if changed since
	last report)


	 


	Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
	to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligations of the registrant under any of the following provisions.


	 







	¨



	Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under
	the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)









	¨



	Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under
	the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12))









	¨



	Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under
	the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))









	¨



	Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under
	the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))




	 




	 





	 




	 







	Item 1.01 Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement.




	 




	Memphis 27 Purchase and Sale Agreement



	 


	On February 16, 2017, Reven
	Housing REIT, Inc. (the “Company”) entered into a Single Family Homes Real Estate Purchase and Sale Agreement (the
	“Agreement”) with H&J Properties, LLC, a Tennessee limited liability company (the “Seller”), for
	the Company’s purchase of a portfolio of up to 27 single-family homes located in the Memphis, Tennessee, metropolitan area
	from the Seller. The Seller is unaffiliated with the Company.


	 


	The Agreement provides
	for a deposit of $21,400 within five business days of the execution of the Agreement, and the total contract purchase price for
	the 27 properties is $2,140,000, excluding closing costs and subject to certain adjustments. Of the 27 properties, 16 properties
	are subject to one-year leases with tenants, four properties are subject to month-to-month leases with the tenants and seven properties
	are currently vacant.


	 


	For a period commencing
	on the effective date of the Agreement and ending on the 30

	th 

	day following Seller’s delivery of certain
	specified property information to the Company (the “Due Diligence Period”), the Company may retain a contractor or
	home inspector mutually acceptable to the Company and the Seller to identify any necessary repairs and the cost to make such repairs.
	The Seller will be responsible for paying for all repairs identified by such third-party inspector. The Agreement contains customary
	representations and warranties by the Seller, and the Company will be obligated to purchase the properties only after satisfaction
	of agreed upon closing conditions. The Company may terminate the Agreement for any or no reason by giving written notice of such
	termination to the Seller on or before the expiration of the Due Diligence Period.


	 


	The Agreement provides
	that the closing for the purchase of the properties is to occur no later than 30 days following the expiration of the Due Diligence
	Period. There can be no assurance that the Company will consummate the acquisition.


	 


	The foregoing description
	of the Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit
	10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.




	 











	Item 9.01




	Financial Statement and Exhibits






	 




	(d) Exhibits



	 








	Exhibit





	No.




	 




	Description




	 




	Method of Filing






	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	10.1



	 



	Single Family Homes Real Estate Purchase and Sale Agreement (Memphis 27) dated February 16, 2017



	 



	Filed herewith






	 






	 



	2



	 









	 





	 






	SIGNATURES



	 


	Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
	Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


	 




	 




	REVEN HOUSING REIT, INC.






	 


	 





	Dated: February 21, 2017




	/s/  Chad M. Carpenter





	 



	Chad M. Carpenter,





	 



	Chief Executive Officer





	 






	 



	3



	 







	 










	 



	Exhibit 10.1



	 


	SINGLE FAMILY HOMES


	 


	REAL ESTATE PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT


	 


	by and between



	 




	H&J
	Properties, LLC

	,


	a Tennessee limited liability company


	as Seller


	 


	and


	 


	REVEN HOUSING REIT, INC.,


	a Maryland corporation,

	as Buyer


	 


	February 16, 2017


	 




	 





	 




	  


	THIS SINGLE FAMILY HOMES
	PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT (this “


	Agreement


	”) is made and entered into as of February 16, 2017 (“


	Effective
	Date


	”), by and between

	H&J Properties

	, LLC, a Tennessee limited
	liability company (

	“

	Seller

	”

	) and REVEN HOUSING REIT, INC., a Maryland corporation (

	“

	Buyer

	”

	).


	 



	BASIC TERMS



	 


	The following terms, as used in this Agreement,
	will have the meanings assigned to such terms in this Basic Terms section of the Agreement, subject to any adjustments set forth
	elsewhere in this Agreement.


	 



	Purchase Price

	: $2,140,000.00, subject
	to adjustment in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.         


	 



	Deposit

	: $21,400.00 [1% of Purchase
	Price].


	 



	Closing Date

	: The date on which the
	Escrow Holder issues the final settlement statement, which in no event shall extend beyond 30 days after the expiration of the
	Due Diligence Period.


	 



	Due Diligence Period

	:
	Subject to the provisions of

	Section 7

	below, the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the date that is
	30 days after Buyer receives all Property Information, to be delivered to Buyer pursuant to Section 6(a)(3) and Section 7(a), during
	which period Buyer will be provided the opportunity to review all aspects of the Property.




	 



	Escrow Holder

	: Fidelity National Title
	Insurance Company.


	 



	Title Company

	: Fidelity National Title
	Insurance Company.


	 



	Seller’s Broker

	: None.


	 



	Buyer’s Broker

	: None.




	 







	PRELIMINARY
	STATEMENTS





	 


	A.           Seller
	is the owner of the Property (as defined herein); and


	 


	B.           Seller
	desires to sell, and Buyer desires to buy, the Property, at the price and on the terms and conditions hereafter set forth.


	 


	In consideration of the
	recitals, mutual covenants, and agreements set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
	of which are mutually acknowledged, Seller and Buyer hereby agree as follows:


	 






	 



	1



	 







	 




	  


	1.          

	Premises

	.
	The real estate which is the subject of this Agreement consists of 27 single family homes, in the State of Tennessee, which are
	identified and generally described on

	Exhibit A

	attached hereto, together with all of the improvements and structures located
	thereon (“


	Improvements


	”), any heating and ventilating systems and other fixtures located therein or
	thereon, and all rights, interests, benefits, privileges, easements and appurtenances to the land and the Improvements, if any
	(collectively, the “


	Premises


	”).


	 


	2.          

	Personal
	Property and Leases

	.


	 


	(a)          The

	“

	Personal Property



	”

	referred to herein shall consist of all right, title, and interest of Seller,
	if any, in all tangible (including all advertising materials, plans and specifications) and intangible personal property, including
	any equipment, appliances, or furnishings that remain in the Premises at the Closing, and any and all existing licenses and permits
	held by Seller and not constituting part of the real estate, located on and used in connection with the Premises.


	 


	(b)          The
	“


	Leases



	”

	referred to herein shall consist of the leases, occupancy and rental agreements between
	the Seller, as landlord and tenants of the single family homes that comprise the Premises that are in effect as of the date of
	the Closing (defined below), as well as service contracts relating to the maintenance and repair of such homes.


	 


	3.          

	Sale/Conveyance
	and Assignment

	. Seller agrees to sell, convey and assign to Buyer, and Buyer agrees to buy and assume from Seller, at the
	price and upon the other terms and conditions hereafter set forth (a) the Premises, (b) the Personal Property, (c) the Improvements,
	and (d) the Leases (a-d collectively, the “


	Property


	”).


	 


	4.          

	Transfer
	of Title

	.


	 


	(a)          Title
	to the Property shall be conveyed to Buyer by a special warranty deed (the “


	Deed


	”) executed by Seller,
	in the form attached hereto as

	Exhibit C

	.


	 


	(b)          The
	Personal Property shall be conveyed to Buyer by a bill of sale (the “


	Bill of Sale


	”) executed by Seller,
	in the form attached hereto as

	Exhibit D

	.


	 


	(c)          The
	Leases shall be assigned by Seller and assumed by Buyer by an Assignment Leases and Contracts (the “


	Assignment of Leases
	and Contracts


	”), in the form attached hereto as

	Exhibit E

	.


	 


	5.          

	Purchase
	Price; Deposit

	.


	 


	(a)          

	Delivery
	of Purchase Price

	. The purchase price for the Property shall be the price identified in the Basic Terms (the “


	Purchase
	Price


	”), which shall be subject to reduction in accordance with this

	Section 5

	and

	Section 7(d)

	and
	payable by Buyer to Seller as follows:


	 






	 



	2



	 







	 




	  


	(1)         Within
	five (5) business days after the execution of this Agreement, Buyer shall deposit into an escrow account (the “


	Escrow


	”)
	established with Escrow Holder (as identified in the Basic Terms), which will serve as escrow holder for this transaction a deposit
	in the amount of the Deposit (as identified in the Basic Terms above). If Buyer notifies Seller that it elects to proceed to purchase
	the Property in accordance with the provisions of

	Section 7

	, then the Deposit (as defined in the Basic Terms) will become
	non-refundable to Buyer, except in the event of a default or breach of this Agreement by Seller. The Deposit shall at all times
	prior to Closing be invested in United States treasury obligations or such other interest bearing accounts or securities as are
	approved by Buyer in writing; all interest earned on the Deposit will be administered, paid or credited (as the case may be) in
	the same manner as the Deposit and, when credited to the escrow account shall constitute additional Deposit. At the closing of
	the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the “


	Closing


	”), Buyer shall receive a credit against
	the Purchase Price for the Deposit.


	 


	(2)         The
	Purchase Price, less a credit for the Deposit, and plus or minus prorations and adjustments as set forth in

	Section 17

	hereof,
	shall be paid by Buyer to Seller by wire transfer of immediately available federal funds on the Closing Date.


	 


	(b)          

	Property
	Valuation

	. Buyer may elect to retain an independent, third-party valuation consultant to prepare a valuation report (“


	Valuation
	Report


	”) for each of the properties that comprise the Property. If the sum of the values of the properties that comprise
	the Property (“


	Total Valuation


	”) is less than the Purchase Price, then at Closing the Purchase Price
	will be reduced by the amount that the Purchase Price exceeds the Total Valuation; provided that Buyer will have no right to a
	Purchase Price reduction in excess of ten percent (10%) of the original Purchase Price without Seller’s written agreement.
	If the Purchase Price exceeds the Total Valuation by more than 10% of the Purchase Price, and Seller does not agree to reduce the
	Purchase Price to the Total Valuation, then Buyer may, upon written notice to Seller at least two business days before the then-scheduled
	Closing Date, elect to (i) close the transaction as contemplated with a ten percent (10%) reduction of the Purchase Price or (ii)
	terminate this Agreement. If Buyer terminates this Agreement in accordance with this

	Section 5(b)

	, then this Agreement will
	have no further force or effect, the parties will have no further obligations to each other (except for any indemnities or other
	provisions that expressly survive termination of this Agreement) and Escrow Holder shall refund the Deposit to Buyer.


	 


	(c)          Notwithstanding

	Section 5(b)

	above and

	Section 7(d)

	below, Buyer may, in lieu of adjusting the Purchase Price as a result of necessary
	repairs and replacements or a Total Valuation that is less than the Purchase Price in accordance with those provisions, elect to
	exclude specified properties from the properties identified on

	Exhibit A

	. If, as a result of its due diligence investigations,
	Buyer elects to exclude one or more properties from the Property being acquired in accordance with this Agreement, then at least
	two business days before the Closing Date, Buyer will notify Seller that certain specified properties (“


	Excluded Properties


	”)
	are to be excluded from the sale contemplated in this Agreement. Following Buyer’s notification to Seller and identification
	of the Excluded Properties, (i) the description of the properties that comprise the Property, as identified on

	Exhibit A

	,
	will be deemed modified to exclude the Excluded Properties; and (ii) the Purchase Price will be reduced by the product of the number
	of homes that comprise the Excluded Properties and the value assigned to each home (the “


	Assigned Home Value


	”).
	Once Buyer identifies to Seller the Excluded Properties, those properties so identified will no longer be the subject of this Agreement
	and Seller will be free to sell them to another party or take any action that Seller elects with respect to the Excluded Properties.


	 






	 



	3



	 







	 




	  


	6.          

	Representations,
	Warranties and Covenants

	.


	 


	(a)          

	Seller’s
	Representations and Warranties

	. As a material inducement to Buyer to execute this Agreement and consummate this transaction,
	Seller represents and warrants to Buyer as follows:


	 


	(1)         

	Organization
	and Authority.

	Seller has been duly organized and is validly existing as a Tennessee limited liability company. Seller has
	the full right and authority and has obtained any and all consents required therefor to enter into this Agreement, consummate or
	cause to be consummated the sale and make or cause to be made transfers and assignments contemplated herein. The persons signing
	this Agreement on behalf of Seller are authorized to do so. This Agreement and all of the documents to be delivered by Seller at
	the Closing have been authorized and properly executed and will constitute the valid and binding obligations of Seller, enforceable
	against Seller in accordance with their terms.


	 


	(2)         

	Conflicts

	.
	There is no agreement to which Seller is a party or, to Seller’s Knowledge, binding on Seller or the Property, that is in
	conflict with this Agreement or that would limit or restrict the timely performance by Seller of its obligations pursuant to this
	Agreement.


	 


	(3)         

	Documents
	and Records

	. To Seller’s Knowledge, Seller has provided (or upon the execution hereof will provide) Buyer with, or has
	made available to Buyer, true, correct and complete copies of the items scheduled in

	Schedule 6(a)(3)

	attached hereto (all
	of the foregoing collectively the

	“

	Property Information

	”

	). The Property Information consists of all documents
	relating to the Property in Seller’s possession or control.


	 


	(4)         

	Litigation

	.
	There is no action, suit or proceeding pending or to Seller’s knowledge threatened which (i) if adversely determined, would
	not be covered by insurance (subject to the payment of a customary insurance deductible) or adversely affect the Property, or (ii)
	which challenges or impairs Seller’s ability to execute, deliver or perform this Agreement or consummate the transaction
	contemplated hereby.


	 


	(5)         

	Leases

	.

	Schedule 6(a)(5)

	sets forth a list of the leases and all contracts (including all service, maintenance, and warranty contracts)
	that apply to the properties that comprise the Property, which, to Seller’s Knowledge, is true and correct and complete list
	of such leases and contracts as of the date of such schedule. To Seller’s Knowledge, except as scheduled in

	Schedule 6(a)(5)

	,
	neither Seller nor any other party is in default with respect to any of its obligations or liabilities pertaining to the Leases.
	To Seller’s Knowledge, other than the Leases and any other matters disclosed in the Title Report, there are no leases, licenses
	or other occupancy agreements to which Seller is a party or is bound affecting any portion of the Property as of the date hereof,
	which will be in force on the Closing Date. Seller has delivered or made available at the Property, true and correct copies of
	the Leases to Buyer. No lessee under any Lease has any right of first refusal or option to purchase the property that is the subject
	of their Lease. With respect to any property identified on

	Exhibit A

	, if any Lease expires and is extended or renewed, or
	if Seller elects to sign a new Lease, during the period this Agreement is in effect, then such new Lease must be submitted to Buyer
	for review and approval, may not have a term shorter than one year, and may not include any free rent period or cancellation right
	on the part of the tenant, unless such terms are approved by Buyer in writing.


	 






	 



	4



	 







	 




	  


	(6)         

	Contracts

	.

	Exhibit B

	sets forth all contracts presently outstanding with respect to the Property. To Seller’s Knowledge, neither
	Seller nor any other party is in default with respect to any of its obligations or liabilities pertaining to any contracts that
	will survive the Close of Escrow.


	 


	(7)         

	Notice
	of Violations

	. Seller has received no written notice that either the Property or the use thereof violates any laws, rules and
	regulations of any federal, state, city or county government or any agency, body, or subdivision thereof having any jurisdiction
	over the Property that have not been resolved to the satisfaction of the issuer of the notice.


	 


	(8)         

	Withholding
	Obligation

	. Seller is not a “foreign person” within the meaning of Section 1445 of the Internal Revenue Code
	of 1986, as amended.


	 


	(9)         

	Condemnation

	.
	Except for any condemnation proceedings which Seller has not yet been served with process, there are no pending or, to Seller’s
	Knowledge, threatened condemnation or similar proceedings affecting the Property or any individual property that is a part thereof.


	 


	(10)        

	Employees

	.
	Seller has no employees at the Property.


	 


	(11)        

	No
	Bankruptcy Proceedings

	. Seller has not (

	i

	) made a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (

	ii

	) filed
	any voluntary petition in bankruptcy or suffered the filing of any involuntary petition by Seller’s creditors, (

	iii

	)
	suffered the appointment of a receiver to take possession of all or substantially all of Seller’s assets, or (

	iv

	)
	suffered the attachment or other judicial seizure of all or substantially all of Seller’s assets.


	 


	(12)        

	Unrecorded
	Documents

	. Other than as disclosed in the Property Information, the Title Commitment, or any other documents delivered to Buyer,
	Seller has not entered into any unrecorded contracts, leases, easements or other agreements with respect to the Property that would
	be binding on Buyer or the Property following the Closing. Seller has no knowledge of any claim of any third party affecting the
	use, title, occupancy or development of the Property that has not been disclosed to Buyer. Seller has not granted any right of
	first refusal, option or other right to acquire all or any part of the Property.


	 






	 



	5



	 







	 




	  


	For purposes of this

	Section
	6(a)

	, the term “


	Seller’s Knowledge


	” means the actual knowledge of Hulet T. Gregory,


	the
	person who Seller represents to be the most knowledgeable about the Property.


	 


	(b)          

	Buyer’s
	Representations and Warranties

	. As a material inducement to Seller to execute this Agreement and consummate this transaction,
	Buyer represents and warrants to Seller that Buyer has been duly organized and is validly existing as a Maryland corporation. Buyer
	has the full right and authority and has obtained any and all consents required therefore to enter into this Agreement, consummate
	or cause to be consummated the purchase, and make or cause to be made the deliveries and undertakings contemplated herein or hereby.
	The persons signing this Agreement on behalf of Buyer are authorized to do so. This Agreement and all of the documents to be delivered
	by Buyer at the Closing have been authorized and properly executed and will constitute the valid and binding obligations of Buyer,
	enforceable against Buyer in accordance with their terms.


	 


	(c)          

	Covenants
	of Seller.

	Seller covenants and agrees that during the period from the date of this Agreement through and including the Closing
	Date:


	 


	(1)         Seller
	will timely pay and perform its obligations under the Leases and any contracts to be assumed by Buyer pursuant hereto.


	 


	(2)         All
	tenant repair requests, including move-in punch-list items have been fixed properly or will be fixed properly and paid for before
	the close of escrow.


	 


	(3)         

	Delivery
	of 8-06 Financials

	. Upon request from Buyer, Seller agrees to prepare for delivery to Buyer, unaudited income statements, along
	with accompanying notes, with respect to the Property for the twelve months ended December 31, 2015 and the twelve months ended
	December 31, 2016 (the “


	Income Statements


	”). The Income Statements shall be (a) in accordance with the
	books and records of Seller, (b) present fairly in all material respects the results of operations of the Property for the periods
	therein specified, (c) prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, and Rule
	8-06 of Regulation S-X (17 C.F.R. Part 210), and (d) otherwise acceptable to Buyer in its reasonable discretion. Upon request from
	Buyer, Seller shall also provide to Buyer, any schedules or supporting documentation that Buyer may reasonably request that relate
	to the transactions included or to be included in the Income Statements. Upon request from Buyer, Seller agrees to cooperate with
	Buyer, and provide all assistance and access to the books and records of Seller, as required for the audit of the Income Statement,
	to be completed no later than the 70

	th

	day following the Closing. The audit of the Income Statement shall be at Buyer’s
	expense and shall be conducted by an independent accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
	retained by Buyer. Upon request from Buyer, Seller shall provide the items listed in

	Exhibit H

	attached hereto and incorporated
	herein, to the extent in Seller’s possession or control.


	 


	(d)          

	Seller
	Representation Regarding Tenants

	. Seller hereby represents and warrants that each tenant is occupying its respective home and
	is current in the payment of rent, and no default currently exists and no condition exists, which, with the passage of time may
	become a default under any of the Leases.


	 






	 



	6



	 







	 




	  


	(1)         Following
	the expiration of the Due Diligence Period, Seller will not enter into any contract (other than new Leases) that will be an obligation
	affecting the Property subsequent to the Closing Date except for contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business that
	are terminable without cause and without payment of a penalty on not more than 30-days’ notice.


	 


	(2)         Seller
	will not remove any Personal Property from the Property except as may be required for necessary repair or replacement, and in the
	event of such replacement, the replacement shall be of materially equal or better quality and quantity as existed as of the time
	of its removal.


	 


	(3)         Seller
	will continue to operate and maintain the Property in accordance with past practices and will not make any material alterations
	or changes thereto;


	 


	(4)         Seller
	will maintain casualty and liability insurance of a level and type consistent with the insurance maintained by Seller prior to
	the execution of this Agreement with respect to the Property;


	 


	(5)         Seller
	will not do anything, or authorize anything to be done, that would adversely affect the condition of title as shown on the Title
	Commitment.


	 


	(6)         Seller
	agrees to terminate by written notice to the other parties thereto, effective as of Closing, any service contracts that Buyer,
	pursuant to written notice to Seller prior to the expiration of the Due Diligence Period, requests Seller to terminate. Seller
	shall deliver to Buyer copies of all notices of termination given by Seller pursuant to this subsection.


	 


	(7)         Seller
	shall repair all homes that become vacant at least five (5) days prior to the Closing to “rent-ready” condition in
	accordance with Seller’s customary practice and procedure for the Property. Buyer shall receive a $3,500 credit against the
	Purchase Price with respect to any unit that is vacant and not in “rent ready” condition on the Closing Date. At Buyer’s
	request, Seller shall inspect each of the vacant units prior to the Closing to determine if any of such units cannot be restored
	to “rent ready” condition at a cost of $3,500 or less, and Buyer and Seller hereby agree to make such adjustments to
	the $3,500 per unit credit as Buyer and Seller agree, acting reasonably, are necessary in order to pay for the cost of restoring
	the vacant units to “rent ready” condition. Upon request, Seller shall keep Buyer reasonably informed as to the status
	of leasing prior to the Closing Date and shall deliver to Buyer copies of all new Leases.


	 






	 



	7



	 







	 




	  


	(e)          

	Representation
	and Warranties Prior to Closing

	. The continued validity in all respects of the foregoing representations and warranties shall
	be a condition precedent to the obligation of the party to whom the representation and warranty is given to close this transaction.
	If any of Seller’s representations and warranties are not true and correct at any time on or before the Closing even if true
	and correct as of the date of this Agreement or whether any change in facts or circumstances has made the applicable representation
	and warranty no longer true and correct and regardless as to whether Buyer becomes aware of such fact through Seller’s notification
	or otherwise, then Buyer may, at Buyer’s option, exercised by written notice to Seller (and as its sole and exclusive remedy),
	either (i) proceed with this transaction, accepting the applicable representation and warranty as being modified by such subsequent
	matters or knowledge and waiving any right relating thereto, if any, or (ii) terminate this Agreement and declare this Agreement
	of no further force and effect and in which event Escrow Holder shall, without further instruction, return the Deposit to Buyer
	and Seller shall have no further liability hereunder by reason thereof; provided, that if the breach of any representation or warranty
	of Seller hereunder results from the willful and intentional act of Seller, Buyer will have the rights and remedies available to
	Buyer under

	Section 18(b)

	of this Agreement upon a default by Seller of its obligations under this Agreement.


	 


	7.          

	Due
	Diligence Period

	.


	 


	(a)          Buyer
	will have a period commencing on the Effective Date and ending at 6:00 PM Pacific Time on the date that is 30 days after Buyer
	has received all Property Information set forth in Schedule 6(a)(3) (the

	“



	Due Diligence Period



	”

	)
	to examine, inspect, and investigate the Property and, in Buyer’s sole judgment and discretion, to determine whether Buyer
	desires to purchase the Property. If Buyer is acting diligently and in good faith to proceed with the consummation of the transaction
	contemplated by this Agreement, Seller will agree, upon the written request of Buyer, to extend the Due Diligence Period up to
	fourteen (14) days. Buyer agrees to submit a notice to Seller confirming Buyer has received all Property Information once received
	and the date of the notice will become the Effective Date.


	 


	(b)          Buyer
	may terminate this Agreement for any or no reason by giving written notice of such termination to Seller on or before the last
	day of the Due Diligence Period. If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to this

	Section 7

	, the Deposit shall be immediately
	refunded to Buyer, and neither party shall have any further liability or obligation to the other under this Agreement except for
	the indemnity provisions set forth in

	Section 7(c)

	of this Agreement and any other provision of this Agreement that is expressly
	intended to survive the termination of this Agreement. In the event this Agreement is terminated escrow is required to return Buyer’s
	Deposit immediately and Seller agrees and will not cause escrow to delay the return of the Deposit to Buyer for any reason. If
	Buyer does not elect to exercise its right to terminate this Agreement during the Due Diligence Period, then Buyer shall notify
	Seller of Buyer’s intention to acquire the Property before the expiration of the Due Diligence Period. If Buyer does not,
	before the expiration of the Due Diligence Period, either affirmatively notify Seller of its desire to acquire the Property or
	send a termination notice to Seller, then Buyer will be deemed to have elected to terminate this Agreement. If Buyer elects to
	proceed to purchase the Property, and this Agreement is not terminated or deemed terminated before the expiration of the Due Diligence
	Period, then the Deposit shall be non-refundable except in the event of a default hereunder by Seller.


	 






	 



	8



	 







	 




	  


	(c)          Subject
	to the rights of tenants under the Leases, Seller will provide to Buyer reasonable access to the Property for the purpose of examining
	any or all aspects thereof, including conducting on a non-destructive basis, surveys, architectural, engineering, non-invasive
	geo-technical and environmental inspections and tests, and any other inspections, studies, or tests reasonably required by Buyer.
	Buyer shall give Seller reasonable notice by telephone or e-mail before entering onto any of the properties that comprise the Property
	to perform inspections or tests, and in the case of tests (i) Buyer shall specify to Seller the precise nature of the test to be
	performed, and (ii) Seller may require, as a condition precedent to Buyer’s right to perform any such test, that Buyer deliver
	Seller evidence of public liability and other appropriate insurance naming Seller as an additional insured thereunder. Such examination
	of the physical condition of the Property, including the Third Party Inspection Report (defined in

	Section 7(d)

	below) may
	include an examination for the presence or absence of hazardous or toxic materials, substances or wastes, which shall be performed
	or arranged by Buyer at Buyer’s sole expense. Buyer shall keep the Property free and clear of any liens and will indemnify,
	protect, defend, and hold each Seller Related Party (defined below) harmless from and against all losses, costs, damages, claims,
	liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and court costs) (collectively, “


	Losses


	”)
	arising from damage to the Property and injury to persons asserted against or incurred by any Seller Related Party as a result
	of such entry by Buyer, its agents, employees or representatives (except that Buyer shall have no liability or indemnity obligation
	for any diminution in the value of the Property as a result of any unfavorable analysis, test, study, opinion or recommendation
	made to or for or reach by Buyer). If any inspection or test disturbs the Property and Buyer does not acquire the Property, Buyer
	will restore the Property to substantially the same condition as existed prior to any such inspection or test. Buyer and its agents,
	employees, and representatives may, upon not less than 24 hours prior telephonic notice to Seller, examine and make copies of all
	books and records and other materials relating to the condition of the Property in Seller’s possession at the office where
	such records are maintained. Any information provided to or obtained by Buyer with respect to the Property shall be subject to
	the provisions of

	Section 22(p)

	of this Agreement. The obligations of Buyer under this Section shall survive the termination
	of the Agreement.


	 






	 



	9



	 







	 




	  


	(d)          Buyer
	may retain a contractor or home inspector to prepare a report or reports describing the physical condition of the Property (collectively,
	the “


	Third Party Inspection Report


	”), which Third Party Inspection Report shall adequately identify any
	necessary repairs, replacements, or improvements and the estimated costs of such repairs or improvements (collectively, the “


	Necessary
	Repairs


	”). The person or entity preparing the Third Party Inspection Report must be licensed to perform such inspections
	in the jurisdiction where the Property is located, and may not be, or have ever been, owned or controlled by Buyer or an affiliate
	of Buyer or otherwise not at arm’s length from Buyer. Buyer will provide a copy of the Third Party Inspection Report to Seller
	prior to the expiration of the Due Diligence Period. If any Necessary Repairs are identified in the Third Party Inspection Report
	and subject to the limitations set forth below, Seller shall have the right to (i) make the Necessary Repairs after Closing and
	the estimated cost of the Necessary Repairs as set forth in the Third Party Inspection Report shall be held in escrow by the Escrow
	Holder until such Necessary Repairs are completed as described in Section 7(d)(1) below, or (ii) reduce the Purchase Price by the
	estimated cost of the repairs or replacements set forth in the Third Party Inspection Report. In the event Seller elects to reduce
	the Purchase Price, Seller and Buyer agree that the Purchase Price will not be reduced by an amount greater than ten percent (10%)
	of the Purchase Price without Seller’s written agreement. If the cost to make the repairs and replacements identified in
	the Third Party Inspection Report exceeds ten percent (10%) of the Purchase Price, and Seller does not agree to reduce the Purchase
	Price by the identified cost of such repairs and replacements as set forth in the Third Party Inspection Report, then Buyer may,
	upon written notice to Seller and prior to the end of the Due Diligence Period, elect to (i) close the transaction as contemplated
	with a ten percent (10%) reduction of the Purchase Price or (ii) terminate this Agreement. If Buyer terminates this Agreement in
	accordance with this

	Section 7(d)

	, then this Agreement will have no further force or effect, the parties will have no further
	obligations to each other (except for any indemnities or other provisions that expressly survive termination of this Agreement)
	and Escrow Holder shall refund the Deposit to Buyer. The reductions to the Purchase Price contemplated in this

	Section 7(d)

	are in addition to those contemplated in

	Section 5(b)

	and

	5(c)

	of this Agreement.


	 


	(1)         If
	Seller elects to make the repairs contemplated in Section 7(d) above, a Purchase Price Escrow Repair Holdback amount of 10% of
	purchase price ($214,000) (the “


	Purchase Price Escrow Repair Holdback


	”) shall be withheld by the Escrow
	Holder until such time as Seller has completed all Necessary Repairs to Buyer’s reasonable satisfaction. Such Necessary Repairs
	shall be completed by Seller, at Seller’s sole cost and expense, not later than ninety (90) days after Closing (the “


	Holdback
	Repair Period


	”). Seller shall provide to Buyer invoices and related back-up documentation reasonably acceptable to
	Buyer pertaining to all Necessary Repairs, as well as photographs reasonably acceptable to Buyer depicting each and every item
	to be repaired before such repair has begun and after such repair has been completed. Purchase Price Holdback funds shall remain
	held by the Escrow Holder until all Necessary Repairs are completed to Buyer’s reasonable satisfaction. Upon the end of the
	Holdback Repair Period or sooner upon Buyer’s election, Buyer shall review the status of the Necessary Repairs and, if any
	repairs have been completed to Buyer’s reasonable satisfaction, Buyer shall at that time instruct the Escrow Holder to release
	funds pertaining to such completed repairs described in the Third Party Inspection Report. If after Buyer’s review of the
	Necessary Repairs Buyer determines that all of the Necessary Repairs have been completed during the Holdback Repair Period, any
	Purchase Price Escrow Repair Holdback funds remaining in Escrow Holder’s custody shall be released to Seller.


	 


	(e)          Notwithstanding
	any provision to the contrary set forth herein, in addition to the rights set forth in

	Sections 5(c)

	,

	5(b)

	and

	7(d)

	, at any time during the Due Diligence Period, Buyer may in its sole discretion, elect to designate specified properties
	from the properties identified on

	Exhibit A

	as Excluded Properties as defined in

	Section 5(c)

	. In the event
	of such an election, Buyer shall deliver to Seller a notice stating which properties it has designated as Excluded Properties no
	later than two (2) days prior to the Closing Date (the “


	Notice to Seller


	”). Upon delivery of the
	Notice to Seller, the designated properties described in the Notice to Seller shall be Excluded Properties, and the terms of

	Section 5(c)

	shall apply with respect thereto.


	 






	 



	10



	 







	 




	  


	8.          

	As
	Is Sale.



	 


	(a)          BUYER
	SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT SELLER IS SELLING AND BUYER IS PURCHASING THE PROPERTY ON AN “AS IS WITH ALL FAULTS”
	BASIS AND THAT, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT AND THE CLOSING DOCUMENTS DELIVERED BY SELLER TO BUYER AT CLOSING,
	BUYER IS NOT RELYING ON ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, FROM SELLER, ITS AGENTS,
	OR BROKERS AS TO ANY MATTERS CONCERNING THE PROPERTY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION: (I) THE QUALITY, NATURE, ADEQUACY AND PHYSICAL
	CONDITION OF THE PROPERTY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE STRUCTURAL ELEMENTS, FOUNDATION, ROOF, APPURTENANCES, ACCESS, LANDSCAPING,
	PARKING FACILITIES AND THE ELECTRICAL, MECHANICAL, HVAC, PLUMBING, SEWAGE, AND UTILITY SYSTEMS, FACILITIES AND APPLIANCES, (II)
	THE QUALITY, NATURE, ADEQUACY, AND PHYSICAL CONDITION OF SOILS, GEOLOGY AND ANY GROUNDWATER, (III) THE EXISTENCE, QUALITY, NATURE,
	ADEQUACY AND PHYSICAL CONDITION OF UTILITIES SERVING THE PROPERTY, (IV) THE DEVELOPMENT POTENTIAL OF THE PROPERTY, AND THE PROPERTY’
	USE, HABITABILITY, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS, SUITABILITY, VALUE OR ADEQUACY OF THE PROPERTY FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE, (V)
	THE ZONING OR OTHER LEGAL STATUS OF THE PROPERTY OR ANY OTHER PUBLIC OR PRIVATE RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF THE PROPERTY, (VI) THE COMPLIANCE
	OF THE PROPERTY OR ITS OPERATION WITH ANY APPLICABLE CODES, LAWS, REGULATIONS, STATUTES, ORDINANCES, COVENANTS, CONDITIONS AND
	RESTRICTIONS OF ANY GOVERNMENTAL OR QUASI-GOVERNMENTAL ENTITY OR OF ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY, (VII) THE PRESENCE OR ABSENCE OF
	HAZARDOUS MATERIALS (AS DEFINED IN ANY ENVIRONMENTAL STATUTE) ON, UNDER OR ABOUT THE PROPERTY OR THE ADJOINING OR NEIGHBORING PROPERTY,
	(VIII) THE QUALITY OF ANY LABOR AND MATERIALS USED IN ANY IMPROVEMENTS ON THE PROPERTY, (IX) THE CONDITION OF TITLE TO THE PROPERTY,
	(X) THE LEASES (INCLUDING ALL SERVICE CONTRACTS) AND ANY OTHER AGREEMENTS AFFECTING THE PROPERTY AND (XI) THE ECONOMICS OF ANY
	PAST OR FUTURE OPERATIONS OF THE PROPERTY.


	 


	9.          

	Survival
	of Representations and Warranties After Closing

	.


	 


	(a)          All
	representations and warranties of Seller herein shall survive the Closing for a period of one (1) year (the

	“

	Limitation
	Period

	”

	).


	 






	 



	11



	 







	 




	  


	(b)          Buyer
	shall provide actual written notice to Seller of any breach of any of Seller’s warranties or representations of which Buyer
	acquires knowledge, through any means, at any time after the Closing Date but prior to the expiration of the Limitation Period,
	and shall allow Seller thirty (30) days within which to cure such breach, or, if such breach is susceptible of cure but cannot
	reasonably be cured within thirty (30) days, an additional reasonable time period required to effect such cure so long as such
	cure has been commenced within such thirty (30) days and diligently pursued but in no event more than ninety (90) days. If Seller
	fails to cure such breach after actual written notice and within such cure period (as extended), Buyer’s sole remedy shall
	be an action at law for damages as a consequence thereof, which must be commenced, if at all, within the six (6) months after the
	expiration of the Limitation Period.


	 


	10.         

	Closing

	.


	 


	(a)          The
	purchase and sale transaction contemplated in this Agreement shall occur on the date and in the manner specified in the Basic Terms
	section of this Agreement (the “


	Closing Date


	”), provided that all conditions precedent to the Closing
	have been fulfilled or have been waived in writing by the respective party entitled to waive same.


	 


	(b)          On
	or before the Closing Date, the parties shall establish the usual form of deed and money escrow with Escrow Holder. Counsel for
	the respective parties are hereby authorized to execute the escrow trust instructions as well as any amendments thereto.


	 


	11.         

	Conditions
	to Buyer’s Obligation to Close

	.


	 


	(a)          Buyer
	will not be obligated to proceed with the Closing unless and until each of the following conditions has been either fulfilled or
	waived in writing by Buyer:


	 


	(1)         This
	Agreement shall not have been previously terminated pursuant to any other provision hereof;


	 


	(2)         Seller
	shall be prepared to deliver or cause to be delivered to Buyer all instruments and documents to be delivered to Buyer at the Closing
	pursuant to

	Section 14

	and

	Section 16

	or any other provision of this Agreement; and


	 


	(3)         All
	property managing services provided to the Property under any property management agreement shall have either been (i) assumed
	by Buyer or (ii) terminated on or prior to the Closing at no cost, liability or expense to Buyer.


	 


	(b)          If
	any of the foregoing conditions are not fulfilled on or before the time for Closing hereunder, then subject to the provisions of

	Section 18(b)

	hereof, Buyer may elect, upon notice to Seller, to terminate this Agreement, in which event the Deposit
	shall be returned to Buyer, and neither party shall have any further liability or obligation to the other, except for the provisions
	of this Agreement which are expressly stated to survive the termination of this Agreement.


	 


	12.         

	Conditions
	to Seller’s Obligation to Close

	.


	 


	(a)          Seller
	will not be obligated to proceed with the Closing unless and until each of the following conditions has been fulfilled or waived
	in writing by Seller:


	 






	 



	12



	 







	 




	  


	(1)         Buyer
	shall be prepared to pay to Seller the Purchase Price and all other amounts to be paid to it at Closing pursuant to the provisions
	of this Agreement;


	 


	(2)         Buyer
	shall be prepared to deliver to Seller all instruments and documents to be delivered to Seller at the Closing pursuant to

	Section 15



	and

	Section 16

	or any other provision of this Agreement; and


	 


	(3)         This
	Agreement shall not have been previously terminated pursuant to any other provision hereof.


	 


	(b)          If
	the foregoing conditions are not fulfilled on or before the time for Closing hereunder, then subject to the provisions of

	Section 18(a)

	hereof, Seller may elect, upon notice to Buyer, to terminate this Agreement, in which event the Deposit shall be returned to Buyer,
	and neither party shall have any further liability or obligation to the other, except for the provisions of this Agreement which
	are expressly stated to survive the termination of this Agreement.


	 


	13.         

	Title
	Insurance

	. (a) Following the execution and delivery of this Agreement, at Buyer’s expense, Buyer shall cause Title Company
	to deliver to Buyer a commitment for the Title Policy described in subsection (b) below (the “


	Title Commitment


	”),
	together with legible copies of all of the underlying documentation described in such Title Commitment. Seller shall, within two
	business days after the execution of this Agreement, deliver to Buyer the most recent surveys of the properties that comprise
	the Property in Seller’s possession or control (the “


	Surveys


	”).


	 


	(a)          At
	Closing, and as a condition thereof, Buyer shall receive, at Buyer’s expense, an owner’s title insurance policy (the
	“


	Title Policy


	”) issued by Title Company, dated the day of Closing, with liability in the full amount
	of the Purchase Price, the form of which shall be an American Land Title Association Owner’s Policy, Standard Form B,
	1992 (or other form preferred by Buyer or required or promulgated pursuant to applicable state insurance regulations), subject
	only to the Permitted Exceptions (defined below). The Title Policy may contain any endorsements requested by Buyer.


	 


	(b)          Prior
	to the expiration of the Due Diligence Period, Buyer shall review title to the Property as disclosed by the Title Commitment and
	the Surveys, and satisfy itself as to the availability from the Title Company of the Title Policy and all requested endorsement
	to such Title Policy. Buyer shall have the right to obtain an update of the Surveys or to secure new surveys at any time prior
	to the expiration of the Due Diligence Period.


	 


	(c)          Seller
	shall have no obligation to remove or cure title objections, except for (1) liens of an ascertainable amount created by Seller,
	which liens Seller shall cause to be released at the Closing or affirmatively insured over by the Title Company with Buyer’s
	approval, (2) any exceptions or encumbrances to title which are created by Seller after the date of this Agreement without Buyer’s
	consent, and (3) non-consensual liens which liens Seller shall cause to be released at the Closing or affirmatively insured over
	by the Title Company. In addition, Seller shall provide the Title Company with any affidavits, ALTA statements or personal undertakings
	(collectively, an “


	Owner’s Affidavit


	”), in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Title
	Company, that will permit the Title Company to remove the standard “mechanics lien” and “GAP” exceptions
	and otherwise issue the Title Policy in the form required by Buyer.


	 






	 



	13



	 







	 




	  


	(d)          “


	Permitted
	Exceptions


	” shall mean: (1) any exception arising out of an act of Buyer or its representatives, agents, employees
	or independent contractors; (2) zoning and subdivision ordinances and regulations; (3) the specific exceptions in the Title Commitment
	that the Title Company has not agreed to insure over or remove from the Title Commitment as of the end of the Due Diligence Period
	and that Seller is not required to remove as provided above; (4) items shown on the Surveys or any updated or new surveys of the
	Property which have not been removed as of the end of the Due Diligence Period; (5) real estate taxes and assessments not yet due
	and payable; and (6) rights of tenants under the Leases, as occupancy tenants only and without any rights of first refusal, rights
	of first offer or purchase options.


	 


	14.         

	Documents
	to be Delivered to Buyer at Closing

	. At Closing, Seller shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Buyer each of the following
	instruments and documents:


	 


	(a)          

	Deed.

	The Deed, in the form attached hereto as

	Exhibit C

	.


	 


	(b)          

	Bill
	of Sale

	. The Bill of Sale covering the Personal Property, in the form attached hereto as

	Exhibit D

	.


	 


	(c)          

	The
	Title Policy

	. The Title Policy may be delivered after the Closing if at the Closing the Title Company issues a currently effective,
	duly-executed “marked-up” Title Commitment and irrevocably commits in writing to issue the Title Policy in the form
	of the “marked-up” Title Commitment after the Closing.


	 


	(d)          

	Assignment
	of Leases and Contracts

	. An Assignment of Leases and Contracts, in the form attached hereto as

	Exhibit E

	, transferring
	and assigning to Buyer, to the extent the same are assignable, all right, title and interest of Seller in the Leases and the other
	property described therein.


	 


	(e)          

	Transfer
	Tax Declarations.

	Original copies of any required real estate transfer tax or documentary stamp tax declarations executed by
	Seller or any other similar documentation required to evidence the payment of any tax imposed by the state, county and city on
	the transaction contemplated hereby.


	 


	(f)          

	FIRPTA

	.
	An affidavit, in the form attached hereto as

	Exhibit F

	, stating Seller’s U.S. taxpayer identification number
	and that Seller is a “United States person”, as defined by Internal Revenue Code Section 1445(f)(3) and Section
	7701(b).


	 


	(g)          

	Owner’s
	Affidavit

	. The Owner’s Affidavit materials referred to in

	Section 13(d)

	above.


	 






	 



	14



	 







	 




	  


	(h)          

	Surveys,
	Plans, Permits and Specifications

	. All existing surveys, blueprints,
	drawings, plans and specifications, permits, and operating manuals for or with respect to any of the properties that comprise
	the Property or any part thereof to the extent the same are in Seller’s possession.


	 


	(i)          

	Keys.

	All keys to the improvements, to the extent the same are in Seller’s possession.


	 


	(j)          

	Leases

	. Originals of all Leases in effect on the Closing Date (or copies thereof in the event the originals are not in Seller’s
	possession, or in the possession of Sellers’ property manager and such copies of Leases are in Seller’s possession),
	and the tenant files with respect to such Leases, to the extent the same are in Seller’s possession.


	 


	(k)          

	Certificate.

	  A
	certificate (the “


	Update


	”) of Seller dated as of the Closing Date certifying that the representations
	and warranties of Seller set forth in

	Section 6(a)

	of this Agreement as applicable, remain true and correct in all material
	respects as of the Closing Date, except as to

	Schedule 6(a)(5)

	, which Update shall be dated no earlier than three (3) days
	prior to Closing.


	 


	(l)          

	Other
	Deliveries

	. Such other documents and instruments as may be required by any other provision of this Agreement or as may reasonably
	be required to carry out the terms and intent of this Agreement.


	 


	15.         

	Documents
	to be Delivered to Seller at Closing

	. At Closing, Buyer shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Seller each of the following
	instruments, documents and amounts:


	 


	(a)          

	Purchase
	Price

	. The Purchase Price, subject to adjustment and proration as provided in

	Section 17

	below.


	 


	(b)          

	Transfer
	Tax Declarations

	. Original copies of any required real estate transfer tax or documentary stamp tax declarations executed by
	Buyer or any other similar documentation required to evidence the payment of any tax imposed by the state, county and city on the
	transaction contemplated hereby.


	 


	(c)          

	Assignment
	of Leases

	. A counterpart of the Assignment of Leases and Contracts, in the form attached hereto as

	Exhibit E

	.


	 


	(d)          

	Certificate

	.  A
	certificate of Buyer (the “


	Buyer’s Update


	”) dated as of the Closing Date certifying that the representations
	and warranties of Buyer set forth in

	Section 6(b)

	of this Agreement as applicable, remain true and correct in all material
	respects as of the Closing Date, which Buyer’s Update shall be dated no earlier than three (3) days prior to Closing.


	 


	(e)          

	Other
	Documents

	. Such other documents and instruments as may be required by any other provision of this Agreement or as may reasonably
	be required to carry out the terms and intent of this Agreement.


	 






	 



	15



	 







	 




	  


	16.         

	Documents
	to be Delivered by Seller and Buyer at Closing

	. At Closing, Buyer and Seller shall deliver or cause to be delivered each of
	the following instruments and documents:


	 


	(a)          

	Escrow
	Instructions

	. Escrow instructions (as described in

	Section 10(b)

	).


	 


	(b)          

	Settlement
	Statement

	. A fully executed settlement statement.


	 


	(c)          

	Notice
	to Tenants

	. A duly executed notice to each of the tenants under the Leases.


	 


	17.         

	Prorations
	and Adjustments

	.


	 


	(a)          The
	following items shall be prorated and adjusted based upon the number of calendar days in the measuring period between Seller and
	Buyer as of midnight on the date of Closing, except as otherwise specified:


	 


	(1)         

	Taxes

	.
	All real estate taxes and assessments (“


	Taxes


	”) assessed against the Property for the year of Closing
	shall be prorated as follows: Seller will be responsible for the payment of Taxes applicable to the period before the Closing
	Date, and Buyer will be responsible for the period on and after the Closing Date. If the actual taxes and assessments cannot be
	determined for such year as of the Closing Date, then the parties shall make such proration based upon one hundred ten percent
	(110%) of the most recently issued tax bill for the Property and thereafter, make a final adjustment of such Taxes upon receipt
	of the final bill. The provisions of this

	Section 17(a)(1)

	shall survive Closing.


	 


	(2)         


	 


	(3)         

	Collected
	Rent

	. Buyer shall receive a credit for any rent and other income (and any applicable state or local tax on rent) under Leases
	collected by Seller before Closing that applies to any period after Closing. Uncollected rent and other uncollected income shall
	not be prorated at Closing. After Closing, Buyer shall apply all rent and income collected by Buyer from a tenant (x) first to
	such tenant’s rental obligations for the month in which the Closing occurs, (y) next to such tenant’s monthly rental
	for the month in which the payment is made, and (z) then to arrearages in the reverse order in which they were due, remitting to
	Seller, after deducting collection costs, any rent or expense reimbursements properly allocable to Seller’s period of ownership.
	Buyer shall bill and attempt to collect such rent arrearages in the ordinary course of business, but shall not be obligated to
	engage a collection agency or take legal action to collect any rent arrearages. Any rent or other income received by Seller or
	Buyer after Closing which are owed to Seller or Buyer shall be remitted to Seller or Buyer as applicable, promptly after receipt.


	 






	 



	16



	 







	 




	  


	(b)          

	Tenant
	Security Deposits

	. All unapplied tenant security deposits (and interest thereon if required by law or contract to be earned
	thereon) under the Leases, shall be credited to Buyer at Closing.


	 


	(1)         

	Service
	Contracts

	. With respect to any contracts that are assumed by Buyer and survive the Closing, Seller shall receive a credit for
	prepaid charges and premiums applicable to Buyer’s period of ownership. The Buyer shall receive a credit for any payments
	made in arrears. In addition and without limitation of the foregoing, Buyer shall receive a credit under any assumed contract (each
	a “


	Service Provider Contract


	”) in which Seller has received any advance payments or other income from
	the servicer provider under such Service Provider Contract in exchange for agreeing to enter into such Service Contract (regardless
	of whether such advance payment or other income was paid in a lump sum or in installments). Any lump sum payments shall be pro-rated
	on a straight line basis over the term of any applicable Service Provider Contract.


	 


	(2)         

	Owner
	Deposits

	. Seller shall be entitled to the return of all bonds, deposits, letters of credit, set aside letters or other similar
	items, if any, that are outstanding with respect to the Property that have been provided by Seller or any of its affiliates, agents
	or investment advisors to any governmental agency, public utility, or similar entity (collectively, “


	Owner Deposits

	”

	).
	Buyer shall replace such Owner Deposits. To the extent that any funds are released as a result of the termination of any Owner
	Deposits for which Seller did not receive a credit, such funds shall be delivered to Seller immediately upon their receipt.


	 


	(c)          

	Final
	Prorations

	. With regards to any prorations set forth in this

	Section 17

	that are based upon estimates, such prorations
	shall be readjusted based upon the actual bills after the Closing and before the expiration of the Limitation Period. The provisions
	of this

	Section 17(c)

	shall survive Closing.


	 


	18.         

	Default;
	Termination

	. (a) IF THE CLOSING FAILS TO OCCUR BECAUSE OF BUYER’S DEFAULT, THE DEPOSIT SHALL BE RETAINED BY SELLER AS
	LIQUIDATED DAMAGES. THE PARTIES HERETO EXPRESSLY AGREE AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT SELLER’S ACTUAL DAMAGES IN THE EVENT OF A DEFAULT
	BY BUYER WOULD BE EXTREMELY DIFFICULT OR IMPRACTICABLE TO ASCERTAIN BECAUSE OF THE NATURE OF THE PROPERTY AND THAT THE AMOUNT
	OF THE DEPOSIT REPRESENTS THE PARTIES’ REASONABLE ESTIMATE OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE PAYMENT OF SUCH AMOUNT AS LIQUIDATED DAMAGES
	IS NOT INTENDED AS A FORFEITURE OR PENALTY WITHIN THE MEANING OF ANY APPLICABLE LAWS, BUT IS INTENDED TO CONSTITUTE LIQUIDATED
	DAMAGES TO SELLER. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED IN THIS

	SECTION 18

	, SELLER AND BUYER AGREE THAT THIS
	LIQUIDATED DAMAGES PROVISION IS INTENDED TO BE SELLER’S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR A DEFAULT BY BUYER, BUT IS NOT INTENDED
	AND SHOULD NOT BE DEEMED OR CONSTRUED TO LIMIT IN ANY WAY BUYER’S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.


	 






	 



	17



	 







	 




	  


	SELLER’S INITIALS: _____ 	                 BUYER’S INITIALS: _____


	 


	(b)          If
	Seller defaults in any material respect hereunder, then provided Buyer is not in default any material respect, Buyer may, at its
	sole election, either:


	 


	(1)         Terminate
	this Agreement, whereupon the Deposit shall be promptly returned to Buyer, as well as Buyer’s actual out of pocket costs
	to unrelated and independent third party vendors, including reasonable attorneys’ fees incurred as a result of this transaction,
	which costs and fees shall not exceed One Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($100,000.00), and neither party shall have any further
	liability or obligation to the other, except for the provisions of this Agreement which are expressly stated to survive the termination
	of this Agreement; or


	 


	(2)         Assert
	and seek judgment against Seller for specific performance with respect to one or more (at Buyer’s election) of the properties
	that comprise the Property; provided that if Buyer elects to purchase less than all of such properties, then the Purchase Price
	will be reduced by the aggregate Assigned Home Value of the excluded properties. If a court of competent jurisdiction determines
	that the remedy of specific performance is not available to Buyer, then Buyer shall have the right to assert and seek judgment
	against Seller for actual contract damages.


	 


	19.         

	Expenses

	.


	 


	(a)          Buyer
	shall pay Buyer’s closing costs, including Buyer’s attorney’s fees, title insurance premiums for the Title Policy,
	all state and county transfer taxes, all recording fees related to the recording a the Special Warranty Deed or any Deed of Trust
	or related loan document, and half of the Escrow Holder fee.


	 


	(b)          Seller
	shall for the cost of the title abstract and for Seller’s closing costs, including Seller’s attorney’s fees and
	half of the Escrow Holder fee.


	 


	(c)          All
	other costs, charges, and expenses shall be borne and paid as provided in this Agreement, or in the absence of such provision,
	in accordance with custom where the properties in question are located.


	 


	20.         

	Intermediaries

	.
	Seller represents to Buyer, and Buyer represents to Seller that there are no fees owed to any broker, finder, or intermediary
	of any kind with whom such party has dealt in connection with this transaction. Except as expressly set forth above, if any claim
	is made for broker’s or finder’s fees or commissions in connection with the negotiation, execution or consummation
	of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, each party shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless the other party
	from and against any such claim based upon any statement, representation or agreement of such party, which obligation shall survive
	Closing.


	 






	 



	18



	 







	 




	  


	21.         

	Destruction
	of Improvements

	.


	 


	(a)          If,
	prior to Closing, any of the Improvements on any of the properties that comprise the Property are damaged or destroyed such that
	the cost of repair or replacement of such improvements is material (“


	Material Damage


	”), or a condemnation
	proceeding is commenced or threatened in writing by a governmental or quasi-governmental agency with the power of eminent domain
	(“


	Condemnation


	”), then:


	 


	(1)         Buyer
	may elect, within fourteen (14) days from receipt of notice of said Material Damage, or notice of a Condemnation, by written notice
	to Seller, to exclude the individual property affected by such event from this transaction; provided that if more than twenty-five
	percent (25%) of the properties that comprise the Property suffer Material Damage, or become the subject of a Condemnation, then
	Buyer may terminate this Agreement. If necessary, the time of Closing shall be extended to permit Buyer to evaluate and make the
	elections contemplated in this

	Section 21

	. If Buyer elects to terminate this Agreement in accordance with this

	Section
	21

	, then the Deposit shall be returned to Buyer and, except for the provisions of this Agreement that expressly survive Closing
	or earlier termination of this Agreement, this Agreement shall be void and of no further force and effect, and neither party shall
	have any liability to the other by reason hereof; or


	 


	(2)         If
	Buyer elects to exclude certain properties from this transaction, and proceed to the Closing, then the Purchase Price will be reduced
	by the aggregate Assigned Home Value of the excluded properties. If, however, it is determined that any damage to one or more properties
	does not constitute a Material Damage, or Buyer elects to purchase one or more properties that have suffered Material Damage, then
	the transaction contemplated hereby shall be closed without a reduction in the Purchase Price, and Seller shall assign to Buyer
	Seller’s rights in any insurance proceeds or Condemnation award to be paid to Seller in connection with such damage or Condemnation,
	and, in the case of Material Damage, Seller shall pay to Buyer an amount equal to the deductible under Seller’s policy of
	casualty insurance and Seller shall execute and deliver to Buyer all required proofs of loss, assignments of claims and other similar
	items.


	 


	(b)          For
	purposes of this

	Section 21

	, damage or destruction will be considered “Material Damage” if one or more of the
	properties that comprise the Property are rendered uninhabitable, or if the time to repair such damage, despite reasonable expectations
	with respect to repairs, is reasonably by Buyer to exceed three months. If, prior to Closing, any of the improvements on the Property
	are damaged or destroyed and such damage is not Material Damage, Buyer shall remain obligated to close hereunder with no abatement
	in the Purchase Price. At Closing, Seller shall assign to Buyer Seller’s rights in any insurance proceeds to be paid to Seller
	in connection with such damage or destruction, and Buyer shall receive a credit against the Purchase Price in an amount equal to
	the deductible amount under Seller’s casualty insurance policy.


	 






	 



	19



	 







	 




	  


	22.         

	General
	Provisions

	.


	 


	(a)          

	Entire
	Agreement

	. This written Agreement, including all Exhibits attached hereto and documents to be delivered pursuant hereto, shall
	constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties, and there are no other prior or contemporaneous written or oral
	agreements, undertakings, promises, warranties, or covenants not contained herein.


	 


	(b)          

	Amendments
	in Writing

	. This Agreement may be amended only by a written memorandum subsequently executed by all of the parties hereto.


	 


	(c)          

	Waiver

	.
	No waiver of any provision or condition of this Agreement by any party shall be valid unless in writing signed by such party. No
	such waiver shall be taken as a waiver of any other or similar provision or of any future event, act, or default.


	 


	(d)          

	Time
	of the Essence

	. Time is of the essence of this Agreement. However, if Buyer is acting diligently and in good faith to proceed
	with the consummation of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement on the Closing Date, Seller will agree, upon the written
	request of Buyer, to extend the Closing Date up to three (3) business days. In the computation of any period of time provided for
	in this Agreement or by law, any date falling on a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday when banks are not open for business in the
	State where the Property is located, will be deemed to refer to the next day which is not a Saturday, Sunday, or legal holiday
	when banks are not open for business in such State.


	 


	(e)          

	Severability

	.
	If any provision of this Agreement is rendered unenforceable in whole or in part, such provision will be limited to the extent
	necessary to render the remainder of the Agreement valid, or will be deemed to be removed from this Agreement, as circumstances
	require, and this Agreement shall be construed as if said provision had been incorporated herein as so limited, or as if said provision
	has not been included herein, as the case may be.


	 


	(f)          

	Headings

	.
	Headings of sections are for convenience of reference only, and shall not be construed as a part of this Agreement.


	 


	(g)          

	Successors
	and Assigns

	. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefits of the parties hereto, and their respective
	successors, and permitted assigns. This Agreement may not be assigned by either party without the consent of the other party, except
	that Buyer may, without consent from Seller, assign this Agreement to an affiliate of Buyer, Reven Housing REIT, Inc., or any affiliate
	of Reven Housing REIT, Inc. or any entity formed by Buyer for the purpose of acquiring or taking title to the Property; provided
	that such assignment will not release Buyer from its obligations under this Agreement. Any assignment in accordance with this

	Section
	22(g)

	will entitle the assignee thereunder to all rights and benefits, and subject such assignee to all obligations, of Buyer
	hereunder.


	 






	 



	20



	 







	 




	  


	(h)          

	Notices

	.
	All notices and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed, or sent by Federal
	Express, UPS or other recognized overnight courier service for next business day delivery, or sent by facsimile transmission or
	electronic mail (so long as reasonable evidence that such notice was sent and received is obtained by the sending party). Any notice
	provided hereunder shall be deemed to be given when sent in accordance with this provision, but any time to respond to such notice
	as provided in this Agreement will not commence until the actual receipt of the notice. Notices will be deemed valid if sent to
	the parties as follows:


	 


	IF TO BUYER


	 


	Reven Housing
	REIT, Inc.


	P.O. Box 1459


	La Jolla, California
	92038-1459


	Phone: 858-459-4000


	e-mail: cmc@revenhousingreit.com


	e-mail: mps@revenhousingreit.com


	Attention: Chad
	Carpenter and Michael Soni


	 


	with a copy to:


	 


	Greenberg Traurig, LLP


	1000 Louisiana


	Suite 1700


	Houston, Texas 77002


	Phone: (713) 374-3521


	e-mail: parkerd@gtlaw.com


	Attention: David
	W. Parker


	 






	 



	21



	 







	 




	  


	IF TO SELLER:


	 


	H&J Properties, LLC


	310 Germantown Bend Cove,
	Suite 103


	Cordova, Tennessee 38018


	Phone:901-428-6884


	e-mail:Huletgregory@bellsouth.net


	Attention: Hulet T. Gregory


	 


	With copies to:


	 


	M. Neal Hanna, Attorney


	871 ridgeway Loop Suite 115


	Memphis, Tennessee 38120


	Phone: 901-753-1600


	e-mail: Neal.Hanna@saddlecreektitle.com


	 


	IF TO ESCROW HOLDER:


	 


	Fidelity National Title Insurance
	Company


	1300 Dove Street, Suite 130


	Newport Beach, California 
	92660


	Phone: (949) 221-4715


	e-mail: paul.mcdonald@fnf.com


	Attention:  Paul McDonald


	 


	or to such additional or other persons, at
	such other address or addresses as may be designated by notice from Buyer or Seller, as the case may be, to the other. Notices
	by mail shall be sent by United States certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, and shall be deemed
	given upon receipt or refusal of receipt. Notices by facsimile or electronic mail shall be deemed given and effective upon receipt
	or refusal of receipt. Notices by overnight courier shall be deemed given and effective upon receipt or refusal of receipt from
	Federal Express, UPS or another recognized overnight courier service.


	 


	(i)          

	Governing
	Law; Venue

	. To the extent enforceable, the parties agree that this Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the internal
	laws of the State of Tennessee; provided that if the dispute involves an individual property the law of the State where such property
	is located will apply. In any dispute arising out of or related to this Agreement, an action must be brought in Federal or State
	court, as applicable, in the County of Shelby, City of Memphis, Tennessee. The provisions of this

	Section

	will survive the
	termination of this Agreement.


	 






	 



	22



	 







	 




	  


	(j)          

	Counterparts

	.
	This Agreement may be executed in any number of identical counterparts, any or all of which may contain the signatures of less
	than all of the parties, and all of which shall be construed together as but a single instrument.


	 


	(k)          

	Attorneys’
	Fees

	. If any action or proceeding brought by either party against the other under this Agreement, the prevailing party shall
	be entitled to recover all costs and expenses including its attorneys’ fees in such action or proceeding in such amount as
	the court may adjudge reasonable. The prevailing party shall be determined by the court based upon an assessment of which party’s
	major arguments made or positions taken in the proceedings could fairly be said to have prevailed over the other party’s
	major arguments or positions on major disputed issues in the court’s decision. If the party that commenced or instituted
	the action, suit or proceeding dismisses or discontinues it without the concurrence of the other party, such other party shall
	be deemed the prevailing party. The provisions of this

	Section 22(k)

	will survive any termination of this Agreement.


	 


	(l)          

	Construction

	.
	This Agreement will not be construed more strictly against either party by virtue of the fact that it was prepared by one party
	or its counsel, it being recognized that each party hereto has had the opportunity to review, have its counsel review, and provide
	input into this Agreement. All words herein that are expressed in the neuter gender shall be deemed to include the masculine, feminine
	and neuter genders and any word herein that is expressed in the singular or plural shall be deemed, whenever appropriate in the
	context, to include the plural and the singular.


	 


	(m)          

	Reporting
	Obligations

	. Seller and Buyer hereby designate Escrow Holder to act as and perform the duties and obligations of the “reporting
	person” with respect to the transaction contemplated by this Agreement for purposes of 26 C.F.R. Section 1.6045-4(e)(5)
	relating to the requirements for information reporting on real estate transactions. If required under applicable law, Seller, Buyer
	and Escrow Holder shall execute at Closing a Designation Agreement designating the Escrow Holder as the reporting person with respect
	to the transaction contemplated by this Agreement.


	 


	(n)          

	1031
	Exchange

	. Either party may involve this transaction in a like-kind exchange under Internal Revenue Code Section 1031, the cost
	and expense of which will be borne solely by the party invoking such structure. Each party shall reasonably cooperate with the
	other in such structure, provided that the party that is not participating in a like-kind exchange shall incur no material costs,
	expenses or liabilities in connection with the other’s exchange and will not be required to take title to or contract for
	purchase of any other property. If either party uses a qualified intermediary or exchange accommodator to effectuate the exchange,
	any assignment of the rights or obligations of such party shall not relieve, release or absolve such party of its obligations to
	the other.


	 






	 



	23



	 







	 




	  


	(o)          

	Bulk
	Sales

	. Seller agrees to indemnify and hold Buyer, any permitted assignee of Buyer’s rights under this Agreement and any
	of their respective affiliates, officers, directors, shareholders, members, partners, agents, employees and advisors (collectively,
	the “


	Indemnified Parties


	”) harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, costs, expenses,
	liens, actions and causes of actions (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses) that may be
	incurred by, or asserted against, Buyer, any of the other Indemnified Parties or the Property by reason of either such noncompliance
	with the Bulk Sales laws applicable in the state or states where the Property is located, or the failure of Seller to have paid
	any taxes, penalties or interest which are the subject of such laws. The provisions and obligations of this

	Section 24(o)

	shall survive the Closing.


	 


	(p)          

	Confidentiality

	.
	Buyer, Seller, and their respective representatives shall hold in strictest confidence all data and information obtained with respect
	to the transaction contemplated herein, including, without limitation, the operation and management of the Property, whether obtained
	before or after the execution and delivery hereof, as well as of Buyer’s plans to purchase the Property or other properties
	in other locations, and shall not use such data or information for purposes unrelated to this Agreement or disclose the same to
	others except as expressly permitted hereunder. The preceding sentence shall not be construed to prevent Buyer or Seller from disclosing
	to their prospective lenders or investors, or to its officers, directors, attorneys, accountants, architects, engineers and consultants
	to perform their designated tasks in connection with Buyer’s inspection and proposed acquisition of the Property, provided
	Buyer advises any such party of the confidential nature of the information disclosed. However, neither party shall have this obligation
	concerning information which: (a) is published or becomes publicly available through no fault of either the Buyer or Seller;
	(b) is rightfully received from a third party; or (c) is required to be disclosed by law. Notwithstanding the preceding,
	nothing in this Agreement will prevent or be deemed to limit Buyer’s ability to disclose the existence of this Agreement,
	and the nature of any material terms herein, to the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental agency to which
	Buyer, or its successors hereunder, have a disclosure obligation under any applicable law. The terms of this Section 22(p) shall
	survive the consummation of the transaction contemplated herein or the earlier termination of this Agreement.


	 


	(q)          

	Post-Closing
	Vacancy Holdback

	. Fifteen Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($15,000) of the Purchase Price (the “


	Post-Closing Vacancy
	Holdback


	”) shall be withheld by the Escrow Holder subject to the following terms. If any of the properties that comprise
	the Property become tenantless or vacant because the tenant or other occupant breached the lease or other occupancy agreement within
	ninety (90) days after Closing, for each such property, Buyer shall provide back-up documentation reasonably satisfactory to Seller
	documenting the breach and missing tenant or vacancy and shall be refunded Five Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($5,000.00) from the
	Post-Closing Vacancy Holdback. After ninety (90) days have elapsed after the closing, the balance of the Post-Closing Vacancy Holdback,
	if any, shall be delivered to Seller.


	 






	 



	24



	 







	 




	  


	(r)          

	Post-Closing
	Return of Properties

	. If during the ninety (90) day period after Closing Buyer learns that any leases, other occupancy agreements
	or contracts of any kind on properties that comprise the Property provide the tenant, occupant or any other third party with an
	option to purchase the property, a right of first refusal, a right of first offer or any other contractual option or right to purchase
	the property, then the sale of such property to Buyer shall be rescinded and the purchase price of such property shall be refunded
	by Seller to Buyer within thirty (30) days of Buyer’s written notice to Seller. Buyer’s notice to Seller shall include
	back-up documentation reasonably satisfactory to Seller demonstrating the existence of the option to purchase the property, a right
	of first refusal, a right of first offer, or any other contractual option or right to purchase the property.


	 


	[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]


	 






	 



	25



	 







	 




	 


	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
	parties have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the day and year first above written.


	 




	 



	SELLER





	 


	 




	 


	H&J PROPERTIES, LLC, a Tennessee limited liability company




	 


	 


	 




	 


	By:


	/s/ Hulet T. Gregory




	 


	Name:


	  Hulet T. Gregory




	 


	Title:


	Chief Member




	 


	 


	 




	 



	BUYER





	 


	 




	 



	Reven HOUSING REIT

	, INC., a Maryland corporation




	 


	 


	 




	 


	By:


	/s/ Chad Carpenter




	 


	 


	Chad Carpenter




	 


	 


	Chief Executive Officer




	 






	 



	26



	 







	 




	  





	LIST OF EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES




	 







	EXHIBITS




	 




	DESCRIPTIONS






	 


	 


	 





	1. EXHIBIT A



	 



	DESCRIPTION OF THE PROPERTIES






	2. EXHIBIT B



	 



	LIST OF CONTRACTS






	3. EXHIBIT C



	 



	FORM OF DEED






	4. EXHIBIT D



	 



	FORM OF BILL OF SALE






	5. EXHIBIT E



	 



	FORM OF ASSIGNMENT OF LEASES AND CONTRACTS






	6. EXHIBIT F



	 



	FORM OF FIRPTA AFFIDAVIT






	7. EXHIBIT G



	 



	TENANT ESTOPPEL AGREEMENT






	8. EXHIBIT H



	 



	FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR 3-14 AUDIT





	 






	SCHEDULES




	 




	DESCRIPTIONS






	 


	 


	 





	1. 6(a)(3)



	 



	PROPERTY INFORMATION






	2. 6(a)(5)



	 



	LIST OF LEASES






	 




	 




	 












Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




9:40 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:38aBREAKINGStock market opens lower as Wall Street resumes tech selling
9:38aDestination Maternity plummets toward record low after merger deal terminated
9:38aThis is how Congress could craft a bipartisan health-care bill
9:36aMeet the ‘Hamilton’ actors who fly cross-country and play up to 18 roles in the hit show
9:34aTrump’s time—and political capital—is quickly running out
9:33aConsumer Discretionary Select Sector SPDR ETF falls 1% as Amazon.com sinks 4.1%
9:31aDow Jones Industrial Average opens less than 0.1% lower
9:31aS&P 500 opens down 0.2%
9:31aNasdaq Composite Index opens down 0.6%
9:30aU.S. stocks open lower as tech, consumer discretionary shares fall
9:24aDollar turns lower for the week following GDP report
9:18aGet ready for the less-profitable Amazon that you used to know 
9:18a‘Skinny’ repeal of Obamacare fails to pass in late-night Senate vote
9:17aGold turns higher as dollar holds loss after GDP report shows as-expected rebound
9:14aScaramucci provides a shocking Bannon comparison that defies anatomy
9:13aStock futures trim losses after GDP data; tech shares weigh on Nasdaq 
9:12aMattel stock price target cut to $22 from $24 at D.A. Davidson
9:11aStarbucks stock price target cut to $67 from $70 at Instinet
9:11aMasterCard stock price target raised to $153 from $134 at Instinet
9:11aCan Snap fall even more as lockups expire?
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,776.84

-19.71
-0.09%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,357.82

-24.36
-0.38%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,470.75

-4.67
-0.19%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































RVEN Stock Price - Reven Housing REIT Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: Nasdaq) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,776.84


-19.71


-0.09%











S&P 500

2,470.75


-4.67


-0.19%











Nasdaq

6,357.82


-24.36


-0.38%











GlobalDow

2,844.32


-6.76


-0.24%











Gold

1,269.50


3.00


0.24%











Oil

49.34


0.30


0.61%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



ALGN 
5.6




MHK 
4.7




COL 
3.8




LYB 
3.8






GT
-12.8




FLS
-11.6




MAT
-9.0




SBUX
-7.4














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








9:38a

Breaking
Stock market opens lower as Wall Street resumes tech selling



9:38a

Destination Maternity plummets toward record low after merger deal terminated



9:37a

Updated
This is how Congress could craft a bipartisan health-care bill



9:35a

Updated
Meet the ‘Hamilton’ actors who fly cross-country and play up to 18 roles in the hit show



9:34a

Opinion
Trump’s time—and political capital—is quickly running out



9:32a

Consumer Discretionary Select Sector SPDR ETF falls 1% as Amazon.com sinks 4.1%



9:30a

Nasdaq Composite Index opens down 0.6%



9:30a

S&P 500 opens down 0.2%



9:30a

Dow Jones Industrial Average opens less than 0.1% lower



9:30a

U.S. stocks open lower as tech, consumer discretionary shares fall












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


RVEN


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
Nasdaq

 



RVEN
U.S.: Nasdaq


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Reven Housing REIT Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateRVENAlert



  


Open

Last Updated: Jul 28, 2017 9:38 a.m. EDT
Real time quote



$
4.856



0.356
7.91%






Previous Close




$4.5830





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




50.46% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    875
                


                65 Day Avg. - 1.7K
            





Open: 5.74
Last: 4.856



4.8560
Day Low/High
5.7600





Day Range



4.2100
52 Week Low/High
6.0900


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$5.74



Day Range
4.8560 - 5.7600



52 Week Range
4.2100 - 6.0900



Market Cap
n/a



Shares Outstanding
10.73M



Public Float
2.95M



Beta
-1.24



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
n/a



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
22.35K
07/14/17


% of Float Shorted
0.76%



Average Volume
1.73K




 


Performance




5 Day


-5.89%







1 Month


-1.94%







3 Month


-17.69%







YTD


-10.07%







1 Year


-16.99%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






10-Q: REVEN HOUSING REIT, INC.
10-Q: REVEN HOUSING REIT, INC.

May. 12, 2017 at 6:16 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Top 3 Residential REIT Picks Of May 2017
Top 3 Residential REIT Picks Of May 2017

May. 3, 2017 at 4:45 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-K: REVEN HOUSING REIT, INC.


Mar. 24, 2017 at 1:20 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Biggest Movers in Financial Stocks Now – PBIB FSB BSBR SFE


Dec. 28, 2016 at 11:15 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Blackstone's Invitation Homes reportedly files for IPO


Dec. 1, 2016 at 7:57 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Reven Housing acquires 97-home portfolio


Nov. 30, 2016 at 8:12 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Hottest Financial Stocks Now – MSB MFNC WETF LOAN


Nov. 23, 2016 at 4:30 p.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Biggest Movers in Financial Stocks Now – BSBR CHCT SMFG ITUB


Nov. 21, 2016 at 11:30 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





10-Q: REVEN HOUSING REIT, INC.


Nov. 14, 2016 at 6:30 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: REVEN HOUSING REIT, INC.


Aug. 11, 2016 at 6:29 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Single-family plays aim for critical mass, better efficiency


Jun. 13, 2014 at 12:55 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha









Reven Housing REIT Acquires 68 SFR Portfolio in Birmingham, Alabama


Apr. 20, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Reven Housing REIT Acquires 20 SFR Portfolio in Memphis, Tennessee


Apr. 4, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Reven Housing REIT Acquires 38 SFR Portfolio in Atlanta, Georgia


Mar. 20, 2017 at 6:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Reven Housing REIT, Inc. (Nasdaq: RVEN) to Ring The Nasdaq Stock Market Closing Bell


Jan. 11, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Reven Housing REIT to Ring The NASDAQ Stock Market Closing Bell


Jan. 5, 2017 at 6:25 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Reven Housing REIT Acquires 97 SFR Portfolio in Houston, Texas


Nov. 30, 2016 at 6:41 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





RVEN Closes Minimum Public Offering


Aug. 29, 2016 at 1:39 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





RVEN Closes Minimum Public Offering


Aug. 29, 2016 at 1:39 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF








  



 
   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AMZN

-3.61%








SBUX

-7.33%








XOM

-2.16%








IMGN

7.22%








FSLR

7.21%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.












RVEN Stock Price - Reven Housing REIT Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: Nasdaq) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,776.84


-19.71


-0.09%











S&P 500

2,470.75


-4.67


-0.19%











Nasdaq

6,357.82


-24.36


-0.38%











GlobalDow

2,844.32


-6.76


-0.24%











Gold

1,269.50


3.00


0.24%











Oil

49.34


0.30


0.61%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



ALGN 
5.6




MHK 
4.7




COL 
3.8




LYB 
3.8






GT
-12.8




FLS
-11.6




MAT
-9.0




SBUX
-7.4














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








9:38a

Breaking
Stock market opens lower as Wall Street resumes tech selling



9:38a

Destination Maternity plummets toward record low after merger deal terminated



9:37a

Updated
This is how Congress could craft a bipartisan health-care bill



9:35a

Updated
Meet the ‘Hamilton’ actors who fly cross-country and play up to 18 roles in the hit show



9:34a

Opinion
Trump’s time—and political capital—is quickly running out



9:32a

Consumer Discretionary Select Sector SPDR ETF falls 1% as Amazon.com sinks 4.1%



9:30a

Nasdaq Composite Index opens down 0.6%



9:30a

S&P 500 opens down 0.2%



9:30a

Dow Jones Industrial Average opens less than 0.1% lower



9:30a

U.S. stocks open lower as tech, consumer discretionary shares fall












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


RVEN


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
Nasdaq

 



RVEN
U.S.: Nasdaq


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Reven Housing REIT Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateRVENAlert



  


Open

Last Updated: Jul 28, 2017 9:38 a.m. EDT
Real time quote



$
4.856



0.356
7.91%






Previous Close




$4.5830





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




50.46% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    875
                


                65 Day Avg. - 1.7K
            





Open: 5.74
Last: 4.856



4.8560
Day Low/High
5.7600





Day Range



4.2100
52 Week Low/High
6.0900


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$5.74



Day Range
4.8560 - 5.7600



52 Week Range
4.2100 - 6.0900



Market Cap
n/a



Shares Outstanding
10.73M



Public Float
2.95M



Beta
-1.24



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
n/a



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
22.35K
07/14/17


% of Float Shorted
0.76%



Average Volume
1.73K




 


Performance




5 Day


-5.89%







1 Month


-1.94%







3 Month


-17.69%







YTD


-10.07%







1 Year


-16.99%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






10-Q: REVEN HOUSING REIT, INC.
10-Q: REVEN HOUSING REIT, INC.

May. 12, 2017 at 6:16 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Top 3 Residential REIT Picks Of May 2017
Top 3 Residential REIT Picks Of May 2017

May. 3, 2017 at 4:45 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-K: REVEN HOUSING REIT, INC.


Mar. 24, 2017 at 1:20 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Biggest Movers in Financial Stocks Now – PBIB FSB BSBR SFE


Dec. 28, 2016 at 11:15 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Blackstone's Invitation Homes reportedly files for IPO


Dec. 1, 2016 at 7:57 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Reven Housing acquires 97-home portfolio


Nov. 30, 2016 at 8:12 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Hottest Financial Stocks Now – MSB MFNC WETF LOAN


Nov. 23, 2016 at 4:30 p.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Biggest Movers in Financial Stocks Now – BSBR CHCT SMFG ITUB


Nov. 21, 2016 at 11:30 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





10-Q: REVEN HOUSING REIT, INC.


Nov. 14, 2016 at 6:30 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: REVEN HOUSING REIT, INC.


Aug. 11, 2016 at 6:29 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Single-family plays aim for critical mass, better efficiency


Jun. 13, 2014 at 12:55 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha









Reven Housing REIT Acquires 68 SFR Portfolio in Birmingham, Alabama


Apr. 20, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Reven Housing REIT Acquires 20 SFR Portfolio in Memphis, Tennessee


Apr. 4, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Reven Housing REIT Acquires 38 SFR Portfolio in Atlanta, Georgia


Mar. 20, 2017 at 6:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Reven Housing REIT, Inc. (Nasdaq: RVEN) to Ring The Nasdaq Stock Market Closing Bell


Jan. 11, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Reven Housing REIT to Ring The NASDAQ Stock Market Closing Bell


Jan. 5, 2017 at 6:25 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Reven Housing REIT Acquires 97 SFR Portfolio in Houston, Texas


Nov. 30, 2016 at 6:41 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





RVEN Closes Minimum Public Offering


Aug. 29, 2016 at 1:39 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





RVEN Closes Minimum Public Offering


Aug. 29, 2016 at 1:39 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF








  



 
   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AMZN

-3.61%








SBUX

-7.33%








XOM

-2.16%








IMGN

7.22%








FSLR

7.21%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.










 

Reven Housing Reit































Contact
News
Acquisitions
Investor Relations
About Us





 


Philosophy
Team


Underwriting
Target Markets
UPREIT Option


Press Releases
Articles
Videos











Search





 

 









Main 























Reven Housing on Twitter
Reven Housing on Facebook
Reven Housing on LinkedIn




Terms of Use
Disclaimer


Privacy Policy
Site Map


©Reven 2015




























Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




9:40 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:38aBREAKINGStock market opens lower as Wall Street resumes tech selling
9:38aDestination Maternity plummets toward record low after merger deal terminated
9:38aThis is how Congress could craft a bipartisan health-care bill
9:36aMeet the ‘Hamilton’ actors who fly cross-country and play up to 18 roles in the hit show
9:34aTrump’s time—and political capital—is quickly running out
9:33aConsumer Discretionary Select Sector SPDR ETF falls 1% as Amazon.com sinks 4.1%
9:31aDow Jones Industrial Average opens less than 0.1% lower
9:31aS&P 500 opens down 0.2%
9:31aNasdaq Composite Index opens down 0.6%
9:30aU.S. stocks open lower as tech, consumer discretionary shares fall
9:24aDollar turns lower for the week following GDP report
9:18aGet ready for the less-profitable Amazon that you used to know 
9:18a‘Skinny’ repeal of Obamacare fails to pass in late-night Senate vote
9:17aGold turns higher as dollar holds loss after GDP report shows as-expected rebound
9:14aScaramucci provides a shocking Bannon comparison that defies anatomy
9:13aStock futures trim losses after GDP data; tech shares weigh on Nasdaq 
9:12aMattel stock price target cut to $22 from $24 at D.A. Davidson
9:11aStarbucks stock price target cut to $67 from $70 at Instinet
9:11aMasterCard stock price target raised to $153 from $134 at Instinet
9:11aCan Snap fall even more as lockups expire?
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,778.03

-18.52
-0.08%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,357.78

-24.41
-0.38%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,470.86

-4.56
-0.18%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15




















































    RVEN News - Reven Housing REIT Inc. Company News & Press Releases - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Reven Housing REIT Inc.

                  NASDAQ: RVEN
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Reven Housing REIT Inc.



Market open
 --Real time quotes
Jul 28, 2017, 9:38 a.m.


RVEN

/quotes/zigman/34416329/composite


$
4.86




Change

+0.36
+7.91%

Volume
Volume 875
Real time quotes








/quotes/zigman/34416329/composite
Previous close

$
			4.58
		


$
				4.86
			
Change

+0.36
+7.91%





Day low
Day high
$4.86
$5.76










52 week low
52 week high

            $4.21
        

            $6.09
        

















/news/latest/company/us/rven

      MarketWatch News on RVEN
    
No News currently available for RVEN







/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/rven

      Other News on RVEN
    




 10-Q: REVEN HOUSING REIT, INC.
6:16 a.m. May 12, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Top 3 Residential REIT Picks Of May 2017

4:45 p.m. May 3, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha




 10-K: REVEN HOUSING REIT, INC.
1:20 p.m. March 24, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Biggest Movers in Financial Stocks Now – PBIB FSB BSBR SFE

12:15 p.m. Dec. 28, 2016
 - InvestorPlace.com





Blackstone's Invitation Homes reportedly files for IPO

8:57 a.m. Dec. 1, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





Reven Housing acquires 97-home portfolio

9:12 a.m. Nov. 30, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





Hottest Financial Stocks Now – MSB MFNC WETF LOAN

5:30 p.m. Nov. 23, 2016
 - InvestorPlace.com





Biggest Movers in Financial Stocks Now – BSBR CHCT SMFG ITUB

12:30 p.m. Nov. 21, 2016
 - InvestorPlace.com




 10-Q: REVEN HOUSING REIT, INC.
7:29 a.m. Nov. 14, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: REVEN HOUSING REIT, INC.
6:28 a.m. Aug. 11, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Single-family plays aim for critical mass, better efficiency

12:55 p.m. June 13, 2014
 - Seeking Alpha









/news/pressrelease/company/us/rven

      Press Releases on RVEN
    




 Reven Housing REIT Acquires 68 SFR Portfolio in Birmingham, Alabama
7:00 a.m. April 20, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Reven Housing REIT Acquires 20 SFR Portfolio in Memphis, Tennessee
9:00 a.m. April 4, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Reven Housing REIT Acquires 38 SFR Portfolio in Atlanta, Georgia
6:00 a.m. March 20, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Reven Housing REIT, Inc. (Nasdaq: RVEN) to Ring The Nasdaq Stock Market Closing Bell
11:00 a.m. Jan. 11, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Reven Housing REIT to Ring The NASDAQ Stock Market Closing Bell
7:25 a.m. Jan. 5, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Reven Housing REIT Acquires 97 SFR Portfolio in Houston, Texas
7:41 a.m. Nov. 30, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 RVEN Closes Minimum Public Offering
1:39 p.m. Aug. 29, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 RVEN Closes Minimum Public Offering
1:39 p.m. Aug. 29, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




















Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




9:40 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:38aBREAKINGStock market opens lower as Wall Street resumes tech selling
9:38aDestination Maternity plummets toward record low after merger deal terminated
9:38aThis is how Congress could craft a bipartisan health-care bill
9:36aMeet the ‘Hamilton’ actors who fly cross-country and play up to 18 roles in the hit show
9:34aTrump’s time—and political capital—is quickly running out
9:33aConsumer Discretionary Select Sector SPDR ETF falls 1% as Amazon.com sinks 4.1%
9:31aDow Jones Industrial Average opens less than 0.1% lower
9:31aS&P 500 opens down 0.2%
9:31aNasdaq Composite Index opens down 0.6%
9:30aU.S. stocks open lower as tech, consumer discretionary shares fall
9:24aDollar turns lower for the week following GDP report
9:18aGet ready for the less-profitable Amazon that you used to know 
9:18a‘Skinny’ repeal of Obamacare fails to pass in late-night Senate vote
9:17aGold turns higher as dollar holds loss after GDP report shows as-expected rebound
9:14aScaramucci provides a shocking Bannon comparison that defies anatomy
9:13aStock futures trim losses after GDP data; tech shares weigh on Nasdaq 
9:12aMattel stock price target cut to $22 from $24 at D.A. Davidson
9:11aStarbucks stock price target cut to $67 from $70 at Instinet
9:11aMasterCard stock price target raised to $153 from $134 at Instinet
9:11aCan Snap fall even more as lockups expire?
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,776.80

-19.75
-0.09%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,357.82

-24.36
-0.38%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,470.71

-4.71
-0.19%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































IPO - Reven Housing REIT, Inc.














































What We Offer

Impact Portfolio
Trading Account
IPOs



Why Motif


Who We Are

About Us
Leadership
Press
Careers



Resources

Explore Motifs
Blog
FAQ









Log In
Open Account



Log In
Open Account
















Secondary Offering for Reven Housing REIT, Inc.




(Est. Date 08/10/2017) 




Sign up to place a conditional  Secondary Offering                 order

Participate



Learn more in our FAQ



Reven Housing REIT, Inc. is an internally managed Maryland corporation that engages in the acquisition, ownership and operation of portfolios of leased single-family homes in the United States. We operate our portfolio properties as single-family rentals, or SFRs, and we generate most of our revenue from rental income from the existing tenants of the SFRs we have acquired. We have elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust, or REIT, for federal income tax purposes commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2016.
Show More
This information has been gathered from the company's offering prospectus.


Secondary Offering Documentation
Loading...



Key Secondary Offering Data



Proposed Symbol:
RVEN


Exchange:
NASDAQ


Offer Amount:
$51,000,000


Shares Offered:
10,000,000



Lead Underwriter:

Ladenburg Thalmann


This information has been gathered from the company's offering prospectus.




How Does a Secondary Offering Work?



Open a Motif Account
Open a brokerage account to get ready for trading.



Participate in an Offering
Review secondary offering pricing, prospectus, and other documentation.



Place a Conditional Order
Select an investment amount and fund the secondary offering.



Receive Your Offering Shares
View your allocated shares on account positions page.



A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission but has not yet become effective.
                    These securities may not be sold nor may offers to buy be accepted prior to the time the registration statement becomes effective. No offer to buy the securities can be
                    accepted and no part of the purchase price can be received until the registration statement has become effective, and any such offer may be withdrawn or revoked,
                    without obligation or commitment of any kind, at any time prior to notice of its acceptance given after the effective date.





















1-855-586-6843call
9am-6pm ET, Monday - Friday
service@motifinvesting.com
P.O. Box 3548, Rancho Cordova, CA 95741





What We Offer
Impact Portfolio
Trading Account
IPOs





Why Motif





Who We Are
About Us
Leadership
Press
Careers




Resources
Explore Motifs
Blog
FAQ
Pricing




Other Sites
Motif Advisor
Motif Capital







Motif Capital Management, Inc., is an SEC-registered investment adviser and a separate, wholly-owned subsidiary of Motif Investing, Inc., a registered broker-dealer and member SIPC.
Member: FINRA | SIPC

Terms of Use
Business Continuity
Business Rule 606
Privacy Policy
Sitemap

© 2017 Motif Investing, Inc. All rights reserved. Build ID production.281




U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION LEGEND: The issuer has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for the offering to which this communication relates.
        The prospectus in that registration statement is available on this site and may be printed. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other documents the issuer has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the issuer and this offering.
        You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at http://www.sec.gov. Alternatively, you can obtain a copy of the prospectus through the prospectus link at www.motifinvesting.com, or by calling Motif Customer Service at 1-855-586-6843.


Investing in an IPO is subject to unique risks, tolerance for volatility, and potential loss of principal, that customers should be aware of prior to making an investment decision. 
        Motif cannot guarantee the availability of IPO shares for customers, who submit conditional orders as the number of shares requested for distribution may exceed the supply.
        Important information concerning IPO participation is contained in the Terms and Conditions for IPO Participation.
There are additional risks to consider with Small-Company IPO, secondary offerings, and Regulation A+ offerings including risks of unproven management, companies that may have
        substantial debt, lack of profitable financial performance, dilution of share value to existing shareholders, liquidity of shares in the marketplace, regulatory uncertainty,
        and exchange-listing requirements. As with any investment decision you make at Motif, you are responsible for determining whether an investment in an initial public offering,
        a follow-on offering, small-cap, or Regulation A+ offering is consistent with your investment objectives and risk tolerance.  Read the prospectus carefully before making an
        investment decision.


Investing in securities involves risks, you should be aware of prior to making an investment decision, including the possible loss of principal. An investment in individual stocks, or a collection of stocks
    focused on a particular theme or idea, such as a motif, may be subject to increased risk of price fluctuation over more diversified holdings due to adverse developments which can affect a particular industry or sector.
    Investments in ETFs can include those with a narrow or targeted investment strategy and can be subject to similar sector risks than more broadly diversified investments.
    Motif makes no representation regarding the suitability of a particular investment or investment strategy.  You are responsible for all investment decisions you make including understanding the risks involved with your
    investment strategy.   


System response time and account access times may vary due to a variety of factors, including trading volumes, market conditions, system performance, and other factors.





















  RVEN:NASDAQ CM Stock Quote - Reven Housing REIT Inc - Bloomberg Markets              

       



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Reven Housing REIT Inc   RVEN:US   NASDAQ CM        4.50USD   0.08   1.81%     As of 8:10 PM EDT 7/27/2017     Open   4.65    Day Range   4.50 - 4.91    Volume   4,371    Previous Close   4.58    52Wk Range   4.21 - 6.09    1 Yr Return   -23.08%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   4.65    Day Range   4.50 - 4.91    Volume   4,371    Previous Close   4.58    52Wk Range   4.21 - 6.09    1 Yr Return   -23.08%    YTD Return   -16.67%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -0.19    Market Cap (m USD)   48.303    Shares Outstanding  (m)   10.734    Price/Sales (TTM)   6.71    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Real Estate   % Price Change -0.14%     Industry Real Estate   % Price Change -0.14%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     5/15/2017   EY Announces Finalists for the Entrepreneur Of The Year® 2017 Award in San Diego     4/20/2017   Reven Housing REIT Acquires 68 SFR Portfolio in Birmingham, Alabama     4/4/2017   Reven Housing REIT Acquires 20 SFR Portfolio in Memphis, Tennessee     3/20/2017   Reven Housing REIT Acquires 38 SFR Portfolio in Atlanta, Georgia    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Reven Housing REIT, Inc. intends to become an independent real estate investment trust and engage in the ownership, management, acquisition, rehabilitation of residential rented houses in the United States. The Company intends to acquire portfolios of occupied and rented single-family houses throughout the United States.    Address  7911 Herschel AvenueSuite 201La Jolla, CA 92037United States   Phone  1-858-459-4000   Website   www.revenhousingreit.com     Executives Board Members    Chad M Carpenter  Chairman/President/CEO    Thad L Meyer  CFO/COO/Secretary    Anne Sugden  Investor Relations     Show More         


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Reven Housing REIT Inc - NASDAQ:RVEN - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet






















 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 






















Reven Housing REIT Inc (RVEN)
Follow




                                    4.50
                                

0.08
1.81




                        NASDAQ : Financial
                    

Jul 27, 2017 3:55 PM EDT












Prev Close
  4.58


Open
4.65


Day Low/High

                                    4.50 /
                                    4.91


52 Wk Low/High

                                    4.21 /
                                    6.09
                                


Volume
4.37K


Avg Volume 
1.80K











Exchange
NASDAQ


Shares Outstanding
10.73M


Market Cap
49.16M


EPS
-0.80


P/E Ratio

                                        
                                            N/A
                                        
                                    


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            N.A. (N.A)
                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News




Reven Housing REIT Acquires 68 SFR Portfolio In Birmingham, Alabama






Reven Housing REIT Acquires 20 SFR Portfolio In Memphis, Tennessee













Reven Housing REIT Acquires 38 SFR Portfolio In Atlanta, Georgia


Mar 20, 2017 6:00 AM EDT









Ratings Changes Today
TheStreet Quant Ratings provides fair and objective information to help you make educated investing decisions.  We rate over 4,300 stocks daily and provide 5-page PDF reports for each stock.  These ratings can change daily and today's changes are reflected in the email below.  

If you are looking to check-up on the stocks you currently own or are looking for new ideas, you can find our full database of password-protected ratings reports in our proprietary ratings screener:  
http://www.thestreet.com/k/qr/flat/stock-screener.html    
    
Upgrades:  BNS, GILT, HLIT, KRO, NCS, NQ, OSUR, TNGO  
    
Downgrades:  CSC, FRED, ISLE, ZOES
    
Initiations:  RVEN
    
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:

Aug 31, 2016 11:00 AM EDT






























Quant Rating on 3:55 PM EDT 7/27/2017


D+
(Sell)






Get the (RVEN) Report Here 







From Our Partners



Financials - Top 5 Gainers / Losers as of 1:00 PM

SeekingAlpha



Top 3 Residential REIT Picks Of May 2017

SeekingAlpha



Blackstone's Invitation Homes reportedly files for IPO

SeekingAlpha



Reven Housing acquires 97-home portfolio

SeekingAlpha



























TheStreet
Quant Rating:

D+ (Sell)



Get the (RVEN) Report Here 













 











Trending


I Believe 'Ugly' Would Be the Proper Term for the Selloff: Market Recon


Starbucks Shares Are Crashing; Go Out and Buy!


Amazon Falls, Obamacare Repeal Fails - 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens


Chevron Stock Slips as Q2 Profit Falls Short of Estimates


Don't Buy the Hype, Twitter Isn't Dead Yet; AT&T, Verizon Prove Their Worth











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 







































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















 

	REVEN HOUSING REIT  INC. - COMMON STOCK - NetDania - Full Quote








































































Continue to NetDania































Sign in














x
Visit our new Mobile Website next time you access NetDania with your mobile device








































Home
Products





Web Applications



NetStation

Application
Features
Support
Downloads
Pricing
Get Trial



Five Star ChartNEW

Highlights
Roles
Purchase



QuoteList

Application
Features
Support
Downloads
Pricing
Get Trial



FinanceChart

Application
Features
Support
Downloads
Pricing
Get Trial



FullQuoteNEW


ChartStation

Application
Features
Support
Downloads
Pricing
Get Trial



News


Alerts

Application








Server Applications



XML Data Service

Application
Pricing
Get Trial



Client API

Application
Pricing
Get Trial



Server API

Application
Pricing
Get Trial








Mobile Applications



Mobile App - iOS (Apple)

Application



Mobile App - Android

Application



Mobile App-BlackBerry

Application








Feeds



Interbank FX FeedNEW







Forex

Stocks
Charts

News


Directory

Calendar
Support

References

References
Partners
Contact Us



Contact Us

Contact Us
NetDania
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms And Conditions



Your account
Alert Central




















REVEN HOUSING REIT  INC. - COMMON STOCK













4.50


27-19:55:13 GMT




-0.08


-1.81%




                Today's Range

4.91
                 - 4.50




START TRADING NOW
your capital is at risk





ISIN:US7613782074







Figures - REVEN HOUSING REIT  INC. - COMMON STOCK

Open

4.65

Close

4.58

Year Change

-16.67

Year % Change

-16.67%

52 Week High

6.09

52 Week Low

0.02


Volume

4371

Inc. Vol

200





News - REVEN HOUSING REIT  INC. - COMMON STOCK









28-13:38 GMT


Gold At 6-Week High Following Tepid U.S. GDP Data

Source: Forbes World, Symbol: REVEN HOUSING REIT  INC. - COMMON STOCK




28-13:38 GMT


Forbes Career Opportunity: Ad Sales Manager (Chicago)

Source: Forbes World, Symbol: REVEN HOUSING REIT  INC. - COMMON STOCK




28-13:38 GMT


Forbes Career Opportunity: Senior Brand Producer, Content Marketing

Source: Forbes World, Symbol: REVEN HOUSING REIT  INC. - COMMON STOCK




28-13:35 GMT


Paul Brandus: Trump’s time—and political capital—is quickly running out

Source: MarketWatch, Symbol: REVEN HOUSING REIT  INC. - COMMON STOCK




28-13:34 GMT


Why Is Congress Having Such A Hard Time Replacing The Affordable Care Act?

Source: Forbes World, Symbol: REVEN HOUSING REIT  INC. - COMMON STOCK




28-13:33 GMT


Tax Reform Might Come, Let's Wait And See

Source: Forbes Personal Finance, Symbol: REVEN HOUSING REIT  INC. - COMMON STOCK




28-13:29 GMT


Ask Larry: ​​Suspending After Taking Retroactive Benefits?

Source: Forbes Personal Finance, Symbol: REVEN HOUSING REIT  INC. - COMMON STOCK




28-13:28 GMT


How Dem 'Better Deal' Comes Up Short

Source: Forbes Personal Finance, Symbol: REVEN HOUSING REIT  INC. - COMMON STOCK




28-13:28 GMT


Congress Is Hopeless Against Trump's Plans To Impose Trade Sanctions

Source: Forbes Personal Finance, Symbol: REVEN HOUSING REIT  INC. - COMMON STOCK




28-13:25 GMT


Ask Larry: ​​Suspending After Taking Retroactive Benefits?

Source: Forbes Personal Finance, Symbol: REVEN HOUSING REIT  INC. - COMMON STOCK




28-13:25 GMT


Ask Larry: ​​Suspending After Taking Retroactive Benefits?

Source: Forbes World, Symbol: REVEN HOUSING REIT  INC. - COMMON STOCK




28-13:24 GMT


Tax Reform Might Come Let's Wait And See

Source: Forbes Personal Finance, Symbol: REVEN HOUSING REIT  INC. - COMMON STOCK




28-13:24 GMT


Watchdog Report: IRS Continues To Rehire Problem Employees

Source: Forbes Personal Finance, Symbol: REVEN HOUSING REIT  INC. - COMMON STOCK




28-13:24 GMT


What Insurance Do You Need To Avoid Financial Ruin?

Source: Forbes Personal Finance, Symbol: REVEN HOUSING REIT  INC. - COMMON STOCK




28-13:24 GMT


No Cosigner, No Problem: Meet The Companies Helping International Students Finance Their U.S. Degrees

Source: Forbes Personal Finance, Symbol: REVEN HOUSING REIT  INC. - COMMON STOCK




28-13:23 GMT


Tax Reform Might Come, Let's Wait And See

Source: Forbes World, Symbol: REVEN HOUSING REIT  INC. - COMMON STOCK




28-13:23 GMT


3 Questions Smart Job Seekers Ask To Make A Good Impression

Source: Forbes World, Symbol: REVEN HOUSING REIT  INC. - COMMON STOCK




28-13:15 GMT


Market Snapshot: Stock futures trim losses after GDP data; tech shares weigh on Nasdaq

Source: MarketWatch, Symbol: REVEN HOUSING REIT  INC. - COMMON STOCK




28-13:13 GMT


Check Out Bugatti's Ultra-Luxe Line Of Apparel

Source: Forbes World, Symbol: REVEN HOUSING REIT  INC. - COMMON STOCK




28-13:13 GMT


For The Elite, It's Tee Time At Portugal's Algarve Golf Resorts

Source: Forbes World, Symbol: REVEN HOUSING REIT  INC. - COMMON STOCK





Sign in to receive realtime news


More REVEN HOUSING REIT  INC. - COMMON STOCK news






























Five Star Chart


FinanceChart


ChartStation


NetStation


Image Chart




Five Star Chart
  – Build your favorite menu, 100+ studies, for mobile and desktop








ImageChart
FiveStarChart
FinanceChart
ChartStation


































            Share on
            



















Tweet























Top Brokers







Global

Forex





                        Dow Jones(CFD)

                    21770.50

                    -16.6

                    -0.08%




                        S&P 500(CFD)

                    2469.32

                    -3.85

                    -0.16%




                        Nasdaq 100(CFD)

                    5888.10

                    -12.6

                    -0.21%




                        DAX 30(CFD)

                    12181.75

                    -7.3

                    -0.06%




                        Nikkei 225(CFD)

                    19968.50

                    -65

                    -0.32%




                        Shanghai SE

                    3253.24

                    3.46

                    0.11%




                        FTSE 100(CFD)

                    7400.50

                    -25.5

                    -0.34%




                        Hong Kong(CFD)

                    27000.00

                    -110

                    -0.41%




                        ASX 200(CFD)

                    5696.00

                    -63

                    -1.09%




                        Nifty 50

                    10014.50

                    -6.05

                    -0.06%




                        Gold

                    1264.61

                    4.47

                    0.35%




                        UKOil

                    51.95

                    0.375

                    0.73%




                        EUR/USD

                    1.17291

                    0.0039

                    0.34%




                        USD/JPY

                    111.033

                    -0.057

                    -0.05%




                        GBP/USD

                    1.30814

                    0.0006

                    0.05%




                        AUD/USD

                    0.79826

                    0.0009

                    0.11%




                        USD/CAD

                    1.24536

                    -0.0086

                    -0.68%




                        EUR/JPY

                    130.23400

                    0.372

                    0.29%




                        EUR/GBP

                    0.89658

                    0.0027

                    0.30%




                        GBP/JPY

                    145.24600

                    -0.005

                    0.00%




                        USD/CHF

                    0.97047

                    0.0067

                    0.70%




                        EUR/CHF

                    1.13838

                    0.0118

                    1.04%




                        NZD/USD

                    0.74844

                    -0.0018

                    -0.23%




                        US-Dollar Index

                    93.57100

                    -0.341

                    -0.36%



More
More





Open An Account
your capital is at risk

















             Top Gainers
            
        














Name
Last
+/-
%




                    ORIGO ACQUISITI...


                0.42
            

                0.18
            

                74.96%
                






                    SIENNA BIOPHARM...


                19.25
            

                4.25
            

                28.33%
                






                    ShoreTel, Inc. 


                7.50
            

                1.65
            

                28.20%
                






                    LivePerson, Inc...


                13.50
            

                2.10
            

                18.42%
                






                    LendingTree, In...


                217.15
            

                33.35
            

                18.14%
                






                    Easterly Acquis...


                0.82
            

                0.12
            

                17.14%
                






                    AXT Inc 


                8.80
            

                1.20
            

                15.79%
                






                    DryShips Inc. 


                1.20
            

                0.16
            

                15.38%
                






                    Biostage, Inc. ...


                0.50
            

                0.06
            

                14.48%
                






                    GP INVESTMENTS ...


                0.80
            

                0.10
            

                14.27%
                



















             Top Losers
            
        














Name
Last
+/-
%




                    Intellipharmace...


                1.36
            

                -1.13
            

                -45.38%
                






                    Neuralstem, Inc...


                1.75
            

                -0.72
            

                -29.15%
                






                    Diana Container...


                0.83
            

                -0.32
            

                -27.61%
                






                    DIGILITI MONEY ...


                2.01
            

                -0.53
            

                -20.87%
                






                    Ability Inc


                0.74
            

                -0.17
            

                -18.56%
                






                    Spirit Airlines...


                40.07
            

                -8.78
            

                -17.97%
                






                    Zion Oil & Gas ...


                3.43
            

                -0.71
            

                -17.15%
                






                    Reliv' Internat...


                10.51
            

                -2.09
            

                -16.60%
                






                    Qualstar Corpor...


                9.01
            

                -1.62
            

                -15.24%
                






                    RLJ Entertainme...


                3.79
            

                -0.67
            

                -15.02%
                




















Get NetDania Mobile











Available for Demo & Live Trading

View the Supported Brokers








Products
Markets
Contact Us
Support
References
About Us







                NetDania does not guarantee the accuracy of data contained on this website, nor do we guarantee that data is real-time. Data on this website may be provided from OTC market sources and market makers, and not necessarily from exchanges. The provided price data is indicative and may not be appropriate for trading or decision making purposes. NetDania does not assume any responsibility for any losses incurred from the use of the provided data. 
                
                NetDania does not endorse or promote any broker or financial service. NetDania is a pure technology provider offering its software with broker integration. Any user of NetDania software must be an existing client of one of our supported brokers. NetDania showcases NetDania technology for the purpose of demonstrating it towards brokers and other institutions looking to white label the technology on a software subscription contract. No financial services are offered, promoted or recommended. NetDania is compensated as a technology provider by its institutional clients including its integrated brokers. It is the sole responsibility of any recipient employing or requesting an offering to comply with all applicable legislation or regulation affecting it.
                

                Persons or entities including approved brokers not belonging to the NetDania Group may advertise on the NetDania and its Group’s websites, through links, banners or otherwise. We have not taken any steps to verify the accuracy, quality or reliability of any products, information or services provided by third parties that have links on our website. We accordingly provide no warranties with regard to and disclaim responsibility for any such products, information or services and exclude all liability in this regard to the fullest extent permitted by relevant laws and regulations. If a user of the NetDania Group’s websites decides to act upon any such advertising, such user does so entirely at its own risk.
                

                NetDania’s website may be accessed worldwide. The Information provided on its website is however only intended for use by recipients located in countries where such use does not constitute a violation of applicable legislation or regulations. None of the offerings services referred to on this website are available to recipients residing in countries where the provision of such offerings would constitute a violation of mandatory applicable legislation or regulations. It is the sole responsibility of any recipient employing or requesting an offering to comply with all applicable legislation or regulation.
                

HIGH RISK INVESTMENT WARNING:

                End-users of the NetDania software that make use of the trading integration features as direct clients of integrated brokers, should be aware of the level of risk carried by trading in financial markets. Trading foreign exchange and or other financial instruments on margin carries a high level of risk, and may not be suitable for all investors. The high degree of leverage can work against you as well as for you. Before deciding to invest you should carefully consider your investment objectives, level of experience, and risk appetite. The possibility exists that you could sustain a loss of some or more of your initial investment, and therefore you should not invest money that you cannot afford to lose. You should be aware of all the risks associated with trading, and seek advice from your broker and or an independent financial advisor if you have any doubts. Anyone opening a live trading account needs to adhere to the laws of their local country as such laws may differ from country to country.                
                
                NetDania expressly disclaims any liability for any lost principal or profits which without limitation may arise directly or indirectly from the use of or reliance on information on our website or the use of our software with broker integration.
            





                Copyright © 1998 -2017
 NetDania Creations ApS, Kronprinsessegade 36, 1st floor DK-1306 Copenhagen K, Denmark, +4536980409, , CVR-nr.27976670
Terms And Conditions and Privacy Policy










                        
                        The NetDania website uses cookies and by continuing below you consent to this. You can 
                            find out more here.


  Continue







































































































 RVEN - Stock quote for Reven Housing REIT Inc - MSN Money















msn  back to msn home

money










web search














Sign in








Change language & content:

América Latina (español)
Argentina (español)
Australia (English)
België (Nederlands)
Belgique (français)
Brasil (português)
Canada (English)
Canada (français)
Chile (español)
Colombia (español)
Danmark (Dansk)
Deutschland (Deutsch)
España (español)
France (français)
India (English)
Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia)
Ireland (English)
Italia (italiano)
Malaysia (English)
México (español)
Nederland (Nederlands)
New Zealand (English)
Norge (norsk, bokmål)
Österreich (Deutsch)
Perú (español)
Philippines (English)
Polska (polski)
Portugal (Português)
Schweiz (Deutsch)
Singapore (English)
South Africa (English)
Suisse (français)
Suomi (suomi)
Sverige (svenska)
Türkiye (Türkçe)
United Arab Emirates (English)
United Kingdom (English)
United States (English)
United States (español)
Venezuela (español)
Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt)
Ελλάδα (ελληνικά)
Россия (Pусский)
ישראל (עברית)‏
الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏)
المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏)
مصر (العربية‏)
ไทย (ไทย)
한국 (한국어)
中华人民共和国 (简体中文)
台灣 (繁體中文)
日本 (日本語)
香港特别行政區 (繁體中文)



Switch to Latino (Español)



 Feedback



Help






























AdChoices














Reven Housing REIT Inc
NASDAQ: RVEN



US Markets Open










AdChoices








4.50


▼


-0.08
-1.81%



After Hours : 
-
-
-



 July 27, 2017 3:55 PM EDT. BATS BZX Real-Time Last Price. Currency In USD                
















Save














            Summary
        



            Financials
        



            Analysis
        



            Options
        



            Ownership
        



            Company
        



            History
        



            Related
        


















































Open
4.65


Previous Close
4.58


Volume (Avg) 
4.37k (3.53k)


Day's Range
4.50-4.91


52Wk Range
4.21-6.09


Market Cap.
48.30M


Dividend Rate ( Yield)
-


Beta
-80.46


Shares Outstanding
10.73M


P/E Ratio (EPS)
-









Recent News







Reven Housing REIT, Inc. INSIDERS ON Board Members

                            
                            Bloomberg
                        
7/21/2017






Chad M. Carpenter

                            
                            Bloomberg
                        
7/19/2017






IPO & Stock Offering Calendar

                            
                            The Wall Street Journal
                        
7/14/2017






REITs by Ticker Symbol

                            
                            reit.com
                        
3 days ago






Barrons.com Markets Data Center Table

                            
                            barrons.com
                        
7/21/2017






Plymouth Industrial REIT Inc

                            
                            markets.ft.com
                        
7/20/2017








NAREIT Welcomes 12 New Corporate Members

                            
                            reit.com
                        
7/20/2017






Increasing Percentage Value: Composite Companies Summary

                            
                            Fx Pips
                        
7/14/2017






Reven Housing REIT (RVEN) STOCK RVEN STOCK

                            
                            marketsinsider.com
                        
7/14/2017






IPO & Stock Offering Calendar

                            
                            Barron's
                        
7/14/2017






Composite Trading Quick Report – Top Pct Gaining Companies Today

                            
                            Fx Pips
                        
7/13/2017






Get this analysis on your stocks daily!

                            
                            swingtradebot.com
                        
7/13/2017








Reven Housing Reit Inc

                            
                            markets.ft.com
                        
7/7/2017






PO Box 1459 La Jolla, CA 92038

                            
                            www.corporationwiki.com
                        
6/29/2017






Document Details

                            
                            go.snl.com
                        
6/16/2017






REVEN HOUSING REIT, INC. : Change in Directors or Principal Officers (form 8-K)

                            
                            4 Traders
                        
6/13/2017






Reven Housing REIT News

                            
                            www.owler.com
                        
6/13/2017






EY Announces Finalists for the Entrepreneur Of The Year® 2017 Award in San Diego

                            
                            TMCnet.com
                        
5/15/2017























AdChoices
















AdChoices

















AdChoices




















Markets











DOW

DOW



▼

21,776.11


-20.44
-0.09%













Last updated time
7/28/2017 9:39 AM EDT







Markets





NASDAQ

NASDAQ



▼

6,355.33




-26.85
-0.42%










FTSE 100

FTSE 100



▼

7,393.00




-50.01
-0.67%










NYSE Composite

NYSE Composite



▼

11,963.23




-1.68
-0.01%



















AdChoices
















                Feedback
            







Send Feedback
Provide Feedback
Report a Problem


We appreciate your input!



Select a category:

I'm having problems with Top Destinations
I'm having issues searching
I'm having problems with Featured Apps
I see an error in the content
Other



How we can improve?





Please give an overall site rating:









Submit
Close


Privacy Statement


Help


Help & Support



 











 



