    Christopher Reynolds | PARAMOUNT GOLD & SILVER CORP. | ZoomInfo.com

	CHARACTERS THE GAME Trademark of Reynolds, Christopher J.. Serial Number: 77149017 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Toys and Sporting Goods Products
CHARACTERS THE GAME










 
Get FREE email alerts













CHARACTERS THE GAME  Trademark Information
 Reynolds, Christopher J.
Board games




Perfect for these industries

Toys and Sporting Goods Products





Words that describe this mark
board   games    
                                    




This is a brand page for the CHARACTERS THE GAME trademark by Reynolds, Christopher J. 
                                in Austin, , 78704.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this CHARACTERS THE GAME trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Reynolds, Christopher J. of the CHARACTERS THE GAME trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the CHARACTERS THE GAME trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, April 04, 2007,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        CHARACTERS THE GAME by 
                        Reynolds, Christopher J., Austin 78704.
                        The USPTO has given the CHARACTERS THE GAME 
                        trademark serial  number of  77149017.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE.
                        The correspondent listed for CHARACTERS THE GAME is 
                        
                        
                                            REYNOLDS, CHRISTOPHER J. of 
                                            2010 RUNDELL PL,  AUSTIN, TX 78704-3243,  
                                .
                            The CHARACTERS THE GAME trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Toys and Sporting Goods Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for CHARACTERS THE GAME 
                            is Board games. 
                            





Word mark:
 CHARACTERS THE GAME


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE

12/19/2008






  Serial Number:  
77149017


  Filing Date:  
4/4/2007


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Board games


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
N/A


Last Applicant/Owner:

Reynolds, Christopher J.Austin 78704
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


REYNOLDS, CHRISTOPHER J.
2010 RUNDELL PL
AUSTIN, TX 78704-3243







 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (028) - Games and playthings; gymnastic and sporting articles not included in other classes; decorations for Christmas trees. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your CHARACTERS THE GAME trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

12/19/2008
ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



REYNOLDS, CHRISTOPHER J.


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of CHARACTERS THE GAME trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search charactersthegame on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for CHARACTERS THE GAME 




CHARACTERS THE GAME is providing Board games.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Christopher J Reynolds - Braintree, MA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Christopher J Reynolds in Braintree, MA


Christopher J Reynolds

                                                                           Intelius found that Christopher J Reynolds  is  a male between 30 and 40 years old from Braintree, MA.  We have connected them to
                6 addresses,
                3 phones,
                and 6 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Christopher J Reynolds is in his 30s

Christopher Has Lived In

Braintree, MA
Boston, MA
East Wareham, MA

Christopher's Relatives

Jean Reynolds
Annie Reynolds
Andrea Kelsey
Zahwa Reynolds







Christopher J Reynolds



Zodiac SignPisces



GenderMale



Professional Status
Paralegal at Cetrulo LLP



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Christopher? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Christopher, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Christopher J Reynolds
Get a Criminal Check on Christopher J Reynolds
Get a Public Record Report on Christopher J Reynolds
Get a People Search Report on Christopher J Reynolds


Christopher J Reynolds's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Christopher J Reynolds has lived as well as Christopher J Reynolds's phone numbers and email addresses.




Christopher J Reynolds Has Lived in 2 States
Massachusetts Address for Christopher J Reynolds


391 M***** S* 

Braintree, MA


Has Lived In

Braintree, MA
Boston, MA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Christopher J Reynolds

(617) ***-****
(508) ***-**** - Plymouth, MA 
(617) ***-**** - Boston, MA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Christopher J Reynolds

c***9@***.net
c***9@***.com


Get Email Report




Christopher J Reynolds's Professional Information
Information regarding Christopher J Reynolds's professional history.  Find out previous places Christopher J Reynolds has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Christopher J Reynolds Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Cetrulo LLP
               Title: Paralegal
Christopher J Reynolds's Experience
Title: Paralegal
               Company: Cetrulo LLP
Job Details
               Cetrulo LLP is a national leader in defending complex civil litigation claims. We excel in high-profile, high-stakes cases. Known for our innovative litigation strategies and relentless commitment to our clients, we take a big picture approach. We don't just work to achieve positive outcomes; we also help eliminate conditions that could lead to future claims.
Additional Professional Information on Christopher J Reynolds

 See Christopher J Reynolds's LinkedIn Profile



Christopher J Reynolds's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Christopher J Reynolds


Christopher J Reynolds's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Christopher J Reynolds's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Christopher Reynolds
Username Matches

                  ChristopherReynolds
                  ReynoldsChristopher
                  Christopher.Reynolds
                  Reynolds.Christopher
                  Christopher_Reynolds
                  Reynolds_Christopher
                  Christopher-Reynolds
                  Reynolds-Christopher
                  CReynolds
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
C Reynolds







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.















Reynolds Christopher J Dr Optomtrst in Huntersville, NC 28078 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» North Carolina
» Huntersville
» Optometrists
» Reynolds Christopher J Dr Optomtrst













Reynolds Christopher J Dr Optomtrst


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





9710 Sam Furr Rd A Unit Huntersville, North Carolina 28078


(704) 896-2118


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Reynolds Christopher J Dr Optomtrst is located at the address 9710 Sam Furr Rd in Huntersville, North Carolina 28078.  They can be contacted via phone at (704) 896-2118 for pricing, hours and directions.  Reynolds Christopher J Dr Optomtrst specializes in Cataracts, Acne, Musculoskeletal Injuries.  Reynolds Christopher J Dr Optomtrst has an annual sales volume of 0 - 500K.  .Reynolds Christopher J Dr Optomtrst provides Well Woman Examinations, Facials, Dentures to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Reynolds Christopher J Dr Optomtrst view the map to the right.  For reviews of Reynolds Christopher J Dr Optomtrst see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Supports
, Metal
, Supplements
, Orthotic Devices
, Nutritional Supplements
, Daily Wear Contacts
, Disposable Contacts
, Extended Wear Contacts
, Orthotics
, Designer Eyewear



SERVICES


Facials
, Housekeeping
, Well Woman Examinations
, Microdermabrasion
, Adjustments
, Skin Resurfacing
, Dentures
, Vision Therapy
, Liposuction
, Sunglass Prescriptions


 SPECIALTIES


Nail Disorders
, Sports Injuries
, Vein Problems
, Acne
, Pediatric Dentistry
, Cancer
, Podiatry
, Cataracts
, Musculoskeletal Injuries
, Foot Disorders



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (704) 896-2118
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Exact Sales Volume: 250000
Sales Volume: 0 - 500K
CATEGORIES:


Optometrists
Eyeglasses, Sunglasses & Contact Lenses
General Practice
Health Care
Shopping
Physicians



Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM










Services | Reynolds, Christopher J Dr Huntersville, NC 28078 - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeOptometrists near Huntersville, NCReynolds, Christopher J DrServicesReynolds, Christopher J Dr9710 Sam Furr Rd, Huntersville, NC 28078(704) 896-2118View Business DetailsServices"Fish and Chips" found in 1 dishPhysicians General PractitionersArthritisAnterior uveitis can occur as a result of trauma to the eye, such as a blow or foreign body penetrating the eye. It can also be a complication of other eye disease, or it may be associated with general health problems such as rheumatoid arthritis, rubella and mumps. In most cases, there is no obvious underlying cause.Primary CareAs stated before, diet alone is usually not enough to obtain all of these nutrients.  Dr. Crawford can recommend supplements or multivitamins to help.  As always, you should consult your primary care physician and pharmacist when starting any new medications or supplements.Family PracticeDr. Jason Crawford is the new owner and doctor of NorthCross Eye Associates. Dr. Crawford and his wife, Dr. Summer Belk, a physical therapist, are originally from the greater Charlotte area. They both attended the University of North Carolina at Charlotte where they obtained their undergraduate degrees. Dr. Crawford completed his Doctor of Optometry degree at Southern College of Optometry in Memphis, TN. Following the completion of his Doctor of Optometry, Dr. Crawford was selected for a post-doctoral residency in Family Practice Eye Care at West Tennessee Eye also in Memphis, TN. After finishing his residency, Dr. Crawford established himself as an associate in the Uptown and SouthPark offices of Spectrum Eye Care in Charlotte, NC.Emergency CareMany people think that eye emergencies require an immediate trip to the emergency room. The expense and hassle of such a trip to the hospital is rarely needed. Dr. Crawford has managed hundreds of eye injuries ranging from...RadiologistUltrasoundSmall incision cataract surgery involves making an incision in the side of the cornea, the clear outer covering of the eye, and inserting a tiny probe into the eye. The probe emits ultrasound waves that soften and break-up the lens so it can be removed by suction. This process is called phacoemulsification.OphthalmologistsEye ExamA comprehensive eye examination by a doctor of optometry can diagnose those causes, if any, that are affecting your ability to see well. In most cases, your optometrist can prescribe glasses, contact lenses or a vision therapy program that will help improve your vision. If the reduced vision is due to an eye disease, the use of ocular medication or other treatment may be used.Cataract SurgeryDr. Crawford has been involved not only in Primary Eye Care, but also in the diagnosis and treatment of ocular diseases. In addition to being the experts on eye and vision diseases and disorders, doctors of optometry have the education and training to diagnose the ocular manifestations of diseases that affect the entire body, such as, but not limited to, diabetes and hypertension. Dr. Crawford is also qualified to evaluate all of his patients for surgery when appropriate and often manages his patients’ care pre- and post-operatively. Optometrists are able to provide all of the eye care for the vast majority of their patients, only requiring referral for surgical treatment such as Cataract Surgery & Laser Surgery.GlaucomaGlaucoma is an eye disease in which the internal pressure in your eyes increases enough to damage the nerve fibers in your optic nerve and cause vision loss. The increase in pressure happens when the passages that normally allow fluid in your eyes to drain become clogged or blocked. The reasons that the passages become blocked are not known.Macular DegenerationMacular degeneration is the leading cause of blindness in America. It results from changes to the macula, a portion of the retina that is responsible for clear, sharp vision, and is located at the back of the eye.Laser Eye SurgerySometimes astigmatism may develop following an eye injury or eye surgery. There is also a relatively rare condition called keratoconus where the cornea becomes progressively thinner and cone shaped. This creates a significant amount of astigmatism resulting in poor vision and may progress to a point where a corneal transplant is necessary.CataractsA cataract is a cloudy or opaque area in the normally clear lens of the eye. Depending on its size and location, it can interfere with normal vision. Most cataracts develop in persons over age 55, but they occasionally occur in infants and young children. Usually people develop cataracts in both eyes, but one eye may have somewhat worse vision than the other.GynecologistsPregnancyEndocrinologistDiabetes CareDiabetic RetinopathyDiabetes is a disease that interferes with the body's ability to use and store sugar and can cause many health problems. One, called diabetic retinopathy, can weaken and cause changes in the small blood vessels that nourish your eye's retina, the delicate, light sensitive lining of the back of the eye. These blood vessels may begin to leak, swell or develop brush-like branches.PsychiatristsMental HealthYour medical information includes information about your physical and mental health. We understand that information about your physical and mental health is personal. We are committed to protecting medical information about you. We create a record of the care and services you receive from us. We need this record to provide you with quality care and to comply with certain legal requirements. This notice applies to any and all of the records of your care generated by us.Send to PhoneReynolds, Christopher J Dr9710 Sam Furr Rd, Huntersville, NC 28078(704) 896-2118Send this business listing as a text message to a mobile phone.I agree to the Terms and ConditionsCancelSendYour text message was sent.To opt out at anytime, send the word STOP to YP411.To get a help message, send the word HELP to YP411.There was an error sending your text.Please try again.E-MailReynolds, Christopher J Dr9710 Sam Furr Rd, Huntersville, NC 28078(704) 896-2118Send this business details to yourself or up to 5 friends.Up to 5 email addresses, separate addresses with a commaSend Yourself a CopyCancelSend 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











CHRISTOPHER J REYNOLDS - POMPTON PLAINS, NJ - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NJ



POMPTON PLAINS



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            CHRISTOPHER J REYNOLDS
                                    



 





















C 


CHRISTOPHER J REYNOLDS
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



171 W PARKWAY POMPTON PLAINS, NJ 07444
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $47,000.00
 Employee Count --
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Christopher J Reynolds was founded in 2010. Christopher J Reynolds specializes in Business Services At Non-commercial Site. Christopher J Reynolds has 1 employees and estimated revenues of $47,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


























Reynolds Christopher J | Bemidji | Read Reviews + Get a Bid | BuildZoom


































































×





Want a quote from
Reynolds, Christopher J?


We recommend getting 3 quotes
for any construction project. 
Use our
free bidding system
to get a quote from Reynolds, Christopher J
+ 2 more of the best.



Tell us about your project









Is this your business? Claim now >






R







Alert*



*No active license on file. If you are Reynolds, Christopher J, update license info here.




Bemidji, MN









Reynolds, Christopher J




this is my business



Contact us






Alert*



*No active license on file. If you are Reynolds, Christopher J, update license info here.




WRITE A REVIEW















Summary


Building
Permits
(1)



this is my business
request a quote















Home

 
/


Search

 



Updated: May 12, 2017





Overview

Their BuildZoom score of 0 does not rank in the top 50% of Minnesota contractors.If you are thinking of hiring Reynolds, Christopher J, we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board and using our bidding system to get competitive quotes. 





Contact




Street Address: 724 11th st nw, Bemidji, MN 56601 

Edit





Do you work for this business?
Unlock this free profile
to update company info and see who's viewing your profile.








Notable Building Permits filed by Reynolds, Christopher J




Sort by:
Notable
Notable
 | 
Date
Date
 | 
Job Value
Job Value




















Building repair



1821 Oakview Ln N, Plymouth, MN, 55441
2013-08-21


Reshingling of garage roof 


Valuation:

N/A



Permit #:

P201306496



Status:

ISSUED



Fee:

$75



Permit Type:

Building Repair



Building Type:

N/A















Similar Contractors
See more









29513 Corlan Rd Ne, Blackduck, MN 56630


Crunden Electric Inc




License # AM005491


Blackduck, MN







117

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


52
Projects














15554 Cranberry Dr., Park Rapids, MN 56470
(612) 255-4583 ext. 149


Avenson Electric Inc




License # AM695510


Park Rapids, MN







111

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


69
Projects














32969 109th Ave, Menahga, MN 56464
(612) 255-4583 ext. 34815


Kopkie, Seth P




License # SP015459


Menahga, MN







110

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


90
Projects













Reynolds, Christopher J Reviews



BuildZoom hasn't received any reviews for Reynolds, Christopher J. Click here to be alerted when reviews are posted about them.



Please write a review about Reynolds, Christopher J










1
Rate this contractor







Click stars to rate




2
Provide a detailed review of this contractor.






 














Recent Buildzoom Projects


View all








Custom Home Build










Restaurant Buildout










Swimming Pool Project










Kitchen Remodel










Bathroom Remodel








Request a Quote





Explore BuildZoom

If you are considering hiring Reynolds, Christopher J,
we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board
and using our
bidding system
to get competitive quotes.




Hiring a contractor?






Get bids from BuildZoom's best contractors within 5 mins during regular business hours by filling out this form




I need help with...





Zip Code





Request Quotes From





0


Reynolds, Christopher J








117


Crunden Electric Inc







111


Avenson Electric Inc







110


Kopkie, Seth P






Request a Quote







License info














Inactive License


License #RT067739StatusInactiveStateMinnesotaTypeReg Unl Power Limited Tech


According to the Minnesota Department of Labor & Industry, the status of this license was at one point cancelled. However, this information may have changed. If this is your business, please update your license status.Check this license's status for Reynolds, Christopher J at the Minnesota Department of Labor & Industry.












ALERT*




BuildZoom Score


How the BuildZoom Score works*No active license on file. If you are Reynolds, Christopher J, update license info here.








Follow this contractor

















Before you Hire

Here are some rules, regulations, and laws governing general contractors
in Minnesota:













Does Reynolds, Christopher J carry a valid contracting license?



Licenses are required for all residential building contractors and residential remodelers who contract with a homeowner to construct or improve dwellings by offering more than one special skill. Owners working on their own property must also be licensed if they build or remodel for the sole purpose of speculation or resale.











How important is contractor licensing in Minnesota?



Contractors acting as sole proprietors, or qualifying persons for a construction related business entity, must pass a two part exam. The first section tests building code compliance knowledge. Section two tests a candidate's understanding of Minnesota business and law.











Your liability risk when hiring Reynolds, Christopher J



Licensed contractors in Minnesota must carry both active workers' compensation and general liability insurance policies. Request a copy of the insurance certificate for each before any work begins. 











Financial recourse when hiring Reynolds, Christopher J



The purpose of the Minnesota Contractor Recovery Fund is to compensate consumers who have suffered losses due to a licensed contractor's fraudulent, deceptive, or dishonest practices, conversion of funds, or failure to perform. All licensed contractors are required to pay a fee to the fund. The total amount that can be paid out against any one licensed contractor is $75,000. If multiple claims are filed against the same contractor, they are prorated. In these situations, you may not be able to recover your entire loss. 











How is the BuildZoom score calculated?



The BuildZoom score is based on a number of factors including the contractor's license status, insurance status, verified work history, standing with local consumer interest groups, verified reviews from other BuildZoom users and self-reported feedback from the contractor.











Why you should hire through BuildZoom



When it comes to major construction work or even minor alterations to your home, hiring the wrong contractor could result in incomplete or defective work. You may even find yourself dealing with huge liability claims. BuildZoom does the homework for you and helps you hire the right contractor.











You should get several bids before hiring a contractor



Before hiring a contractor in Minnesota, be sure to get at least 3 detailed bids. Quality contractors will take the time to explain their budget proposal, and help guide you through the estimate process. Be wary of an abnormally low bid, they are not worth the risk. These underpriced projects often do not end well for the homeowner, choose a contractor you trust and can clearly communicate with. BuildZoom has made the bid collection process extremely simple (and free). Just click here to get started.









About BuildZoom






BuildZoom has one simple purpose: To help you find the perfect contractor
for any job, commercial or residential.


BuildZoom is a database of every licensed contractor in the United States.
We work hard to figure out who the great contractors are, and who the bad
contractors are.

more...





BuildZoom combines license information on 3.5 million contractors with
110 million building permits, and over 80,000
reviews from property owners.If you are looking for a specific
contractor and you can’t find them on BuildZoom, it’s likely that they do
not have a license - please
contact us
and we’ll try to help!



Finding a Contractor through BuildZoom



The best way to use BuildZoom is to let us recommend contractors for
your remodeling projects.


Homeowners who

hire through BuildZoom's free bidding system
 report high rates of satisfaction, and homeowners who research
contractors online are twice as likely to be happy at the end of their
project.


If you hire a contractor through BuildZoom, that contractor is
accountable to us. We can enforce standards of behavior, mediate
disputes, and guarantee satisfaction.



Read more about why hiring through BuildZoom is so effective.
 
less...









Press Coverage





BuildZoom’s database now contains every licensed contractor across the U.S. - over 2.5 million of them... Categorized contractor profiles are enriched using government data from state licensing boards, Better Business Bureau ratings, and more…


BuildZoom jumped into the fray by announcing that it raised $10.6 million in a round led by Formation 8. ...the Y combinator-backed startup said it will be focused on remodeling projects, where the median budget is around $19,000…


A new index compiled by BuildZoom — which identifies contractors for projects — found that renovations are
running 2.8 percent above their 2005 level…




















×
Contact Reynolds, Christopher J
We will attempt to deliver your message to Reynolds, Christopher J. We'll notify you when it is delivered.













Your Name

Your Email

Your Phone (optional)

Your Message

I'm interested in speaking with you about a project. Are you available to chat today?

 









‹
›
×




×












 
How the BuildZoom Score Works
Read more about the BuildZoom scoring algorithm here.


A Licensed Contractor Starts with 90 Points.


Their score will increase or decrease based on these variables.
























Positive Client Feedback





Verified License + Insurance





Project History





Community Participation





Profile Page Content


Employee Info
Years in Business
Contact Info
Project Photos









Suspended or Inactive License





Negative Client Feedback





Limited Work History
























Browse remodeling photos
If you are looking for remodeling ideas, you can browse hundreds of beautiful photos of work performed by our general contractors.






Browse building permits
You can use our building permit search to see the contractors who are active in your neighborhood and the projects currently taking place.






Get a cost estimate
Use our remodeling calculator to get a ballpark estimate for your project. If you're ready to hire, use our bidding system to get actual quotes from local contractors.

































































	
	 Christopher J Reynolds  | 
	Professionals | Holland & Knight
	























































PDF
|Print
|Email
|Text Size










		        Offices
		    


		        Careers
		    


		        Client Login
		    


    		    Alumni
		    








                    Our Profile
                











                    Recognition
                


                    Case Studies
                


                    History
                


                    Diversity
                


                    Women's Initiative
                


                    Community Commitment
                














                    Practices
                















										Corporate Transactions, Finance and Tax
									



										International
									



										Latin America
									



										Litigation and Dispute Resolution
									



										Private Wealth Services
									



										Real Estate, Hospitality and Leisure
									



										Regulatory and Government Affairs
									
























                Aircraft Finance
            



                Anti-Money Laundering
            



                Banking Law
            



                Broker-Dealer Regulation and Compliance
            



                Business Aviation
            



                Captive Insurance
            



                Commercial Lending
            



                Compliance Services
            



                Corporate Governance
            



                Corporate Services
            



                Cyber Liability Insurance
            



                Derivatives
            



                D&O and Management Liability Insurance
            



                E-Commerce
            



                Energy: Liquefied Natural Gas
            



                Entertainment Law
            



                Environmental Transactions
            



                Equipment Financing and Leasing
            



                Employee Benefits and Executive Compensation
            



                ESOP (Employee Stock Ownership Plans)
            



                Financial Services
            



                Franchise
            



                Health Plans and Health Insurance
            



                Healthcare & Life Sciences
            



                Healthcare Technology, Outsourcing and HITECH
            



                Healthcare Transactions
            





                Hospital-Based Systems
            



                Insurance Transactions and Regulatory
            



                International Financial Regulations
            



                Investment Management
            



                Long-Term Care Facilities
            



                Maritime and Logistics Contracts
            



                Maritime Transactions
            



                Mergers and Acquisitions
            



                Outsourcing
            



                Private Equity
            



                Private Investment Funds
            



                Project Finance
            



                Public Companies and Securities
            



                Public Finance
            



                Renewable Energy Tax Credits
            



                Securitization
            



                Shareholder Rights, Relations and Dispute Resolution
            



                State Tax Credits
            



                Structured Finance
            



                Tax Controversy and Litigation
            



                Tax Credit Fund Formation
            



                Tax Credit Transactions
            



                Taxation
            



                Technology
            



                Venture Capital and Emerging Companies
            

 


  










                International Practices
            



                Canada Practice
            



                China Practice
            



                Israel Practice
            



                Japan Practice
            



                Korea Practice
            



                Nordic: Finland and Scandinavia Practice
            



                Middle East Practice
            



                Customs and Products Importation
            



                Embassies and Sovereign Governments
            



                Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
            



                Immigration
            



                Industrial Security
            



                International and Cross Border Transactions
            



                International Litigation and Arbitration
            



                International Trade
            



                Trade Policy
            



                U.S. Antiboycott Laws
            



                U.S. Export Control and Sanctions Laws
            

 


  










                Latin America Practice
            



                Colombia Practice
            



                Cuba Action Team
            



                Mexico Practice
            

 


  










                Antitrust, Trade Regulation and Competition
            



                Appellate
            



                Aviation
            



                Bankruptcy, Restructuring and Creditors' Rights
            



                Class Action Litigation and Arbitration
            



                Consumer Protection Defense and Compliance
            



                Construction
            



                Education
            



                Environmental Litigation
            



                Financial Investigations
            



                Freight Rail
            



                Government Contracts
            



                Healthcare Fraud and Abuse
            



                Healthcare Litigation
            





                Insurance Disputes - Insurers
            



                Intellectual Property
            



                Labor, Employment and Benefits
            



                Lawyer Ethics, Risk Management and Regulation
            



                Litigation and Dispute Resolution
            



                Maritime
            



                Media
            



                Motor Carriers and Logistics
            



                Product Liability
            



                Regulatory and Federal Litigation
            



                Risk and Crisis Management
            



                Securities Litigation
            



                Trade Litigation
            



                White Collar Defense and Investigations
            

 


  










                Private Wealth Services
            



                Wealth Planning and Preservation
            



                Trusts, Estates and Fiduciary Litigation
            



                Private Companies
            



                Offshore Tax Compliance
            



                International Private Client Group
            



                Family Office Services
            

 


  










                Affordable Housing Transactions
            



                Commercial Real Estate Leasing
            



                Condominium Development and Conversion
            



                Construction Transactions
            



                Eminent Domain and Condemnation
            



                Gasoline Service Stations
            



                GSA Leasing & Federal Real Estate
            



                Healthcare Real Estate
            



                Historic Tax Credits
            



                Hospitality, Resort and Timeshare
            



                Illinois Land Use and Local Government
            



                Land Use and Government
            



                Land Use: Florida
            





                Land Use: Mid-Atlantic
            



                Land Use: New York
            



                Low-Income Housing Tax Credits
            



                Military Housing and Installations Redevelopment
            



                Multifamily Housing
            



                New Markets Tax Credit
            



                Real Estate
            



                Real Estate Finance
            



                Real Estate Taxation
            



                Residential and Master-Planned Communities
            



                Retail Development and Leasing
            



                West Coast Land Use and Environment
            

 


  










                Alcohol Beverage
            



                Aviation Policy
            



                Aviation Regulation
            



                California Winery Industry Services
            



                Climate Change
            



                Communications
            



                Congressional Investigations
            



                Cybersecurity and Privacy
            



                Data Privacy Testing Lab: Overview
            



                D.C. Practice
            



                Energy
            



                Environment
            



                Environmental Advocacy
            



                Federal Budget and Appropriations
            



                Federal Practice
            



                Florida Government Advocacy
            



                Government Representation
            



                Healthcare Appropriations
            



                Healthcare Policy
            





                High-Stakes Communications
            



                HIPAA
            



                Homeland Security
            



                Local Government Advocacy
            



                Maritime Regulatory, Government and Security
            



                Native American Law
            



                Natural Resources
            



                Pharmaceutical, Biotechnology and Medical Device Industries
            



                Pipelines
            



                Political Law
            



                Public Policy & Regulation
            



                Public-Private Partnerships
            



                Renewable and Alternative Energy
            



                State and Local Government Procurement
            



                State Capitals
            



                Sustainable Development
            



                Transit
            



                Transportation of Hazardous Materials
            



                Water Law
            

 


  





                    Industries
                








Construction
Education
Energy and Natural Resources
Financial Services
Government Entities
Healthcare & Life Sciences
Hospitality
Insurance
Legal Profession
Real Estate
Retail & Consumer Products
Technology & Telecommunications
Transportation & Infrastructure












                    Professionals
                



















Advanced Search











                    News & Knowledge
                











                    Multimedia
                


                    Publications
                


                    Blogs
                


                    In The Headlines
                


                    Press Releases
                














                    Events
                
































Practices
Real Estate
D.C. Practice
Commercial Real Estate Leasing



Education

Georgetown University Law Center, J.D.Georgetown University, B.A., History and Government



Bar Admissions



District of Columbia


Maryland











Find a Professional














	Level

	Partner

	Senior Counsel

	Associate

	Consulting Counsel

	Legislative Professional

	Land Use Planner

	Consultant






	Office

	Anchorage

	Atlanta

	Austin

	Bogotá

	Boston

	Charlotte

	Chicago

	Dallas

	Denver

	Fort Lauderdale

	Houston

	Jacksonville

	Lakeland

	London

	Los Angeles

	Mexico City

	Miami

	New York

	Operations Center

	Orlando

	Portland

	San Francisco

	Stamford

	Tallahassee

	Tampa

	Tysons

	Washington, D.C.

	West Palm Beach






	Practices

	Affordable Housing Transactions

	Aircraft Accident Investigation and Litigation

	Aircraft Finance

	Alcohol Beverage

	Anti-Money Laundering

	Antitrust, Trade Regulation and Competition

	Appellate

	Aviation

	Aviation Policy

	Aviation Regulation

	Banking Law

	Bankruptcy, Restructuring and Creditors' Rights

	Broker-Dealer Regulation and Compliance

	Business Aviation

	California Winery Industry Services

	Canada Practice

	Captive Insurance

	China Practice

	Civil Rights, Discrimination and Retaliation

	Class Action Litigation and Arbitration

	Climate Change

	Colombia Practice

	Commercial Lending

	Commercial Real Estate Leasing

	Communications

	Community Banking

	Compliance Services

	Condominium Development and Conversion

	Congressional Investigations

	Construction

	Construction Transactions

	Consumer Protection Defense and Compliance

	Consumer Protection Defense and Compliance Events

	Consumer Protection Defense and Compliance Library

	Copyright

	Corporate Governance

	Corporate Services

	Cruise Lines and Yachts

	Cuba Action Team

	Customs and Products Importation

	Cyber Liability Insurance

	Cybersecurity and Privacy

	D&O and Management Liability Insurance

	D.C. Practice

	Data Privacy Testing Lab: Overview

	Data Privacy Testing Lab: Services

	Derivatives

	Drone Practice

	E-Commerce

	Education

	Embassies and Sovereign Governments

	Eminent Domain and Condemnation

	Employee Benefits and Executive Compensation

	Energy

	Energy Restructuring

	Energy: Liquefied Natural Gas

	Entertainment Law

	Environment

	Environmental Advocacy

	Environmental Litigation

	Environmental Transactions

	Equipment Financing and Leasing

	ESOP (Employee Stock Ownership Plans)

	False Claims Act Defense

	Family Office Services

	Federal Budget and Appropriations

	Federal Practice

	Financial Investigations

	Financial Services

	Florida Government Advocacy

	Foreign Corrupt Practices Act

	Franchise

	Freight Rail

	Gasoline Service Stations

	Government Contracts

	Government Representation

	Government Resources

	GSA Leasing & Federal Real Estate

	Health Plans and Health Insurance

	Healthcare & Life Sciences

	Healthcare Antitrust

	Healthcare Appropriations

	Healthcare Fraud and Abuse

	Healthcare Litigation

	Healthcare Policy

	Healthcare Real Estate

	Healthcare Technology, Outsourcing and HITECH

	Healthcare Transactions

	Healthcare White Collar Defense and Investigations

	High-Stakes Communications

	HIPAA

	Historic Tax Credits

	Holland & Knight Institute for Consumer Protection Defense and Compliance

	Homeland Security

	Hospital-Based Systems

	Hospitality, Resort and Timeshare

	Illinois Land Use and Local Government

	Immigration

	Industrial Security

	Insurance Disputes - Insurers

	Insurance Disputes - Policyholders

	Insurance Transactions and Regulatory

	Intellectual Property

	International and Cross Border Transactions

	International Financial Regulations

	International Litigation and Arbitration

	International Practices

	International Private Client Group

	International Trade

	Investment Management

	Israel Practice

	Japan Practice

	Korea Practice

	Labor and Employment Class Actions

	Labor Relations for Management

	Labor, Employment and Benefits

	Land Use and Government

	Land Use: Florida

	Land Use: Mid-Atlantic

	Land Use: New York

	Latin America Practice

	Latin American Investigations

	Law Firm Data Privacy and Security

	Lawyer Ethics, Risk Management and Regulation

	Legislative Tax Practice

	Licensing and Transactions

	Litigation and Dispute Resolution

	Local Government Advocacy

	Long-Term Care Facilities

	Low-Income Housing Tax Credits

	Maritime

	Maritime and Logistics Contracts

	Maritime Appellate and Amicus

	Maritime Bankruptcies, Foreclosures and Workouts

	Maritime Casualty, Pollution and Salvage

	Maritime Intermodal and Terminals

	Maritime Regulatory, Government and Security

	Maritime Transactions

	Maritime: Energy, LNG/LPG and Cables

	Media

	Mergers and Acquisitions

	Mexico Practice

	Mexico's New Energy Laws

	Middle East Practice

	Military Housing and Installations Redevelopment

	Mining

	Motor Carriers and Logistics

	Multifamily Housing

	Native American Law

	Natural Resources

	Navigating a Consumer Protection Investigation

	New Markets Tax Credit

	Non-Competes, Trade Secrets and Defecting Employees

	Nonprofit and Tax-Exempt Organizations

	Nordic: Finland and Scandinavia Practice

	Offshore Tax Compliance

	OSHA, Workplace Safety and Whistleblower Claims

	Outsourcing

	Patent Litigation

	Patent Protection and Prosecution

	Pharmaceutical, Biotechnology and Medical Device Industries

	Pipelines

	Political Law

	Private Companies

	Private Equity

	Private Investment Funds

	Private Wealth Services

	Product Liability

	Project Finance

	Public Companies and Securities

	Public Finance

	Public Policy & Regulation

	Public Policy & Regulation Internship Program

	Public-Private Partnerships

	Real Estate

	Real Estate Finance

	Real Estate Taxation

	Regulatory and Federal Litigation

	Religious Institutions

	Renewable and Alternative Energy

	Renewable Energy Tax Credits

	Residential and Master-Planned Communities

	Retail Development and Leasing

	Risk and Crisis Management

	Satellite and Space Technology

	Securities Litigation

	Securitization

	Shareholder Rights, Relations and Dispute Resolution

	State and Local Government Procurement

	State Capitals

	State Tax Credits

	Structured Finance

	Sustainable Development

	Tax Controversy and Litigation

	Tax Credit Fund Formation

	Tax Credit Transactions

	Taxation

	TCPA Class Action Litigation

	Technology

	Trade Litigation

	Trade Policy

	Trademark

	Transit

	Transportation of Hazardous Materials

	Trusts, Estates and Fiduciary Litigation

	U.S. Antiboycott Laws

	U.S. Export Control and Sanctions Laws

	Venture Capital and Emerging Companies

	Wage and Hour

	Water Law

	Wealth Planning and Preservation

	West Coast Land Use and Environment

	What We Do: Institute for Consumer Protection Defense and Compliance

	White Collar Defense and Investigations

	Who We Are: Institute for Consumer Protection Defense and Compliance






	School

	Acadia University

	Albany Law School

	Albany State University

	Alexander Blewett III School of Law at the University of Montana

	Alfred University

	Allegheny College

	American University

	American University, Washington College of Law

	Amherst College

	Appalachian State University

	Arizona State University

	Ashford University

	Auburn University

	Augustana College

	Ball State University

	Bard College

	Barnard College, Columbia University

	Baylor Law School

	Baylor University

	Benedictine University

	Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law

	Binghamton University

	Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania

	Boston College

	Boston College Law School

	Boston College Lynch School of Education

	Boston University

	Boston University School of Law

	Boston University School of Management

	Boston University School of Public Health

	Bowdoin College

	BPP Law School United Kingdom

	Brandeis University

	Bridgewater State University

	Brigham Young University

	Brooklyn College of the City University of New York

	Brooklyn Law School

	Brown University

	Bryn Mawr College

	Bucerius Law School, Otto Beisheim School of Management

	Bucknell University

	Bureau Veritas

	California College of the Arts

	California State Polytechnic University

	California State University, Bakersfield

	California State University, Dominguez Hills

	California State University, Northridge

	Cambridge University

	Canisius College

	Carleton College

	Carleton University

	Carnegie Mellon University

	Case Western Reserve University

	Case Western Reserve University School of Law

	Centenary College of Louisiana

	Chartered Insurance Institute

	Chicago-Kent College of Law

	City University of New York

	Claremont McKenna College

	Clemson University

	Colby College

	Colegio Franciscano San Luis Rey

	Colegio Mayor de Nuestra Señora del Rosario

	Colegio San Francisco Javier

	Colgate University

	College of Charleston

	College of Law York

	College of William & Mary

	Colorado College

	Colorado School of Mines

	Colorado State University

	Columbia College

	Columbia University

	Columbia University Law School

	Connecticut College

	Cornell Law School

	Cornell University

	Cornell University School of Industrial and Labor Relations

	Coro Fellows Program

	Creighton University

	Creighton University School of Law

	Cumberland School of Law, Samford University

	Dartmouth College

	Davidson College

	Denison University

	DePaul University

	DePaul University College of Law

	DePauw University

	Dickinson College

	Drake University

	Drexel University

	Duke University

	Duke University School of Law

	Duquesne University

	Earlham College

	East Carolina University

	Eastern Kentucky University

	Eastern Mennonite University

	Emmanuel College

	Emory University

	Emory University School of Law

	Emory University, Goizueta Business School

	Escuela Libre de Derecho

	Escuela Libre de Derecho; International Chamber of Commerce

	Evangel University

	Facultad Libre de Derecho de Monterrey

	Fairfield University

	Fairleigh Dickinson University

	Flagler College

	Florida A & M University College of Law

	Florida Atlantic University

	Florida Coastal School of Law

	Florida Institute of Technology

	Florida International University

	Florida International University College of Law

	Florida Southern College

	Florida State University

	Florida State University College of Business

	Florida State University College of Law

	Fontbonne University

	Fordham University

	Fordham University School of Law

	Franklin & Marshall College

	Fundación Universidad del Norte

	Furman University

	Geneva School of Diplomacy and International Relations

	George Mason University

	George Mason University School of Law

	Georgetown University

	Georgetown University Law Center

	Georgetown University, Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service

	Georgetown University, McCourt School of Public Policy

	Georgia Institute of Technology

	Georgia State University College of Law

	Gettysburg College

	Golden Gate University School of Law

	Gonzaga University School of Law

	Goshen College

	Goucher College

	Graduate Theological Union

	Grinnell College

	Guilford College

	Hamilton College

	Hampden-Sydney College

	Hankuk University of Foreign Studies

	Hanover College

	Hartwick College

	Harvard College

	Harvard Divinity School

	Harvard Law School

	Harvard University

	Harvard University Kennedy School of Government

	Haverford College

	Hobart College

	Hofstra University

	Hofstra University School of Law

	Houston College of Law

	Howard University

	Howard University School of Law

	Hunter College of the City University of New York

	Illinois State University

	Illinois Wesleyan University

	Indiana University

	Indiana University Bloomington

	Indiana University of Pennsylvania

	Indiana University School of Law-Indianapolis

	Inns of Court School of Law, London

	Institut D'Etudes Politiques (Rennes, France)

	Instituto Colombiano de Derecho Tributario

	Instituto de Estudios Europeos (Madrid, Spain)

	Instituto Panamericano Alta Dirección de Empresas

	Instituto Tecnológico Autónomo de México

	Instituto Tecnológico y de Estudios Superiores de Monterrey

	International Management Center

	James Madison University

	Katholieke Universiteit Leuven

	Kenyon College

	King's College London

	Knox College

	Kyrgyz State National University

	Lafayette College

	LaSalle University

	Lee University

	Lehigh University

	Lewis & Clark College

	Liceo Francés Louis Pasteur

	Lipscomb University

	London Metropolitan University

	Long Island University, C.W. Post Campus

	Louisiana State University

	Louisiana State University Paul M. Hebert Law Center

	Loyola Law School, Los Angeles

	Loyola Marymount University

	Loyola University Chicago

	Loyola University Chicago School of Law

	Loyola University New Orleans

	Luther College

	Macalester College

	Manhattanville College

	Marist College

	Marquette University Law School

	Massachusetts Institute of Technology

	McGill University

	Mercer University

	Mercer University School of Law

	Michigan State University

	Michigan State University College of Law

	Michigan State University, James Madison College of Public Policy

	Middlebury College

	Middlebury Institute of International Studies at Monterey

	Millikin University

	Montana State University

	Mount Holyoke College

	Muhlenberg College

	National Defense University

	National Intelligence University

	National University of Ireland, Galway

	National-Louis University

	New College of Florida

	New England School of Law

	New Jersey Institute of Technology

	New York Institute of Finance

	New York Law School

	New York University

	New York University School of Law

	New York University, Leonard N. Stern School of Business

	Niles College of Loyola University (Chicago, Illinois)

	North Carolina State University

	Northeastern University

	Northwestern School of Law of Lewis & Clark College

	Northwestern University

	Northwestern University School of Law

	Notre Dame College

	Nottingham Law School

	Nova Southeastern University

	Nova Southeastern University Shepard Broad Law Center

	Oberlin College

	Occidental College

	Oglethorpe University

	Ohio University

	Ohio Wesleyan University

	Oral Roberts University

	Oxford University

	Pace University School of Law

	Peking University

	Pennsylvania State University

	Pensacola Christian College

	Pepperdine University

	Pepperdine University School of Law

	Pomona College

	Pontificia Universidad Javeriana

	Pontifícia Universidade Católica de Minas Gerais

	Portland State University

	Presbyterian College

	Princeton University

	Providence College

	Purdue University

	Queen Mary University of London

	Queens College, City University of New York

	Queen's University

	Quinnipiac University

	Quinnipiac University School of Business

	Quinnipiac University School of Law

	Reed College

	Regent University School of Law

	Regis College

	Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute

	Rice University

	Rijks Universiteit Leiden

	Roger Williams University School of Law

	Rollins College

	Rosemont College

	Rutgers Law School

	Rutgers University

	Saint Anselm College

	Saint Leo University

	Saint Louis University

	Samford University

	Santa Clara University

	Santa Clara University School of Law

	Scripps College

	Seattle University School of Law

	Seton Hall University

	Seton Hall University School of Law

	Sewanee: The University of the South

	Shippensburg University

	Simmons College

	Skerry's Business College

	Skidmore College

	Smith College

	Sofia University Law School (Bulgaria)

	Southeast Missouri State University

	Southern Methodist University

	Southern Methodist University Dedman School of Law

	Southern University Law Center

	Southern Utah University

	Southwestern University School of Law

	Spelman College

	Springfield College

	St John's College, Durham University

	St. John's College

	St. John's University

	St. John's University School of Law

	St. John's University, College of Business Administration

	St. Louis University School of Law

	St. Mary's College of Maryland

	St. Mary's University School of Law

	St. Olaf College

	St. Thomas University

	St. Thomas University School of Law

	Stanford Law School

	Stanford University

	State University of New York at Albany

	State University of New York at Binghamton

	State University of New York at Buffalo School of Law

	State University of New York at Stony Brook

	State University of New York, The College at Brockport

	Stetson University

	Stetson University College of Law

	Suffolk University Law School

	Swarthmore College

	Syracuse University

	Syracuse University College of Law

	Syracuse University, Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs

	Taylor University

	Tel Aviv University Faculty of Law

	Temple University, Beasley School of Law

	Texas A&M University

	Texas A&M University-Commerce

	Texas Christian University

	Texas Tech University

	Texas Tech University School of Law

	The Catholic University of America

	The Catholic University of America Columbus School of Law

	The Citadel

	The City College of New York

	The College of the Holy Cross

	The College of Wooster

	The Divinity School, Vanderbilt University

	The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy, Tufts University

	The George Washington University

	The George Washington University Law School

	The George Washington University, The Elliott School of International Affairs

	The Hague Academy of International Law

	The John Marshall Law School

	The Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health

	The Johns Hopkins University

	The Judge Advocate General's School, U.S. Army

	The London School of Economics and Political Science

	The Ohio State University

	The Ohio State University College of Law

	The State University of New York

	The University of Alabama

	The University of Alabama at Birmingham

	The University of Alabama School of Law

	The University of Chicago

	The University of Chicago Law School

	The University of Georgia

	The University of Georgia School of Law

	The University of Iowa

	The University of Law London Moorgate

	The University of Manchester, Alliance Manchester Business School

	The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill

	The University of Tampa

	The University of Texas at Arlington

	The University of Texas at Austin

	The University of Texas at Dallas

	The University of Texas School of Law

	The University of Utah

	The University of Utah S.J. Quinney College of Law

	The University of Vermont

	The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania

	Touro College

	Trinity College

	Tufts University

	Tulane University

	Tulane University Law School

	Tulane University, A.B. Freeman School of Business

	UCLA Anderson School of Management

	UCLA School of Law

	UNC School of Law

	Union College

	United Nations Institute for Training and Research

	United States Air Force Academy

	United States Merchant Marine Academy

	United States Military Academy, West Point

	United States Naval Academy

	Universidad Anáhuac

	Universidad Carlos III de Madrid

	Universidad Católica Andrés Bello

	Universidad Católica Argentina

	Universidad Católica de Colombia

	Universidad Catolica de Santiago de Guayaquil

	Universidad Central de Venezuela

	Universidad de La Habana

	Universidad de La Sabana

	Universidad de las Americas Puebla

	Universidad de Los Andes

	Universidad del Rosario

	Universidad Externado de Colombia

	Universidad Iberoamericana

	Universidad Iberoamericana AC

	Universidad Internacional de la Rioja

	Universidad Libre de Colombia

	Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México

	Universidad Panamericana

	Universidad Pontificia Comillas de Madrid

	Universidad Sergio Arboleda

	Université de Paris I–Sorbonne

	Université de Poitiers

	University at Buffalo, The State University of New York

	University College London

	University for Peace

	University of Aarhus, Cand Jur

	University of Akron

	University of Akron School of Law

	University of Alaska – Anchorage

	University of Albany, The State University of New York

	University of Arizona

	University of Arizona College of Law

	University of Arkansas

	University of Baltimore School of Law

	University of Bristol

	University of California Davis School of Law

	University of California Hastings College of the Law

	University of California, Berkeley

	University of California, Berkeley Extension

	University of California, Berkeley School of Law

	University of California, Berkeley, Goldman School of Public Policy

	University of California, Irvine

	University of California, Los Angeles

	University of California, Riverside

	University of California, San Diego

	University of California, Santa Barbara

	University of California, Santa Cruz

	University of Central Florida

	University of Colorado

	University of Colorado at Colorado Springs

	University of Colorado Denver

	University of Colorado School of Law

	University of Connecticut

	University of Connecticut School of Law

	University of Dayton

	University of Dayton School of Law

	University of Delaware

	University of Denver

	University of Denver Sturm College of Law

	University of Detroit

	University of Detroit Mercy

	University of Dundee

	University of Florida

	University of Florida Levin College of Law

	University of Florida, College of Pharmacy

	University of Florida, Fisher School of Accounting

	University of Florida, Hough Graduate School of Business

	University of Florida, Warrington College of Business Administration

	University of Haifa

	University of Haifa Faculty School of Law

	University of Hobart

	University of Houston

	University of Houston Law Center

	University of Houston-Downtown

	University of Hull

	University of Idaho

	University of Illinois

	University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign

	University of Illinois College of Law

	University of Iowa College of Law

	University of Kentucky

	University of Kentucky College of Law

	University of Lapland

	University of Leeds (England)

	University of London

	University of Louisville

	University of Mary Washington

	University of Maryland

	University of Maryland School of Law

	University of Maryland, Baltimore County

	University of Massachusetts Amherst

	University of Massachusetts Lowell

	University of Memphis

	University of Memphis Cecil C. Humphreys School of Law

	University of Miami

	University of Miami School of Law

	University of Miami School of Nursing

	University of Miami, College of Arts and Sciences

	University of Michigan

	University of Michigan Law School

	University of Michigan-Dearborn

	University of Minnesota

	University of Minnesota Law School

	University of Mississippi

	University of Missouri-St. Louis

	University of Nebraska College of Law

	University of Nebraska-Lincoln

	University of New Hampshire

	University of New Hampshire School of Law

	University of New Mexico

	University of North Florida

	University of North Texas

	University of Northern Iowa

	University of Notre Dame

	University of Notre Dame Law School

	University of Oklahoma

	University of Oklahoma College of Law

	University of Oregon

	University of Oregon School of Law

	University of Pennsylvania

	University of Pennsylvania Law School

	University of Pittsburgh

	University of Pittsburgh School of Law

	University of Pretoria

	University of Puerto Rico

	University of Puerto Rico School of Law

	University of Rhode Island

	University of Richmond

	University of Richmond School of Law

	University of Rochester

	University of San Diego

	University of San Diego School of Law

	University of San Francisco School of Law

	University of San Francisco School Of Law

	University of South Carolina

	University of South Carolina School of Law

	University of South Florida

	University of Southampton

	University of Southern California

	University of Southern California Gould School of Law

	University of Strathclyde

	University of Technology Sydney

	University of Tennessee

	University of Tennessee College of Law

	University of the Pacific

	University of the Pacific, McGeorge School of Law

	University of the Philippines

	University of Toledo College of Law

	University of Toronto

	University of Virginia

	University of Virginia School of Law

	University of Washington

	University of Washington School of Law

	University of West Florida

	University of West Georgia

	University of West Los Angeles

	University of Windsor

	University of Wisconsin

	University of Wisconsin Law School

	University of Wisconsin-Madison

	University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee

	Utica College

	Vanderbilt University

	Vanderbilt University Law School

	Vassar College

	Vermont Law School

	Villanova University

	Villanova University Charles Widger School of Law

	Virginia Commonwealth University

	Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University

	Wabash College

	Wake Forest University

	Wake Forest University School of Law

	Washburn University

	Washburn University School of Law

	Washington & Jefferson College

	Washington and Lee University

	Washington and Lee University School of Law

	Washington University in St. Louis

	Washington University School of Law

	Wayne State University Law School

	Webster University

	Wellesley College

	Wentworth Institute of Technology

	Wesleyan University

	West Texas A&M University

	West Virginia University

	West Virginia Wesleyan College

	Western Connecticut State University

	Western Michigan University

	Western Michigan University Cooley Law School

	Western New England University School of Law

	Western Washington University

	Westminster College

	Wheaton College

	Whitman College

	Whitworth College

	Willamette University

	William & Mary Law School

	William & Mary Law School

	Williams College

	Wofford College

	Worcester Polytechnic Institute

	Xavier University

	Xavier University of Louisiana

	Yale College

	Yale Divinity School

	Yale Law School

	Yale School of Management

	Yale University






	Spoken Language

	Albanian

	Bulgarian

	Cantonese

	Chinese

	Danish

	English

	Finnish

	French

	German

	Greek

	Guarani

	Haitian Creole

	Hebrew

	Hindi

	Italian

	Japanese

	Korean

	Mandarin

	Mandarin Chinese

	Norwegian

	Persian (Farsi)

	Portuguese

	Russian

	Spanish

	Swedish

	Taiwanese

	Thai






	Bar Admission

	Alabama

	Alaska

	Arizona

	California

	Colombia

	Colorado

	Connecticut

	Cuba

	Denmark

	District of Columbia

	Ecuador

	England and Wales

	Florida

	Georgia

	Hawaii

	Idaho

	Illinois

	Israel

	Japan

	Louisiana

	Maine

	Maryland

	Massachusetts

	Mexico

	Michigan

	Minnesota

	Missouri

	Montana

	Nebraska

	New Hampshire

	New Jersey

	New Mexico

	New South Wales

	New York

	North Carolina

	Ohio

	Oklahoma

	Oregon

	Pennsylvania

	Puerto Rico

	Quebec

	Rhode Island

	South Africa

	South Carolina

	Spain

	Taiwan

	Tennessee

	Texas

	Utah

	Venezuela

	Virginia

	Washington

	West Virginia

	Wisconsin

	Wyoming






	Court Admissions

	Alaska Federal District Court

	Alaska Supreme Court

	All Appellate Courts in Georgia

	All Appellate Courts in Oregon

	All Courts in Georgia

	All Courts in Louisiana

	All Courts in the District of Columbia

	All Federal Courts in Alabama

	All Federal Courts in California

	All Federal Courts in Connecticut

	All Federal Courts in Florida

	All Federal Courts in Georgia

	All Federal Courts in Massachusetts

	All Federal Courts in New Jersey

	All Federal Courts in New York

	All Federal Courts in Rhode Island

	All Federal Courts in Texas

	All State Courts in Alabama

	All State Courts in Alaska

	All State Courts in California

	All State Courts in Colorado

	All State Courts in Connecticut

	All State Courts in Florida

	All State Courts in Georgia

	All State Courts in Illinois

	All State Courts in Maryland

	All State Courts in Massachusetts

	All State Courts in Missouri

	All State Courts in Montana

	All State Courts in New Hampshire

	All State Courts in New Jersey

	All State Courts in New York

	All State Courts in North Carolina

	All State Courts in Oregon

	All State Courts in Pennsylvania

	All State Courts in Rhode Island

	All State Courts in South Carolina

	All State Courts in Texas

	All State Courts in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico

	All State Courts in Virginia

	All State Courts in Washington

	All Superior Courts in Georgia

	All Trial Courts in Georgia

	All Trial Courts in Oregon

	All U.S. District Courts in California

	All U.S. District Courts in Florida

	All U.S. District Courts in Oregon

	All U.S. District Courts in Texas

	Colorado Supreme Court

	Consejo Superior de la Judicatura

	Court of Appeals of Georgia

	Court of Appeals of Maryland

	European Circuit of the Bar of England and Wales

	Florida Supreme Court

	Illinois Appellate Court

	Illinois Supreme Court

	Maine Supreme Judicial Court

	Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court

	Michigan Court of Appeals

	Michigan Supreme Court

	New York State Court of Appeals

	San Manuel Tribal Court

	Supreme Court of California

	Supreme Court of Georgia

	Supreme Court of Minnesota

	Supreme Court of New Jersey

	Supreme Court of Pennsylvania

	Supreme Court of Virginia

	Texas Supreme Court

	U.S. Air Force Court of Criminal Appeals

	U.S. Army Court of Criminal Appeals

	U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Columbia

	U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Maryland

	U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of Virginia

	U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Middle District of Florida

	U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of Florida

	U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of Georgia

	U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Florida

	U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Western District of Virginia

	U.S. Circuit Courts of Appeal

	U.S. Court of Appeals    for the Armed Forces

	U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit

	U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit

	U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit

	U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit

	U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit

	U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit

	U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit

	U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit

	U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit

	U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit

	U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit

	U.S. Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit

	U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit

	U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans' Claims

	U.S. Court of Federal Claims

	U.S. Court of International Trade

	U.S. District Court for the Central District of California

	U.S. District Court for the Central District of Illinois

	U.S. District Court for the District of Alaska

	U.S. District Court for the District of Arizona

	U.S. District Court for the District of Colorado

	U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia

	U.S. District Court for the District of Connecticut

	U.S. District Court for the District of Idaho

	U.S. District Court for the District of Kansas

	U.S. District Court for the District of Maine

	U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland

	U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts

	U.S. District Court for the District of Nevada

	U.S. District Court for the District of New Hampshire

	U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey

	U.S. District Court for the District of North Dakota

	U.S. District Court for the District of Oregon

	U.S. District Court for the District of Puerto Rico

	U.S. District Court for the District of Rhode Island

	U.S. District Court for the District of South Carolina

	U.S. District Court for the District of South Dakota

	U.S. District Court for the District of Utah

	U.S. District Court for the District of Vermont

	U.S. District Court for the District of Wyoming

	U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Arkansas

	U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of California

	U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana

	U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan

	U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York

	U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania

	U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas

	U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia

	U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Washington

	U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Wisconsin

	U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Alabama

	U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Florida

	U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Florida, Trial Bar

	U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Georgia

	U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Louisiana

	U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania

	U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Alabama

	U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California

	U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Florida

	U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia

	U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois

	U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, Trial Bar

	U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Indiana

	U.S. District Court for the Northern District of New York

	U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas

	U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California

	U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida

	U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida, Trial Bar

	U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Georgia

	U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Illinois

	U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Indiana

	U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York

	U.S. District Court for the Southern District of South Dakota

	U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas

	U.S. District Court for the Western District of Kentucky

	U.S. District Court for the Western District of Louisiana

	U.S. District Court for the Western District of Michigan

	U.S. District Court for the Western District of Missouri

	U.S. District Court for the Western District of New York

	U.S. District Court for the Western District of North Carolina

	U.S. District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma

	U.S. District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania

	U.S. District Court for the Western District of Texas

	U.S. District Court for the Western District of Virginia

	U.S. District Court for the Western District of Washington

	U.S. District Court for the Western District of Wisconsin

	U.S. District Court, District of Wisconsin

	U.S. District Court, Trial Bar

	U.S. District Courts

	U.S. Federal Courts

	U.S. Patent and Trademark Office

	U.S. Supreme Court

	U.S. Tax Court

	Virginia Supreme Court

	Washington Court of Appeals



















News

Holland & Knight Selected Real Estate “Law Firm of the Year” by U.S. News – Best Lawyers»
Holland & Knight Named Real Estate "Law Firm of the Year" by U.S. News – Best Lawyers®»








Christopher J Reynolds




Partner
Washington, D.C.

T 202.828.5097










                    Download My vCard
                








Christopher J. Reynolds is a partner in Holland & Knight's Washington, D.C., office and a member of the firm's Real Estate Group. His practice centers on office, industrial and retail leasing, hotel and hospitality work and commercial real estate acquisitions and sales.Mr. Reynolds represents institutional investors such as life insurance companies and pension funds in connection with their real estate investments, as well as governmental and quasi-governmental agencies with respect to their real estate holdings. This representation has included transactions involving office buildings as well as office park complexes, hotels, shopping centers, enclosed shopping malls and nuclear power plants. Mr. Reynolds also represents landlords and tenants in negotiating office, industrial and retail leases nationwide.  He has negotiated leases demising hundreds of thousands of square feet of office, industrial and retail space. 


Honors & AwardsPhi Beta Kappa





















HomeSite MapLegal Information


Follow Us








Attorney Advertising. Copyright © 1996–2017 Holland & Knight LLP. All rights reserved.















 




