









Automotive Dealership Solutions | DMS | Reynolds and Reynolds

































Subscribe to Our Email


 












Reynolds
Solutions
Support
Careers
Dealer News
Company

































Hear Dealer Stories









See How









Find Out Now






















Reynolds News



















Learn More




							
								ReyPAY
							
						




                        	
                            	Whitepaper
                            
                        








































 






Copyright © 2017 The Reynolds and Reynolds Company. All rights reserved. 
Privacy Policy*       Safe Harbor Policy       Legal Notices       Contact Us 




Belgium
Canada - English
Canada - French
France
Germany
The Netherlands
United Kingdom
United States








* Per the Online Privacy Policy for Reynolds-branded Websites, this is notice that the Privacy Policy has been updated, effective Feb. 5, 2015. The updated Privacy Policy can be viewed online at http://www.reyrey.com/privacy.htm.

















Careers | Reynolds and Reynolds





















Subscribe to Our Email


 










Reynolds
Solutions
Support
Careers
Dealer News
Company


































Locations

Dayton, OH (Headquarters)
Houston, TX
College Station, TX
Celina, OH
Nationwide





Job Categories


Accounting / Finance
Administrative / Clerical
Consulting
Customer Service
Information Technology
Manufacturing / General Labor
Marketing / Public Relations
Product / Project Management
Professional
Recruiting
Sales
Software Development
Training
Warehouse
Internships
Part-time
All Openings





Benefits / Culture

Green Initiatives
Life at Reynolds
Associates on the Record
Military Applicants





International





































Join The Team: Put Your Career In Drive!

				    At Reynolds and Reynolds, we look for talented individuals to join our team of professionals. We believe that our success is built on 
            the abilities of our associates and strive to create a challenging and rewarding environment where all individuals are respected and 
            encouraged to grow in their career.
            
            We offer a world of opportunities: Energizing projects. High-powered teaming. Constant learning and professional growth. They're all 
            a part of your future at Reynolds and Reynolds.
				  


				    Join our award-winning jobs in Sales and Consulting.
				  






Take a virtual tour








 Houston
 College Station
 Celina
 Dayton





NOTE:
When applying with Reynolds and Reynolds, candidates will never be asked to provide financial information or send money toward the purchase of any items.  If you have been asked to provide any of those items please contact the Internet Crime Complaint Center.












Follow @reyreycareers



























Copyright © 2017	The	Reynolds and Reynolds Company. All rights reserved.       Privacy Policy       Safe Harbor Policy       Legal Notices       Contact Us 



















Reynolds and Reynolds

Contact Us | Reynolds and Reynolds






















Subscribe to Our Email


 










Reynolds
Solutions
Support
Careers
Dealer News
Company








































Stay Connected








Follow @reyreytweets









CONTACT US

Corporate Headquarters Address:
 Reynolds and Reynolds
                    One Reynolds Way
                    Kettering, Ohio 45430
                    937.485.2000 
                    Houston Office Address:
                      6700 Hollister 
                      Houston, Texas 77040 
                      800.231.6347 or 713.718.1800 
College Station Office Address:
                      200 Quality Circle 
                      College Station, Texas 77845 
                      888.231.6347 or 979.595.2600 
 Product Sales and Information:

                 	ERA and POWER Systems: 800.767.7879
					ERA Documents: 800.344.0996
					POWER Documents: 888.999.6348

Customer Account Services: 
                      Your support for billing questions. 
ERA: 800.227.5020 or 866.268.5407 
                      (fax) | POWER: AccountServices@reyrey.com 
                      


Customer Service / Support 
                      / Training: 
ERA
                      800.767.0080 (US)
                      800.661.8600 (Canada)
                      800.265.3315 (Canadian French)
my.reyrey.com for support and other information
ERA-IGNITE and POWER training

POWER
                      888.999.6348 
Online Customer Support to submit questions, report hardware 
                      issues and more

Forms and Related Products
                    ERA U.S.: 800.344.0996 or email ReySource
					ERA Canada: 800.247.9934
					POWER: 888.999.6348


Email Reynolds Departments:

Webmaster
Sales 
                        Department
Billing 
                        Questions | Invoice 
                        Copies
Customer Training and Documentation
Recruiting 
Marketing
Media & Public Relations
























Copyright © 2017	The	Reynolds and Reynolds Company. All rights reserved.       Privacy Policy       Safe Harbor Policy       Legal Notices       Contact Us 





















Service | Support | Training | Reynolds and Reynolds






















Subscribe to Our Email


 










Reynolds
Solutions
Support
Careers
Dealer News
Company





























We recognize support is an essential part of your business operation. Our philosophy is to focus on one customer, one phone call, and one service event at a time. That is why Reynolds is one of only 18 companies to win the SSPA STAR Awards Hall of Fame Lifetime Achievement Award.



Customer Support Information
 
Data Center
 
Give A Shout Out!




Phone: 800.767.0080
Online Support: https://my.reyrey.com
My.reyrey.com Help Sheet
Forms Ordering: 800.344.0996 or  log in to ReySource®

 Phone: 888.999.6348 Note: Have your customer access code ready
Online Support: http://support.reyrey.com
Forms Ordering: 888.999.6348 ext. 76214

 Phone: 800.344.0996
Forms Ordering: Log in to ReySource®

Phone: 800.767.0080
 



Reynolds Data Center 
Purpose-built for the automotive industry, the Reynolds data center securely houses computer hardware and web hosting servers. The data center is designed to meet and exceed the requirements of our customers and partners with state-of-the-art facilities and support. 

Other Resources

Reynolds Consulting Services 
Reynolds consultants offer a wealth 
of practical industry knowledge and 
best practice solutions. The average 
consultant has approximately 25 years 
of in-dealership management or 
ownership experience and Reynolds 
systems experience.
Training
From instructor-led, Internet-based classes targeting specific job functions, to on-site personalized training and self-paced computer courses, you can always get the level of training you need to accomplish your goals.

 

















At Reynolds, we are extremely proud 
of our tradition of providing the 
highest quality service, and support. 
Our customers frequently send us 
success stories about how our people 
and products have made their 
business better. Check out some of 
our current featured stories.

Have a story you'd like to share?
Submit it! 













Copyright © 2017	The	Reynolds and Reynolds Company. All rights reserved.       Privacy Policy       Safe Harbor Policy       Legal Notices       Contact Us 


















The Reynolds and Reynolds Company
























Subscribe to Our Email


 










Reynolds
Solutions
Support
Careers
Dealer News
Company


































About Us

Reynolds Pride
In the Community
Scholarship Programs
Legacy and Timeline
Advisory Boards
What We Do





News and Events

News Releases
As Seen In
Industry Events
Road Show Schedule
Whitepapers and Reports









Marketing and Advertising

Customer Newsletters


Customer Success Videos
Customer Success Stories






Locations

Dayton, OH (Headquarters)
Houston, TX
College Station, TX
Celina, OH
International














































At a Glance


Provider of automotive retailing solutions for car dealers and automakers in the U.S., Canada, U.K., and Europe.
Founded in 1866 as a business forms printing company; began serving automobile dealers in 1927.
Headquartered in Dayton, Ohio, with more than 4,300 associates worldwide.
Recognized leader in customer satisfaction.


A Legacy of Product Innovation and Customer Service

									The Reynolds and Reynolds Company has a heritage of nearly 150 years of business operations - a heritage that 
									sets us apart as we build for the future.
									
									Reynolds was founded in 1866 as a forms printing company in Dayton, Ohio. We began serving the needs of automotive retailers in 
									1927 by providing standardized accounting forms for all franchised Chevrolet dealers. That one simple product made the 
									dealer's business more efficient and productive, and it made General Motors' task of analyzing sales and forecasting demand 
									much more consistent and effective. That spirit of innovation is the same spirit that has nurtured our growth over time . . . 
									from business forms in the 1920s . . . to batch processing systems in the 1960s and 70s . . . to today's sophisticated 
									dealership management systems and Web technologies.
									
									Today, Reynolds and Reynolds delivers the software, business forms and supplies, and professional services that support all 
									areas of automotive retailing for car dealers and automakers. Our solutions help improve the customer experience and help 
									make the dealer's business more efficient and profitable.
									
									Driven by our legacy of product innovation and customer service, our vision for the future is to help dealers transform their 
									business and the customer experience. That vision is anchored in the capability of the Reynolds dealership management 
									system and extends to every aspect of the dealer's retailing that affects the consumer experience, whether that's inside or 
									outside the four walls of the dealership. 
								


Quick Links

Latest News
Job Fairs
Industry Events
Customer Newsletters


























Copyright © 2017	The	Reynolds and Reynolds Company. All rights reserved.       Privacy Policy       Safe Harbor Policy       Legal Notices       Contact Us 





















DMS | ERA | POWER | Document Solutions | Reynolds and Reynolds



























Subscribe to Our Email


 










Reynolds
Solutions
Support
Careers
Dealer News
Company


































Dealership Management Systems

ERA
POWER
DMS Brand-Neutral Solutions





Document Services





Consulting and Training

Consulting Services
Training Options
ERA 'Net Training
POWER 'Net Training





Data Management










































                    	Transform Your Customer's Service Experience
                    
Customers have options when it comes to servicing their vehicles. Make the choice obvious by offering a great experience from appointment scheduling to pickup.

Experience More   >



























“Contracts in transit went from nine days to two.”
Tim Roberts, Dealer PartnerChampion ChevroletAvon, IN




Reyna Financing
Reyna provides dealers with finance and lease options for a variety of needs, including their dealership management system and general operation equipment.

















Copyright © 2017	The	Reynolds and Reynolds Company. All rights reserved.       Privacy Policy       Safe Harbor Policy       Legal Notices       Contact Us 






















































Choose Location
In order to serve you better, please select your location.  We have separate careers portals for the United States and Canada.



United States



Canada EnglishCanada Francais




 

 









A World of Opportunity
We're an international company with local attention to detail.  We're looking for employees that share our enthusiasm for innovation, collaboration, teamwork and results.



View Career Listings

 
 
 










View Career Listings

 
 
 










View Career Listings

 
 
 










View Career Listings

 
 
 
 






Experiences
We offer the opportunity to work in a high-energy environment where innovation and growth are valued.


Leadership
We're managed by experts in Finance, Operations, Marketing, Sales, IT, and HR. with a devotion to running our business effectively.


Benefits
We are committed to a diverse workforce as an equal opportunity employer. We offer all levels of competitive benefits and compensation.

 
 





Employee Testimonials
We pride ourselves in being a great place to work.  Don't take our word for it.  Take our employees'.

 







Judi B.
Sr Vice President, Business Transformation
 
 







Taylor R.
Packaging Engineer
 
 







Nick C.
Customer Service
 
 







Nazih M.
Plant Manager
 
 







Winston L.
National Broker Manager
 
 




 
 








Leading By Example

A MESSAGE FROM LANCE MITCHELL, CEO Reynolds Consumer Products
We are proud of our well-known and trusted brands, including Reynolds Wrap® foil, Hefty® trash bags, slider bags, and disposable tableware, and in 2014, we added Alcan® foil, Canada’s top foil brand. Our goal is to continue to earn your trust and offer new products and product improvements that make running a household easier. 
How we do it is just as important as the products we sell. Integrity is extremely important to us; we drive results through combining innovation and teamwork. A majority of our products are made in the U.S. and Canada, and the safety of our employees is our top priority. We put safety first, always. Our customer relationships are based on a long history of trust. We work to make not only our individual products successful; but provide insights to our retailers that help improve the product category.
We're looking for people that will help us reach our goals, including professionals in marketing, HR, IT, operations, logistics/supply chain, finance, and more. Please take a few minutes to read what some of our employees think about working here.









About Us

Two of the most trusted household brands, Reynolds® and Hefty®, joined together as Reynolds Consumer Products in 2010. While the establishment of this new company made it official, the truth is that Reynolds® and Hefty® products have been found side-by-side in the kitchens of American families for more than three generations.The creation of both the Reynolds® and Hefty® brands is the direct result of American ingenuity mixed with a bit of elbow grease. Reynolds Wrap® foil was invented after aluminum was no longer needed for military use; and became a new staple for American kitchens. Hefty® waste bags were first developed with excess material from an early plastics innovator, creating another household essential.

Read More



News



Box Tops for Education and Reynolds Consumer Products Host “Prep Your Pantry” Promotion!
John Cena Teams Up with Unlikely Co-Star—His Mom—in Triumphant Return as “Hefty Hefty Hefty!” Spokesperson in New Ads for Hefty® Ultra Strong™ Trash Bags
Dow Launches Grant Program to Launch Additional  Hefty® EnergyBag™ Programs for Converting  Non-Recycled Plastics to Energy
Hefty® Party Cups To Host Multi-City Flip Cup Tournament Encouraging Baseball Fans To Party Hefty®
New! Hefty Major League Baseball Party Cups
Reynolds Wrap Partners with Anthony Rizzo to Release Limited-Edition Rizzo Wrap 
How2Compost Packaging Label Standard Launches
Hefty Energy Bag: Omaha Program Converts Plastic Waste to Energy
Hefty Slider Bags Sponsors Teacherlists.Com To Make Getting School Supplies Simpler



Read More








Our Brands
Looking for more information on our Brands and products? Visit their individual sites for recipes, usage ideas, tips, promotions and coupons!













 










No. 1:13-cv-214. | REYNOLDS CONSUMER PRODUCTS... | Leagle.com











































Menu





Home
Featured Lawyers
Featured Decisions
Latest Decisions
Browse Decisions
Advanced Search



















LAWYER LOGIN








Home
Browse Decisions
REYNOLDS CONSUMER PRODUCTS, INC. v. HANDI-FOIL CORPORATION



					 
				




								REYNOLDS CONSUMER PRODUCTS, INC. v. HANDI-FOIL CORPORATION
							

Email  | 
								Print  |
								Comments (0)



									No. 1:13-cv-214.
								




View Case
Cited Cases






REYNOLDS CONSUMER PRODUCTS, INC. Plaintiff,
v.
HANDI-FOIL CORPORATION, Defendant.


United States District Court, E.D. Virginia, Alexandria Division.
July 18, 2014.









MEMORANDUM OPINION
LIAM O'GRADY, District Judge.
Following a four day trial, a jury found the Defendant liable of willfully infringing on the Plaintiff's trade dress rights in violation of the Lanham Act. The jury found in favor of the Defendant on all other counts. The parties have filed numerous post-trial motions. The Defendant's primary request is that the Court set aside the verdict. The Plaintiff requests the Court enforce the jury's verdict by way of permanent injunction and award it its costs and fees. For the reasons set forth below, the Court upholds the jury's verdict and grants an injunction in the Plaintiff's favor. The Court also grants the Plaintiff's motion for costs, but denies its request for attorney's fees.
BACKGROUND
This dispute began on February 15, 2013 when the Plaintiff, Reynolds Consumer Products Inc. ("Reynlods") sued the Defendant, Handi-Foil Corporation ("Handi-Foil"). Each party manufactures, markets, and sells aluminum roll foil. Reynolds' version of this product, Reynolds Wrap, has been the leading brand in the field for decades. In 2012, Handi-Foil launched a line of roll foil products bearing the Handi-Foil name and claiming to be new to the market. This matter arises from Reynolds' allegation that the packaging of this Handi-Foil product infringed and diluted the "famous and distinctive" Reynolds Wrap trade dress.
Reynolds twice moved to amend its complaint. Each time the motion was granted. On August 28, 2013, Reynolds filed its Second Amended Complaint, which became the operative complaint for the litigation. All told, Reynolds raised eight causes of action against Handi-Foil based on the marketing of the Handi-Foil roll foil product.1 In its answer, Handi-Foil asserted two counterclaims. The first sought a cancellation of Reynolds' trademark registrations and the second sought a declaratory judgment of non-infringement.
The parties filed extensive pre-trial motions including cross-motions for partial summary judgment. At the time, the parties fervently debated whether or not Reynolds had abandoned its pertinent trade mark registrations. In a Memorandum Opinion dated February 27, 2014, the Court granted Reynolds' motion for partial summary judgment, thus dismissing Handi-Foil's abandonment counterclaim. The court also denied Handi-Foil's corresponding motion for partial summary judgment and its motion to strike Reynolds' jury demand.
On March 21, 2014 the Court held argument on multiple evidentiary motions. Upon ruling on those motions the Court invited the parties to contact a Magistrate Judge to further mediate their dispute. The Court also invited the parties to consider voluntarily waiving the jury and conducting a bench trial instead. Both invitations were refused. With the parties having agreed to dismiss Reynolds' seventh cause of action (unjust enrichment) as well as Handi-Foil's declaratory judgment counterclaim, the seven remaining counts of Reynolds' complaint were left to be tried by jury.
The jury trial began on March 21, 2014. Four days later the jury unanimously found that Handi-Foil had willfully infringed on Reynolds' federal trade dress rights (Count 3). The jury found in favor of Handi-Foil on the remaining counts and awarded no damages.
The parties submitted post-trial motions on April 30, 2014, pursuant to their agreed upon post-trial briefing schedule. Handi-Foil submitted (i) a motion for judgment as a matter of law and costs, or, in the alternative, a motion for new trial; and (ii) a motion to bar Reynolds from seeking relief under the doctrine of laches. Reynolds filed (i) a request for a permanent injunction; and (ii) a motion for costs and attorney's fees. All four motions were fully briefed, and the Court heard oral argument on them in open court on June 13, 2014.
DISCUSSION
I. Handi-Foil's Post-Trial Motions
Handi-Foil requests the Court enter judgment as a matter of law in its favor on Count 3, or, in the alternative, order a new trial. Additionally, Handi-Foil argues that its affirmative defense of laches should bar Reynolds from obtaining any relief on Count 3.
a. Renewed Motion for Judgment As A Matter of Law Under Rule 50
Handi-Foil appropriately moved for judgment as a matter of law before the case was submitted to the jury. Handi-Foil now renews its motion for judgment as a matter of law pursuant to Fed. R. Civ. P. 50(b). Such a motion "should be granted if a district court determines, without weighing the evidence or considering the credibility of the witnesses, that substantial evidence does not support the jury's findings." Konkel v. Bob Evans Farms Inc., 165 F.3d 275, 279 (4th Cir. 1999) (citing White v. County of Newberry, 985 F.2d 168, 172 (4th Cir. 1993)). In considering Handi-Foil's Rule 50(b) motion, the Court views all the trial evidence in the light most favorable to Reynolds and draws all reasonable inferences in its favor. Id. (citing Austin v. Torrington Co., 810 F.2d 416, 420 (4th Cir. 1987)).
Handi-Foil first claims it is entitled to judgment as a matter of law due to the Supreme Court's recent opinion in Lexmark International, Inc. v. Static Control Components, Inc., 134 S.Ct. 1377 (2014). Handi-Foil asserts that under Lexmark Reynolds cannot prevail on its trade dress infringement claim because it did not produce "substantial evidence" of harm during trial. Putting aside the contention that Reynolds failed to demonstrate harm, Handi-Foil's argument fails because Lexmark is totally inapplicable to the issue of whether the jury's finding of trade dress infringement was appropriate.
In Lexmark, the Supreme Court "granted certiorari to decide the appropriate analytical framework for determining a party's standing to maintain an action for false advertising under the Lanham Act." 134 S. Ct. at 1385 (emphasis added) (internal citations omitted). A unanimous Supreme Court answered this question by holding that "[t]o invoke the Lanham Act's cause of action for false advertising, a plaintiff must plead (and ultimately prove) an injury to a commercial interest in sales or business reputation proximately caused by the defendant's misrepresentations." Id. at 1395 (emphasis added). Neither the Court nor Handi-Foil has ever questioned Reynolds' standing to bring its various Lanham Act claims. Moreover, the jury's false advertising verdict in Handi-Foil's favor is not being challenged. Consequently, Handi-Foil's attempt to broaden the ruling in Lexmark — which applies specifically to standing in false advertising claims — to the issue of whether Reynolds provided substantial evidence to support the jury's finding of trade dress infringement is entirely unavailing.
As an alternative basis for its Rule 50(b) motion, Handi-Foil asserts it was unreasonable for the jury to find that Handi-Foil's packages create a likelihood of confusion with Reynolds' trade dress. Under well-settled Fourth Circuit precedent, the Court instructed the jury that it should consider nine factors in determining whether there was a likelihood of confusion:
(1) The strength or distinctiveness of Reynolds' mark as actually used in marketplace; (2) The similarity of the two marks to consumers; (3) The similarity of the goods or services that the marks identify; (4) The similarity of the facilities used by the markholders; (5) The similarity of advertising used by the markholders; (6) The defendant's intent; (7) Actual confusion; (8) The quality of the defendant's product; and (9) The sophistication of the consuming public.
See Trial Tr. vol. 4, 1117-1118, Apr. 14, 2014 [hereinafter "Tr."]. See also Swatch AG v. Beehive Wholesale, LLC, 739 F.3d 150, 158-59 (4th Cir. 2014) (citing George & Co. v. Imagination Entm't Ltd., 575 F.3d 383, 393 (4th Cir. 2009)).
After reviewing the nine factors listed above, the Court instructed the jury that "[t]he weight to be given each of these factors is up to you to determine. No particular factor or number of factors is required to prove likelihood of confusion." See Tr. at 1118:2-4. This clarifying instruction is also firmly supported by Fourth Circuit law. See Swatch AG, 739 F.3d at 158-59 ("These nine factors serve as a guide rather than `a rigid formula for infringement'; they are not all of equal importance and not all factors are relevant in every case." (citing George & Co., 575 F.3d at 393)).
In Handi-Foil's view, the packages in question are indisputably dissimilar and there was no evidence of actual consumer confusion. In its memorandum in support of its motion for judgment as a matter of law, Handi-Foil states that "where the marks at issue are dissimilar and there is no evidence of actual confusion, extrinsic factors such as the strength of the plaintiff's mark and the similarity of the products, sales outlets, and advertising are insufficient to create a likelihood of confusion." See Dkt. No. 266 at 9. Handi-Foil maintains that this alleged absence of the second and seventh factors alone requires setting aside the jury's verdict.
In support of this far-reaching proposition, Handi-Foil first turns to Anheuser-Busch, Inc. v. L&L Wings, Inc., 962 F.2d 316, 320 (4th Cir. 1992). Rather than back this claim, Anheuser-Busch directly contradicts Handi-Foil's contention. There the Fourth Circuit reversed a grant of judgment as a matter of law and affirmed a jury verdict. In so doing the Fourth Circuit noted that the "pivotal" issue of likelihood of confusion is "particularly amendable to resolution by a jury." Anheuser-Busch, 962 F.2d at 318 ("Likelihood of confusion is `frequently a fairly disputed issue of fact on which reasonable minds may differ.'" (citing Warner Bros., Inc. v. American Broad Cos., 720 F.2d 231, 246 (2d Cir. 1983)). Additionally, the Anheuser-Busch court noted the likelihood of confusion factors are "not meant to be a `rigid formula' for infringement," but are merely a "catalog of various considerations that may be relevant in determining the ultimate statutory question of likelihood of confusion." Id. at 320 (internal citations omitted).
In its reply memorandum in support of its motion for judgment as a matter of law Handi-Foil backtracks slightly, stating that "[w]hile the Fourth Circuit considers nine factors to determine if the defendant's use creates a likelihood of confusion, it weighs two with particular importance — similarity of the marks and actual confusion." See Dkt. No. 285 at 12. Even then, however, Handi-Foil maintains that "[n]othing Reynolds cites . . . cures its failure to provide substantial evidence on those two factors." Id. To support this slightly less absolute focus on two factors alone, Handi-Foil turns to Swatch AG. In that case the Fourth Circuit did note that "absence of any evidence of actual confusion over a substantial period of time creates a strong inference that there is no likelihood of confusion." Swatch AG, 739 F.3d at 162 (citing CareFirst of Maryland, Inc. v. First Care, P.C., 434 F.3d 263, 268-69 (4th Cir. 2006)). As this citation itself suggests, actual confusion may be less important if the packages in question have not been on the market for a "substantial period of time." Moreover, in Swatch AG the Fourth Circuit continued to maintain that "the factors are weighed differently depending on the circumstances of the cases." Id.2
Stepping away from Handi-Foil's focus on actual confusion and turning instead to the likelihood of confusion test as accurately represented to the jury, it cannot be said that the verdict was unsupported by substantial evidence. While the parties' individual experts unsurprisingly reached opposing views as to actual confusion, Reynolds presented evidence supporting all of the other relevant likelihood of confusion factors. For example, Reynolds provided overwhelming evidence of the strength and distinctiveness of its trade dress,3 similarity of the two packages,4 similarity of the goods identified,5 similarity of the facilities used,6 similarity in advertising,7 and, perhaps most significantly, Handi-Foil's intent.8 Taken together, this evidence supported the jury's finding that certain Handi-Foil packages would likely cause confusion with the Reynolds Wrap trade dress.
b. Motion for New Trial Under Rule 59
In the alternative, Handi-Foil requests the Court order a new trial pursuant to Fed. R. Civ. P. 59. Under Rule 59 the Court may weigh the evidence and consider the credibility of witnesses, and set the verdict aside if it finds the verdict to be against the clear weight of evidence. See Poynter by Poynter v. Ratcliff, 874 F.2d 219, 223 (4th Cir. 1989). This inquiry differs from the Rule 50 inquiry above in that the Court may order a new trial even if the jury's verdict is supported by substantial evidence. Id.
Handi-Foil incorporates all of its arguments from its Rule 50(b) motion into its request for a new trial under Rule 59. Additionally, Handi-Foil argues the jury's verdict must be set aside because Reynolds' expert, Sarah Butler, was not credible. The Court addressed why most of these argument fail during its discussion of Handi-Foil's Rule 50(b) motion. As for the testimony of Sarah Butler, the Court were so compelled, Ms. Butler's testimony would only weigh against Reynolds on the actual confusion factor. As noted above, the evidence regarding the other relevant likelihood of confusion factors clearly weighed in Reynolds' favor.
c. Motion for New Trial Due to Inconsistent Verdict
Handi-Foil's final attempt to set aside the verdict rests on an argument that the jury's decision is inconsistent and cannot be reconciled. To show this inconsistency Handi-Foil points to the jury instructions, the Court's summary judgment order, and the relationship between trademark and trade dress rights. Before turning to these arguments, the Court first addressed Reynolds' argument that Handi-Foil has waived its right to a new trial because Handi-Foil failed to properly object to the verdict before the jury was dismissed.
i. Waiver
After the verdict was read, Handi-Foil's lawyer did not make a formal request for a new trial, he merely pointed out an alleged inconsistency in the jury's verdict to the Court. The Court then advised him to address the matter in post-trial briefing, which Handi-Foil had done. Rule 49(b) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure mandates that "[w]hen the answers are inconsistent with each other and one or more is also inconsistent with the general verdict, judgment must not be entered; instead, the court must direct the jury to further consider its answers and verdict, or must order a new trial." The Fourth Circuit has interpreted this rule as imposing "an obligation upon trial counsel to object to any asserted inconsistencies in the response to jury interrogatories prior to the discharge of the jury." See White v. Celotex Corp., 878 F.2d 144, 146 (4th Cir. 1989) (citing Fernandez v. Chardon, 681 F.2d 42, 58 (1st Cir. 1982); Merchant v. Ruhle, 740 F.2d 86, 89 (1st Cir. 1984)). A failure to "bring any purported inconsistencies in the jury's verdict to the attention of the court prior to release of the jury will constitute a waiver of a party's right to seek a new trial." Id.
Reynolds argues that Handi-Foil's actions constitute a waiver under the rule from White. This argument fails. Another Fourth Circuit case applying the rule in White is highly instructive. In Essex v. Prince George's County, the Fourth Circuit found no waiver in circumstances similar to those here. 17 Fed. App'x 107, 118, n. 4 (4th Cir. 2001). There, like here, an attorney notified the district court of a potential inconsistency in the jury's verdict but was instructed to address the issue in post-trial motions and the jury was then released. See Id. Relying in part on White, the Fourth Circuit noted the party claiming waiver had "cited no authority, and we can discover none, for the proposition that a party who timely objects to an inconsistent verdict but does not request the proper relief, waives his or her right to a new trial." Id. The Essex court went on to find that "[i]n any event, under the circumstances of this case, we conclude that [the party seeking to set aside the verdict] fairly preserved the issue of the inconsistency of the verdict." Id. As Essex demonstrates, Handi-Foil did not waive its right to a new trial under the rule in White.
ii. Legal Standard
Having decided that Handi-Foil did not waive its right to a new trial, the Court now turns to Handi-Foil's argument that the jury's verdict must be set aside because it is inconsistent. The standard for setting aside an allegedly inconsistent jury verdict is a high one. If there is a view of the jury's verdict which makes it consistent, it "must be resolved that way." See City of Richmond v. Madison Mgmt. Grp., Inc., 918 F.2d 438, 456 (4th Cir. 1990) (citing A. & G. Stevedores v. Ellerman Lines, Ltd., 369 U.S. 355, 364 (1962)). The Court is not to seek out a potential view of the case which makes the jury's finding inconsistent since such an approach "results in a collision with the Seventh Amendment." Id. Put differently, the Court is "required to determine whether the verdict can be sustained on any reasonable theory." See Vigilant Ins. Co. of New York v. McKenney's Inc., 524 F. App'x 909, 911-12 (4th Cir. 2013) (citing Atlas Food Sys. & Servs., Inc. v. Crane Nat'l Vendors, Inc., 99 F.3d 587, 599 (4th Cir. 1996)). Given these standards, the Court must decide if there is any reasonable theory that can reconcile the jury's finding in favor of Reynolds on Count 3 (trade dress infringement) with its findings in favor of Handi-Foil on Counts 1 (trademark infringement), 5 (state law trademark infringement), and 6 (common law unfair competition).
iii. Trademark vs. Trade Dress Infringement
The crux of Handi-Foil's inconsistency argument is that Reynolds' registered trademarks provide broader rights than the Reynolds Wrap common law trade dress. Under this theory, Reynolds' trade dress claim must be subsumed within its trademark claim, thus making it impossible for a jury to find trade dress infringement but not trademark infringement. Reynolds argues the opposite, stating that its trade dress rights are broader than those accompanying its registered marks. Clarifying this dispute is a necessary part of the Court's review. So too is an understanding of the specific facts of this case and how those facts were presented to the jury. The jury's verdict is reconcilable when all of these elements are first clarified individually and then reviewed together in the proper context.
The Lanham Act defines a "trademark" as "any word, name, symbol, or device, or any combination thereof. . . used by a person. . . to identify and distinguish the services of one person, including a unique service, from the services of others and to indicate the source of the services, even if that source is unknown." See 15 U.S.C. § 1127. See also Two Pesos, Inc. v. Taco Cabana, Inc., 505 U.S. 763, 768 (1992). A product's "trade dress," on the other hand, is "essentially its total image and overall appearance." See Two Pesos, 505 U.S. at 764 n. 1 (citations omitted). Trade dress thus deals with "the total image of a product and may include features such as size, shape, color or color combinations, texture, graphics, or even particular sales techniques." Id. See also 1 J. THOMAS McCARTHY ON TRADEMARKS AND UNFAIR COMPETITION § 8:1 (4th ed. 2014) [hereinafter "1 J. McCarthy"]. Both a company's registered trademarks and its common law trade dress are protected from infringement under the Lanham Act. See 15 U.S.C. §§ 1114, 1125. Trademark infringement "focuses on one aspect of a product's `image,' i.e., the trademark." See M. Kramer Mfg., 783 F.2d at 448 n. 25. Trade dress infringement differs in that it "focuses on `the total image of plaintiff's product, package, and advertising and compare[s] this with the defendant's image." Id. (citing 1 J. McCarthy at § 8:1).
The Court, appropriately in its view, instructed the jury on the differences between trademark and trade dress as follows:
A trademark is a word, symbol, or combination of words or symbols used by a person to identify his product, to distinguish his product from those manufactured or sold, even if that source is generally unknown.
. . .
The term "trade dress" refers to the total image and overall appearance of a product, product packaging, product label, product design, or a combination of these things. It includes features such as size, shape, color or color combinations, texture, graphics, or particular sales techniques.
See Tr. at 1110:23-1111:11.
Before addressing the issue of whether Reynolds' trade dress infringement claim is subsumed by its trademark infringement claim, or vice-versa, it is important to analyze how Reynolds chose to present these various rights.
Reynolds' trademark registrations are as follows:

Reg. Reg. Date Mark Image

                               Reynolds
1,070,888   August 9, 1977   Wrap Package     
                               Design

                              Reynolds
1,067,092  June 7, 1977      Wrap Package   
                             Design (with
                                name)

See Plf. Second Amend. Complaint, Dkt. No. 56 at ¶ 10. The drawing for Reynolds' Trademark No. 1,070,888 [hereinafter "the `888 mark"] is "lined to designate the colors blue (horizontal), silver (diagonal), and pink (vertical)." Id. The drawing for Reynolds' Trademark No. 1,067,092 [hereinafter "the '092 mark"] repeats the color scheme from the '888 mark and merely adds the words "Reynolds Wrap" on the drawing. Id. Combined, these two registered marks protect the Reynolds Wrap color scheme and brand name.
Additionally, in its operative complaint, Reynolds claimed to own "extensive common law trade dress rights in the overall look, feel and commercial impression of its Reynolds Wrap packaging design." Id. at ¶ 11. Reynolds identified at least twelve elements that make up this common law trade dress: (a) the color scheme; (b) the use of the color scheme; (c) the use of prominent lettering within the blue section; (d) the use of silver bands to separate the blue and pink sections; (e) the placement of the quantity information; (f) the inclusion of the "make in the U.S.A." lettering; (g) the repetition of the color scheme and type on the ends of the boxes; (h) the "press here to lock" feature at the ends of the boxes; (i) the use of graphics with how-to information; (j) the "Lift" graphic; (k) the positioning of the brand name on the top flap of the box; and (l) the color yellow, placement, and text used to caution the consumer. Id.
With Reynolds' own descriptions of its trademark and trade dress in mind, it is far easier to dissect the parties' competing claims over which provides broader rights, and more importantly, to analyze Handi-Foil's claim that there was no rational basis for the jury to find trade dress infringement but not trademark infringement.
The first point of confusion which can be quickly clarified stems from Professor McCarthy's comment that distinctions between trademarks and trade dress "have largely disappeared." See 1 J. McCarthy at § 8:1. Isolated on its own, this observation bolsters Handi-Foil's irreconcilability argument. In the very next sentence of his treatise, however, Professor McCarthy goes on to say "[t]oday, many types of designations protecatable as `trade dress' are also registerable as `trademarks.'" Id. This accurate description of the law only notes that what makes up a product's trade dress can hypothetically just as easily be registered as a trademark. Applied to the facts of this case, the following should therefore be obvious: although Reynolds could have likely obtained a registered trademark that is identical in all respects to its trade dress, it chose not to. Additionally, as Reynolds' own non-exhaustive listing of its trade dress elements demonstrates, the marks Reynolds has chosen to register are different than its unregistered trade dress. This is all to say that, in the context of this case, trademarks are not the same as trade dress. On its face, this premise does little to reconcile the parties' competing arguments about whether trademarks or trade dress provide broader rights. Again, the facts — which include the reality that Reynolds Wrap trade dress is different than the registered marks — are central.
Reynolds points to Two Pesos for the proposition that the Lanham Act's trade dress infringement provision "prohibits a broader range of practices" that it does for trademark infringement. The text pointed to in Two Pesos merely notes that "the general [Lanham Act] principles qualifying a mark for registration . . . are for the most part applicable in determining whether an unregistered mark is entitled to protection." 505 U.S. at 768. As Handi-Foil correctly notes, the entire quotation from Two Pesos — not to mention the issue actually addressed in that case — does little to support Reynolds' argument and is mostly irrelevant.
Professor McCarthy has advised that the irony of both patent claims and definitions of trade dress is that the more elements that are listed, the narrower and weaker the claim." See 1 J. McCarthy at § 8:3. To bolster its argument, Handi-Foil focuses on this statement and the fact that Reynolds' trade dress includes at least twelve elements while its registered marks contain significantly less. The Court does not doubt the accuracy of Professor McCarthy's observation. Unfortunately for Handi-Foil, this statement does not mandate the conclusion Handi-Foil suggests. Professor McCarthy only notes that trade dress with more elements will generally be weaker than trade dress with fewer elements. Even if this proposition was transferred to an argument that a trade dress with more elements is generally weaker than a trademark with fewer elements — a suggestion the Court offers no opinion on — such a theoretical deduction cannot be divorced from the facts of this case as presented to the jury.
For Reynolds trademark infringement claims (Counts 1 and 5), the jury was told that "Reynolds received two registrations for the trademarks depicting certain elements of the Reynolds Wrap package design." See Tr. at 1113:7-13. As Reynolds' registered marks show, those "certain elements" are only the color scheme and the words "Reynolds Wrap." As already described in greater detail above, the jury was also appropriately instructed that Reynolds' trade dress "refers to the total image and overall appearance of a product." Id. at 1111:6-7. The jury therefore had two inquiries to keep in mind when comparing the Reynolds and Handi-Foil boxes: (1) for the purposes of trademark infringement, are the Handi-Foil boxes likely to cause confusion with the "certain elements" making up Reynolds" registered marks; and (2) for the purposes of trade dress infringement, are the Handi-Foil boxes likely to cause confusion with "the total image and overall appearance" of the Reynolds Wrap boxes. The jury answered the first inquiry in the negative and the second in the affirmative. While this may not have been the most reasonable verdict, it was not an unreasonable one.
A picture is worth a thousand words. Moving away from the theoretical arguments above to the actual boxes presented at trial provides further context for the jury's verdict. Consider the two following sets of boxes:
Example No. 1
Reynolds Wrap Box:

Corresponding Allegedly-Infringing Handi-Foil Box:

Example No. 29
Reynolds Wrap Box:

Corresponding Allegedly-Infringing Handi-Foil Box:

The jury easily could have looked at the boxes and decided the difference between the words "hand-foil" and "Reynolds Wrap" on each box were enough to find no infringement between the Handi-Foil boxes and the `092 mark (which includes the words "Reynolds Wrap"). As for the `888 mark (which focuses on the color scheme), the jury could have also determined that the Handi-Foil boxes did not infringe on "certain elements" of Reynolds' trademark. For example, the jury could have noticed that each Reynolds box above has three curved silver lines, separting the blue from the pinkish areas in Example No. 1 and the yellow area in Example No. 2. The jury could easily have also noticed that on the Handi-Foil boxes the blue area is directly next to the pink and yellow areas. This would have been a reasonable theory, and there are surely others that would have been just as reasonable as well.
Turning to trade dress, the similarity between the overall impressions of the two boxes in each set is striking. This is case even if the boxes' color schemes are put aside. Take Example No. 2. In this set, the two boxes both say "non-stick" and "heavy duty." The Reynolds box says "foods lift right off!" and the Handi-Foil box say "Food Easily Lifts Off!" Both boxes place the (identical) square footage on the right end of the box, with the metric conversions typed neatly below. Additionally, the two-dimensional images above cannot capture the similarity of the boxes' side and end panels, all of which bear striking semablance. Add to these characteristics the "Made in USA" language on the right portion of the boxes in Example No. 1 — not to mention the other likelihood of confusion factors including the overwhelming evidence of Handi-Foil intent to mimic the Reynolds Wrap box — and the reasonableness of the jury's trade dress verdict becomes obvious. In fact, any other finding may well have been unreasonable.
iv. The Jury Instructions
Handi-Foil notes that, even if the trademark and trade dress rights are different, the jury was instructed to apply the same likelihood of confusion test to each. In Handi-Foil's view, this also renders the verdict irreconcilable. Handi-Foil correctly points out that the Court instructed the jury to use the same likelihood of confusion test for analyzing Counts 1, 2, 5, and 6 of Reynolds' complaint. Without repeating he extensive discussion above, the Court is confident that the jury applied the likelihood of confusion test in the context of two different inquiries: trademark and trade dress infringement. It was therefore rational for the jury to reach one finding on the likelihood of confusion test regarding Reynolds' discrete registered marks and an opposite finding on the same test regarding the overall trade dress of Reynolds Wrap.
It is perhaps more difficult to square the jury's finding of likelihood of confusion for trade dress with its finding that Handi-Foil is not guilty of common law unfair competition (Count 6). See, e.g., 1 J. McCarthy at § 8:1 ("If defendant's trade dress is likely to cause confusion with plaintiff's trade dress, then a finding of unfair competition is warranted."). This decision may be attributable to nothing more than the jury's misunderstanding of the instructions. Such misunderstandings do not require a new trial. See City of Richmond, 918 F.2d at 458 ("a jury verdict inconsistent on its face does not require a new trial if the inconsistency may reasonably be attributed to the jury's misunderstanding of the jury instructions." (citing Silverberg v. Paine, Webber, Jackson & Curtis, Inc., 710 F.2d 678, 685 n. 10 (11th Cir. 1983))).
The only instruction provided to the jury for Reynolds' unfair competition claim (Court 6) stated that "Virginia common law unfair competition claim requires the same proof, including likelihood of confusion, as the Lanham Act offenses." See Tr. at 1118:8-10. Reasonable jurors could look at this instruction and determine that a finding of non-infringement on any of the Lanham Act claims requires a finding in Handi-Foil's favor on the unfair competition count. Such a view is not necessarily irrational nor does it render the jury's careful deliberations inconsistent. City of Richmond, 918 F.2d at 462 n. 19 ("[A]s far as irreconcilability is concerned, our inquiry ends when, after viewing all surrounding circumstances, we conclude that the jury's verdict is `consistent.'").
v. The Court's Summary Judgment Memorandum Opinion
Finally, Handi-Foil claims that, if the jury's verdict can be reconciled, then it cannot be squared with the Court's February 27, 2014 Memorandum Opinion resolving the parties' cross-motinos for partial summary judgment. See Dkt. No. 164. In its summary judgment motion, Handi-Foil argued that Reynolds had abandoned its registered marks. This question forced the court to decide whether the Reynolds Wrap boxes used in commerce create the "same continuing commerical impression" as the `888 and `092 marks. Id. at 4 (applying the Fourth Circuit standard for abandonment set out in George & Co., 575 F.3d at 402). In deciding the abandonment issue, the Court held that, as a matter of law, the specimen Reynolds provided to the United States Patent and Trademark Office ("USPTO") created the same continuing commercial impression as its current box. Id. at 7. Handi-Foil relies on this language to show that the jury could not have rationally seen a substantive difference between Reynolds' trade dress and the registered marks. Alternatively, Handi-Foil requests the Court reverse its position and find that Reynolds has abandoned its marks.
This argument fails for a number of reasons. Paramount among them is that in its February Memorandum Opinion on abandonment the Court compared different items under a different standard than what the jury compared at the close of trial. In its decision the Court compared the Reynolds' 2007 USPTO specimen with the Reynolds Wrap box as currently sold under the standard for "tacking," which is a question of law. At the close of trial, the jury was asked to make an entirely factual determination by comparing a variety of Handi-Foil boxes to other Reynolds Wrap boxes as well as Reynolds's registered marks. Handi-Foil's reliance on the Court's February Memorandum Opinion is therefore misplaced.
d. Affirmative Defense of Laches
Having denied Handi-Foil's motion for judgment as a matter of law or a new trial, the Court turns to Handi-Foil's affirmative defense of estoppel by laches. For the doctrine to bar Reynolds from obtaining relief, Handi-Foil bears the burden of proving that: (1) Reynolds knew of Handi-Foil's infringing use, (2) Reynolds' delay in challenging the infringement was unreasonable, and (3) Handi-Foil has been unduly prejudiced by Reynolds' delay. See Sara Lee Corp. v. Kayer-Roth Corp., 81 F.3d 455, 461 n. 7 (4th Cir. 1996) (citing Brittingham v. Jenkins, 914 F.2d 447, 456 (4th Cir. 1990)); see also E.E.O.C. v. Navy Fed. Credit Union, 424 F.3d 397, 409 (4th Cir. 2005). Because the Court finds that Reynolds' delay was not unreasonable, Handi-Foil's laches defense fails.
Handi-Foil claims Reynolds failed to act reasonably by waiting ten months between allegedly gaining knowledge of the infringing Handi-Foil boxes and bringing suit. Several principles bear on the issue of whether this delay was unreasonable. First, and in this case determinatively, the Fourth Circuit has noted that "estoppel by laches may not be invoked to deny injunctive relief if it is apparent that the infringing use is likely to cause confusion." Sara Lee, 81 F.3d at 461 (citing 4 McCarthy at § 31.04[1]; Univ. of Pittsburgh v. Champion Prod., Inc., 686 F.2d 1040, 1044 (3d Cir. 1982)). See also Lyons P'ship, L.P. v. Morris Costumes, Inc., 243 F.3d 789, 799 (4th Cir. 2001) ("A prospective injunction is entered only on the basis of current, ongoing conduct that threatens future harm. Inherently, such conduct cannot be so remote in time as to justify the application of the doctrine of laches." (citations omitted)). Given the jury's finding of willful trade dress infringement, and the Court's granting of an injunction in Reynolds' favor in light of that finding, estoppel by laches is inappropriate. See Rothman v. Greyhound Corp., 175 F.2d 893, 895 (4th Cir. 1949) ("It is settled that mere delay in seeking relief is no bar to an injunction when the infringer has had knowledge of the fact that he is infringing and has deliberately set out to capitalize on the good will of the owner." (citing Menendez v. Holt, 128 U.S. 514, 523-24 (1888)).
In determining whether Reynolds' delay was unreasonable, the Court is also guided by the limitations period it would borrow from actions at law in Virginia. See, e.g., Lyons, 243 F.3d at 799 (citing Sara Lee, 81 F.3d at 461). In this case the analogous statute of limitations period is two years. See, e.g., Teaching Co. Ltd. P'Ship v. Unapix Entm't, Inc., 87 F.Supp.2d 567, 585 (E.D. Va. 2000) (citing Unlimited Screw Prods., Inc. v. Malm, 781 F.Supp. 1121, 1125 (E.D. Va. 1991)). That Reynolds' ten month delay fits comfortably within this two year statute of limitations is further evidence that the delay was reasonable.
The Court is also mindful of the dilemma sometimes faced by plaintiffs in Reynolds' position. If Reynolds had filed its claims earlier, it may have been even more difficult for it to prove damages or reputational harm. See Sara Lee Corp., 81 F.3d at 462 ("If [the trademark owner] rushes immediately into litigation, it may have little or no evidence of actual confusion and real commercial damage . . . and may even face a counterclaim for overly aggressive use of litigation." (citing 4 McCarthy § 31.06[2][c])). Therefore, Reynolds had "no obligation to sue until the likelihood of confusion loom[ed] large." See id.
II. Reynolds' Request for a Permanent Injunction
Given the jury's finding of willful trade dress infringement, Reynolds seeks a permanent injunction pursuant to Section 34 of the Lanham Act. This section vests the Court with the "power to grant injunctions, according to the principles of equity and upon such terms as the court may deem reasonable, to prevent a violation" of the Act's trade dress infringement provision. See 15 U.S.C. § 1116(a). Traditionally, such injunctive relief has been the "preferred remedy to insure [sic] that future violations will not occur." See Lone Star, 43 F.3d at 939 (citation omitted). The Supreme Court, however, has warned against any categorical grants, or denials, of such relief. See eBay Inc. v. MercExchange, L.L.C., 547 U.S. 388, 394 (2006). Instead, for the Court to grant an injunction, Reynolds must show that (1) it has suffered irreparable harm; (2) its remedies at law are inadequate; (3) the balance of the hardships favors Reynolds; and (4) the public interest would not be disserved by the injunction. See PBM Prods., LLM v. Mead Johnson & Co, 639 F.3d 111, 126 (4th Cir. 2011) (citing eBay, 547 U.S. at 391)). Reynolds has made this showing.
Prior to the Supreme Court's ruling in eBay, the Fourth Circuit held that "a finding of irreparable injury ordinarily follows when a likelihood of confusion or possible risk to reputation appears." See Lone Star, 43 F.3d at 938 (citations omitted). While under eBay a finding of irreparable harm on its own does not automatically trigger injunctive relief, this Court has continued to find that "irreparable harm is generally applied once the plaintiff has demonstrated a likelihood of confusion, the key element of an infringement case." See, e.g., Diamonds Direct USA, Inc. v. BFJ Holdings, Inc., 895 F.Supp.2d 752, 761 (E.D. Va. 2012) (citing Scotts v. United Indus. Corp., 315 F.3d 264, 273 (4th Cir. 2002) (citing Eli Lily & Co. Natural Answers, Inc., 233 F.3d 456, 469 (7th Cir. 2000); Genesee Brewing Co. v. Stroh Brewing Co., 124 F.3d 137, 142 (2d Cir. 1997))). See also Lorillard Tobacco Co. v. S & M Brands, Inc., 616 F.Supp.2d 581, 587 (E.D. Va. 2009) (also citing Scotts and Genesee Brewing).
Handi-Foil argues that Reynolds' failure to show actual harm in the form of actual consumer confusion or monetary damages is fatal to its request for an injunction. This argument misapplies the relevant standards. The jury found that Handi-Foil willfully infringed on Reynolds' trade dress rights. This verdict required the jury to find that Handi-Foil had created a likelihood of confusion. This likelihood of confusion "primarily represents an injury to reputation." See Lone Star, 43 F.3d at 939 (citing Commc's Satellite Corp. v. Comcet, Inc., 429 F.2d 1245, 1250 (4th Cir. 1970) (quoting Yale Elec. Corp. v. Robertson, 26 F.2d 972, 974 (2d Cir. 1928))). Consequently, infringement "gives rise to irreparable injury, in that plaintiff has lost control of its business reputation . . . and there is an inherent injury to the good will and reputation of the plaintiff." Id. The jury thus found that Reynolds suffered irreparable harm, and in this case that ongoing injury must be cured by way of an injunction.
Importantly, Handi-Foil does not claim that Reynold' remedies at law are adequate, nor could it. It is true the jury found Reynolds failed to prove that Handi-Foil earned profits from the infringing products. Reynolds provided evidence regarding potential lost market share, but also failed to substantially demonstrare any lost profits. Despite this, the jury's findings of likelihood of confusion demonstrates a palpable risk of continuing and future harm. This is the exact type of harm meant to be remedied by injunctive relief. See Teaching Co., 87 F. Supp. 2d at 587 ("denial of an injunction forces the plaintiff to suffer continued infringement and to bring successive suits. . . ") (citing Foxtrap, Inc. v. Foxtrap, Inc., 671 F.2d 636, 639-40 (D.C. Cir. 1982)).10
Handi-Foil argues that equitable balancing should also defeat Reynolds' request for injunctive relief. In support of this position Handi-Foil first incorporates its estoppel by laches argument. That argument is rejected for the reasons discussed above. Second, Handi-Foil asserts the doctrine of unclean hands. This equitable position also fails. Handi-Foil's defense of unclean hands is based on the allegation that representatives of Reynolds stole a Handi-Foil trade show box that was not being used in commerce. In order to avail itself of the unclean hands doctrine, Handi-Foil must demonstrate that it was injured by Reynolds' conduct. See Lawler v. Gilliam, 59 F.2d 1283, 1294 (4th Cir. 1978). Reynolds agreed to drop its claims related to this trade show box as soon as it was notified that the box was not used in commerce. Accordingly, without determining whether Reynolds did not fact act unfairly, it is clear Handi-Foil was not injured by any such activity.
Finally, the public interest would benefit from an injunction. Handi-Foil's specific intent to mimic the Reynolds Wrap trade dress was made evident at trial. It is therefore not surprising that the jury found Handi-Foil's trade dress infringement was willful. This finding also indicates the jury's belief that future consumers may be misled. An injunction would serve the public interest by mitigating this future risk. See Lone Star, 43 F.3d at 939 ("[A]an injunction in this case would serve the public interest by preventing future consumers from being misled." (citing AMP Inc., 540 F.2d at 1184-85; Commc'ns Satellite Corp., 429 F.2d at 1251)).
Having found that a permanent injunction is appropriate, for the purposes of this opinion the Court will refrain from immediately specifying the scope of such an injunction. The Court has invited the parties to meet in order to reach an agreement on the appropriate scope of this relief. If the parties fail to reach such an agreement within a reasonable timeframe, the Court will issue a subsequent order articulating the scope of the injunction.
III. Costs & Attorney's Fees
Each party has moved for costs pursuant to the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. Under Fed. R. Civ. P. 54(d)(1) costs "should be allowed to the prevailing party." As the rule makes clear, the decision to award costs lies within the Court's discretion. See Marx v. Gen. Revenue Corp., 131 S.Ct. 1166, 1172-73 (2013) ("the word `should' makes clear that the decision whether to award costs ultimately lies within the sound discretion of the district court. (citing Taniguchi v. Kan Pacific Saipan, Ltd., 132 S.Ct. 1997, 2001 (2012)). This discretion, however, can be displaced by federal statute. See Fed. R. Civ. P. 54(d)(1).
In their cross-motions for costs each party claims to be the "prevailing party" under Rule 54. The jury's verdict was split, and the parties unsurprisingly agree that neither had to succeed on every individual count in order to be the "prevailing party." The Fourth Circuit has defined a "prevailing party" as the "one who succeeds on any significant issue and thereby achieves some of the benefit he sought in commencing the litigating." See Abernathy v. Clarke, 857 F.2d 237, 239 (4th Cir. 1988) (citing Hensley v. Eckerhart, 461 U.S. 424, 433 (1983)). Under the jury's split decision, each party can claim to have succeeded on a significant issue in the case. But by obtaining a permanent injunction, only Reynolds achieved some of the benefit if sought in commencing the litigation. Any question as to which party "prevailed" can be laid to rest by Handi-Foil's exhaustive requests that the jury's verdict be set aside. Accordingly, the Court finds that Reynolds is the prevailing party and is entitled to its reasonable costs.11
In addition to its casts, Reynolds has moved to collect attorney's fees. 15 U.S.C. § 1117 allows the Court to award reasonable attorney fees to the prevailing party in "exceptional cases." The Supreme Court recently clarified what constitutes such as "exceptional case." See Octane Fitness, LLC v. ICON Health & Fitness, Inc., 134 S.Ct. 1749, 1756 (2014). Under this clarification, a case is exceptional when it "stands out from others with respect to the substantive strength of the party's litigating position . . . or the unreasonable manner in which the case was litigated." Id. Whether or not a case is deemed "exceptional" is a matter left to the Court's discretion. Id. In view of this standard, this case cannot be deemed "exceptional." Accordingly, the Court rejects Reynolds' requests for attorney's fees.
CONCLUSION
For the reasons set forth above, and for good cause shown, the clerk shall enter judgment in accordance with the jury's verdict in favor of Reynolds on Count 3 (trade dress infringement). The court also grants a permanent injunction in Reynold's favor, the scope of which will be determined at a future date. Reynolds shall be entitled to collect its reasonable costs, but no further damages or fees.


FootNotes 
1. The eight counts brought by Reynolds were: federal trademark infringement in violation of § 32 of the Lanham Act (Count I); federal false designation of origin in violation of § 43(a) of the Lanham Act (Count 2); federal trade dress infringement in violation of § 43(a) of the Lanham Act (Count 5); common law unfair competition (Count 6); unjust enrichment (Count 7); and federal false advertising and unfair competition (Count 8).

2. The Court is aware that in some cases actual confusion "provides the most compelling evidence of likelihood of confusion." See Lone Star Steakhouse & Saloon v. Alpha of Virginia, Inc., 43 F.3d 922 (4th Cir. 1995) (citing M. Kramer Mfg. Co., Inc. v. Andrews, 783 F.2d 421, 448 n.24 (4th Cir. 1986); AMP Inc. v. Foy, 540 F.2d 1181, 1186 n. 8 (4th Cir. 1976); HMH Publishing Co. v. Brincat, 504 F.2d 713, 719 (9th Cir. 1974)). Yet Handi-Foil's attempt to twist this standard such that the potential absence of actual confusion mandates a finding of non-infringement misreads precedent and is an exercise in faulty logic. Under Handi-Foil's view, in all cases likelihood of confusion would be determined merely by looking at actual confusion first and similarity second, thus eliminating seven or eight of the nine factors. The Court rejects Handi-Foil's invitation to take such a significant departure from Fourth Circuit law.

3. Reynolds submitted evidence showing multiple years in which Reynolds Wrap Aluminum Foil ranked at the top of EquiTrend's Overall Brand Equity benchmark, which measures the familiarity, quality, purchase intent, brand expectations, and distinctiveness of a number of well-known products. See Dkt. 283, Ex. 27-29; Plfs. Tr. Exs. 376 and 377.

4. Evidence supporting the similarities between the Handi-Foil and Reynolds Wrap packages is described in more detail below in the Court's discussion on Handi-Foil's Rule 59 motion.

5. Both packages are used to identify aluminium roll foil product.

6. Both products are sold at large consumer grocery stores.

7. While Handi-Foil does not advertise to individual aluminum roll foil consumers, almost the entirety of the marketing pitch for the Handi-Foil roll foil centered on the product being "comparable to Reynolds Wrap."

8. Reynolds produced emails between Handi-Foil and its package manufacturer where the parties articulated their specific intent to make the Handi-Foil aluminum roll foil box resemble Reynolds Wrap. See, e.g., Dkt. 283, Ex. 12; Plf. Tr. Ex. 120

9. Reynolds alleged that Handi-Foil had four infringing boxes, and the jury found that the four Handi-Foil boxes in question did infringe on Reynolds' trade dress rights (Count 3) but not on its trademark rights (Count 1). the Court's analysis of the two sets of boxes above can easily be expanded to cover all of the boxes considered by the jury.

10. Pointing to the jury's finding in its favor on Reynolds's false advertising claim, Handi-Foil also argues that Reynols has failed to show irreparable harm because the jury found that Handi-Foil roll foil is of the same quality as Reynolds wrap. This arguments is unavailing. Even assuming the jury's verdict on Count 8 demonstrates the jury's belief that Handi-Foil is "comparable" to Reynolds Wrap, this alone does not negate any reputational harm suffered by Reynolds due to Handi-Foil's infringement. Furthermore, the quality of goods is irrelevant to any infringement claim. See, e.g., Am. Petroleum Inst. v. Cooper, 718 F.3d 347, 359 (4th Cir. 2013) (citing Shell Oil Co. v. Commercial Petroleum, Inc., 928 F.2d 104, 107 (4th Cir. 1991)).

11. Given the jury's finding of willful trade dress infringement, section 1117(a) also allows Reynolds to recover any damages sustained as well as Handi-Foil's profits. The jury, however, found that Reynolds failed to prove Handi-Foil earned profits from the infringing products. Additionally, Reynolds failed to adequately prove it suffered monetary damages, Consequently, the Court limits Reynolds' recovery to the costs of the action.






Comment



Your Name



Your Email



Comments

1000 Characters Remaining




Leagle.com reserves the right to edit or remove comments but is under no obligation to do so, or to explain individual moderation decisions. 

User Comments









Reply | Flag as Offensive









Listed below are the cases that are cited in this Featured Case. Click the citation to see the full text of the cited case. Citations are also linked in the body of the Featured Case. 
Cited Cases 

No Cases Found





Listed below are those cases in which this Featured Case is cited. Click on the case name to see the full text of the citing case.
Citing Cases 












 







Copyright © 2017, Leagle, Inc.



Disclaimer
 Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
About Us
Contact Us
















Automotive Forms Catalog | Document Solutions | Reynolds and Reynolds






















Subscribe to Our Email


 










Reynolds
Solutions
Support
Careers
Dealer News
Company


































Dealership Management Systems

ERA
POWER
DMS Brand-Neutral Solutions





Document Services





Consulting and Training

Consulting Services
Training Options
ERA 'Net Training
POWER 'Net Training





Data Management




































Document Services
Sales Operations 

Commercial Print
Customer Care Cards
Customer Care Packages
Dealer Image
Greeting Cards
License Plate Inserts and Frames
Lot Décor
Promotional Products and Apparel
Sales Operations Catalog


F&I Management 

Buyers Guides
LAW® Deal Jacket Forms
LAW® Retail Installment Contracts
F&I Management Catalog


Business Office 

Check Security Features
Kodata Data Archiving
Letterhead / Envelope Combo
Toner Cartridges
Business Office Catalog


Fixed Operations 

ColorFile®
Direct Mail
Early Bird/Nite Owl
Laser Form / Label Combo
PromoTAG™
ReminderTRAX®
ScanTRAX CSI®
Service Maintenance Books
Slip-N-Grip
Static Cling Plus Label System
Fixed Operations Catalog

Service Operations
Parts Operations
Body Shop Operations




AppOne® and Bankers Systems®

AppOne®

AppOne Information
AppOne Dealer Portal
AppOne Document Preparation
AppOne Risk Mitigation Services
AppOne Support


Bankers Systems® Documents

Bankers Systems® Documents
Retail Installment Contracts



 
Product Catalog
ReySource®
Solutions A - Z


 






ReySource 
Log in to ReySource at its new home on my.reyrey.com

Don't have a ReySource login?
Click here to request one

















Document Services Catalog

















Document ServicesProduct Catalog 




                Browse the Reynolds Document Services Product Catalog by selecting your department below:

Sales Operations
F & I Management
Business Office
                Fixed Operations:
                
Service Operations
Parts Operations
Body Shop Operations
				
                Once you've found what you're looking for, you can print, save, or purchase your items in any of three ways:
                
Contact your Document Services Consultant.
Call 800.344.0996.
Login to ReySource* to order online.

				It's that simple.

				*Don't have a ReySource login? Click here to request one.
				




													Contact your Document Services Consultant directly, or call 800.344.0996.
													

































Copyright © 2017	The	Reynolds and Reynolds Company. All rights reserved.       Privacy Policy       Safe Harbor Policy       Legal Notices       Contact Us 























	EMPLOYER DRIVEN HEALTH PLAN Trademark of Reynolds, Mark. Serial Number: 78965931 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
EMPLOYER DRIVEN HEALTH PLAN










 
Get FREE email alerts













EMPLOYER DRIVEN HEALTH PLAN  Trademark Information
 Reynolds, Mark
Medical insurance administration




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
medical   insurance   administration    
                                    




This is a brand page for the EMPLOYER DRIVEN HEALTH PLAN trademark by Reynolds, Mark 
                                in Visalia, CA, 93291.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this EMPLOYER DRIVEN HEALTH PLAN trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Reynolds, Mark of the EMPLOYER DRIVEN HEALTH PLAN trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the EMPLOYER DRIVEN HEALTH PLAN trademark.
                           






On Friday, September 1, 2006,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        EMPLOYER DRIVEN HEALTH PLAN by 
                        Reynolds, Mark, Visalia, CA  93291.
                        The USPTO has given the EMPLOYER DRIVEN HEALTH PLAN 
                        trademark serial  number of  78965931.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is STATEMENT OF CONTINUED USE ACCEPTED.
                        The correspondent listed for EMPLOYER DRIVEN HEALTH PLAN is 
                        
                        
                                            Reynolds, Mark of 
                                            Baker, Manock & Jensen,  5260 North Palm Avenue, Suite 421, Fresno CA 93704 
                                .
                            The EMPLOYER DRIVEN HEALTH PLAN trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for EMPLOYER DRIVEN HEALTH PLAN 
                            is Medical insurance administration. 
                            





Word mark:
 EMPLOYER DRIVEN HEALTH PLAN


  Status/Status Date:  


STATEMENT OF CONTINUED USE ACCEPTED

6/12/2013



  Serial Number:  
78965931


  Filing Date:  
9/1/2006


 Registration Number:  
3433647 


 Registration Date:  
5/20/2008


 Goods and Services: 
Medical insurance administration


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
N/A


Last Applicant/Owner:

Reynolds, MarkVisalia, CA  93291
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Supplemental


 Disclaimer:
 ("HEALTH PLAN")


 Correspondent:


Reynolds, Mark
Baker, Manock & Jensen
5260 North Palm Avenue, Suite 421
Fresno CA 93704






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
8/1/2006


First Use In Commerce: 
8/1/2006





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your EMPLOYER DRIVEN HEALTH PLAN trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

6/12/2013
STATEMENT OF CONTINUED USE ACCEPTED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Reynolds, Mark


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of EMPLOYER DRIVEN HEALTH PLAN trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search employerdrivenhealth on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for EMPLOYER DRIVEN HEALTH PLAN 




EMPLOYER DRIVEN HEALTH PLAN is providing Medical insurance administration.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 

















































Choose Location
In order to serve you better, please select your location.  We have separate careers portals for the United States and Canada.



United States



Canada EnglishCanada Francais




 

 






Contact
 
 





Contact Us
Thank you for contacting Reynolds Consumer Products. For product information, please check our Hefty.com or ReynoldsKitchens.com websites.
 



Fields marked with an asterik (*) are mandatory.

 
 






                                                        Inquiry Type                                                             *




Generic

 









                                                        First Name                                                             *



 



                                                        Street Address                                                             *



 



                                                        State/Province                                                             *




Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Northwest Territories
Nova Scotia
Nunavut
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan
Yukon
Other

 



                                                        Country                                                             *



 



                                                        Fax                                                     


 



                                                        Company Name                                                     


 





                                                        Last Name                                                             *



 



                                                        City                                                             *



 



                                                        Zip                                                     


 



                                                        Phone                                                             *



 



                                                        Email                                                             *



 









                                                        Message                                                             *



 



                                                        Please do not share my information with third parties for marketing purposes                                                     


 













 








 




Reynolds Consumer Products
1900 W. Field Court Lake Forest, Illinois 60045

Consumer Inquiries
1 (800) 433-2244

Media Inquiries
1 (847) 482-4081

Headquarters
1 (800) 879-50671 (847) 482-3500


How to submit a product idea
Do you have an idea, work of authorship, improvement, device, machine, process or product that you think would interest Reynolds Consumer Products? Please read the FAQs and use the submission and disclosure form below:
New Idea Submission FAQ New Idea Submission Form / Disclosure

 
Coupons and Samples
We encourage customers to contact us in order to help us understand if our products are meeting your needs. However, we do not mail coupons or samples on request. We frequently offer coupons in supplements enclosed in your Sunday newspaper (U.S. only). We offer printable coupons online at: www.ReynoldsKitchens.com/Coupons and www.Hefty.com/Coupons (print limits apply, U.S. only).
To get notification of new online coupons, sign up for the Reynolds Kitchens e-newsletter at www.ReynoldsKitchens.com.
Social Media
Follow us on LinkedIn Linkedin
Follow us on Glassdoor Glassdoor
Follow our brands on Social Media for recipes, tips, and usage ideas!
Reynolds

Facebook
Instagram
Pinterest


Hefty

Facebook


ALCAN

Facebook
Instagram


 
 

 



 




Mark R. Hughes, 44; Founded Nutrition Supplement Concern - The New York Times
















































































































NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.
LEARN MORE »









Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
View mobile version




The New York Times





Business Day|Mark R. Hughes, 44; Founded Nutrition Supplement Concern







Search

Subscribe Now
Log In
0
Settings




Close search












Advertisement








Supported by



Business Day

Mark R. Hughes, 44; Founded Nutrition Supplement Concern

By ERIC V. COPAGEMAY 23, 2000



Continue reading the main story
Share This Page

Continue reading the main story









Mark Reynolds Hughes, the multimillionaire founder of Herbalife International, a nutritional supplement company that has been controversial for both its products and sales methods, died last weekend in his home in Malibu, Calif. He was 44.His death appeared to be from natural causes, a spokesman for Herbalife said. An autopsy is to be completed later this week.Mr. Hughes's body was found by relatives in the bedroom of his beach-front house on the Pacific Coast Highway about 11 a.m. on Sunday. He is believed to have died late on Saturday or early Sunday.Mr. Hughes was born in Los Angeles and had only a ninth-grade education. According to the Herbalife Web site, he became interested in nutrition at 18, when his mother, JoAnn Hughes, died from an accidental overdose of prescription diet pills.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

In 1976 he began selling Slender Now, a weight-loss product made by Seyforth Laboratories. The company sold its product using direct sales, in which an independent sales representative buys the product at a discount then sells it to the public. Each distributor gets a royalty from the sales of every additional distributor he brings in. It is a method Mr. Hughes would use to market and distribute Herbalife. Continue reading the main story







Advertisement

Continue reading the main story





After three years, Seyforth failed, and Mr. Hughes, one of its top sales representatives, began selling exercise equipment and weight-loss products for another company before teaming with Richard Marconi, a former colleague at Slender Now, to start Herbalife in 1980.Mr. Hughes started selling Herbalife -- based on ''natural and herbal ingredients'' -- from his car. In five years he was a millionaire.In 1985, he paid $7 million for a house owned by the country singer and actor Kenny Rogers.His infomercials, featuring revival-style testimonials from people who had used Herbalife products, were shown on cable TV, and he promoted his products on those same programs with a fierce, evangelical fervor.
Newsletter Sign Up
Continue reading the main story

  


Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box.
Invalid email address. Please re-enter.
You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.



Sign Up







You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.





Thank you for subscribing.
An error has occurred. Please try again later.
You are already subscribed to this email.
View all New York Times newsletters.


See Sample
Manage Email Preferences
Not you?
Privacy Policy
Opt out or contact us anytime




In 1986, he took Herbalife public.Members of his sales force, at the time estimated to be more than 700,000 in the United States, Canada, Australia and Britain, were known to wear badges saying ''Lose weight now/Ask me how!''But in the wake of the success came controversy. Federal and California health agencies accused the company of violating labeling standards and using improper sales practices. According to The Associated Press, regulators contended that the company was making medicinal claims. Medicines are regulated by the F.D.A., while nutritional supplements are not.Some health experts doubted the efficacy of Herbalife products, saying that in some instances they relied too heavily on laxatives and caffeine.In 1986, Herbalife, while admitting no wrongdoing, settled with California by paying $850,000 in fines and agreeing to take some products off the market. At the time, the California attorney general, John Van De Kamp, was quoted in The Wall Street Journal as saying it was the ''largest settlement ever attained from a health products company.''In February 1999, Mr. Hughes announced plans to buy the outstanding stock of his company but abandoned those plans last month because of trouble obtaining financing.The company reported 1999 retail  sales of $1.79 billion, in 46 countries, and a worldwide sales force of more than a million people.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

Mr. Hughes is survived by his third wife, the former Darcy LaPier; his father, Jack Reynolds; his grandmother, Hazel Hughes; three half-brothers, Kirk Hartmen, Jon Hughes and Don Hughes; and a son, Alexander Hughes. Continue reading the main story






We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.

















What's Next


Loading...









Go to Home Page »

Site Index

The New York Times



























Mark Reynolds (baseball) - Wikipedia






















 






Mark Reynolds (baseball)

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people named Mark Reynolds, see Mark Reynolds (disambiguation).


Mark Reynolds



Reynolds with the Colorado Rockies in 2016



Colorado Rockies – No. 12


Third baseman / First baseman


Born: (1983-08-03) August 3, 1983 (age 33)
Pikeville, Kentucky





Bats: Right
Throws: Right





MLB debut


May 16, 2007, for the Arizona Diamondbacks


MLB statistics
(through July 18, 2017)


Batting average
.238


Hits
1,163


Home runs
271


Runs batted in
780





Teams




Arizona Diamondbacks (2007–2010)
Baltimore Orioles (2011–2012)
Cleveland Indians (2013)
New York Yankees (2013)
Milwaukee Brewers (2014)
St. Louis Cardinals (2015)
Colorado Rockies (2016–present)




Mark Andrew Reynolds (born August 3, 1983) is an American professional baseball first baseman for the Colorado Rockies of Major League Baseball (MLB). He has also played in MLB for the Arizona Diamondbacks, Baltimore Orioles, Cleveland Indians, New York Yankees, Milwaukee Brewers, and St. Louis Cardinals. A right-hander both when batting and throwing, Reynolds has gained attention for his frequent and long home runs, high strikeout totals, and defensive versatility, having been primarily a third baseman before transitioning to first base while playing for the Orioles.
The Diamondbacks drafted Reynolds in the 16th round of the 2004 MLB draft from the Cavaliers of the University of Virginia, where he played mainly shortstop. In the minor leagues, he played second base, third base, shortstop, and left field. He broke out in 2006 with Lancaster and Tennessee, batting .318 with 31 home runs (HR) and 98 runs batted in (RBI) in 106 games. With the Diamondbacks in 2009, he established career highs in HR (44), RBI (102), stolen bases (24) and runs scored (98).
Known for his extreme statistical output, Reynolds displays prodigious power-hitting, record-breaking strikeout totals and high error totals. Between 2009–11, he finished with top ten home run totals and at bats per home run rates. In 2009, he set the all-time record for most strikeouts among batters in a season. He also holds two other of the ten highest single-season strikeout totals (211 and 204), and led the league in strikeouts in four consecutive seasons.



Contents


1 Playing career

1.1 Amateur baseball
1.2 Arizona Diamondbacks

1.2.1 2007 season
1.2.2 2008 season
1.2.3 2009 season
1.2.4 2010 season


1.3 Baltimore Orioles

1.3.1 2011 season
1.3.2 2012 season


1.4 Cleveland Indians
1.5 New York Yankees
1.6 Milwaukee Brewers
1.7 St. Louis Cardinals
1.8 Colorado Rockies


2 See also
3 References
4 External links



Playing career[edit]
Amateur baseball[edit]
Born in Pikeville, Kentucky, on August 3, 1983, Reynolds later moved with his family to Virginia Beach, Virginia. In 1994 he played for the Virginia Blasters Amateur Athletic Union (AAU) baseball program, where one of his teammates was B. J. Upton. Both would eventually join B. J.'s younger brother Justin, David Wright and Ryan Zimmerman on a Hampton Roads-based autumn showcase team called the Mets in 2000. The five players, who were all shortstops at the time, rotated among the three positions on the left side and middle of the infield.[1] While with the Mets, Reynolds was nicknamed "Skeletor" due to his lanky build and "Forrest Gump" because of his awkward running style.[2]
Reynolds was a four-year letterman in baseball, basketball and golf at First Colonial High School, where he graduated in 2001.[3]
In his three years at the University of Virginia, he was the starting shortstop on the Cavaliers baseball team. During his sophomore and junior campaigns, he played alongside Zimmerman, who had been shifted to third base.[2] Reynolds led the team in home runs (15) in 2002, runs batted in (46) in 2003 and triples (5) in 2004.[4] His 60 runs scored in 2004 matched a school record which has since been broken.[5] His 35 career home runs at Virginia is tied for second all-time in Cavaliers history.[6] Through August 2011, he was one of 29 former UVA players to have made it to the major leagues, along with former Cavaliers Michael Schwimer, Javier López, and Zimmerman.[7]
Reynolds was selected by the Arizona Diamondbacks in the 16th round (476th overall) of the 2004 Major League Baseball draft.[8]
Arizona Diamondbacks[edit]




Reynolds batting for the South Bend Silver Hawks, Single-A affiliates of Arizona Diamondbacks, in 2005


2007 season[edit]
Reynolds made his major league debut on May 16, 2007, against the Colorado Rockies. He had been called up from Double-A Mobile when Chad Tracy was placed on the disabled list.[9] Reynolds made an instant impact with the Diamondbacks, driving in 14 runs in his first 15 MLB games.
Reynolds was the latest of a number of players from the Tidewater region of Virginia to make it to the major leagues in recent years, a list that includes David Wright, Ryan Zimmerman, B.J. Upton, Justin Upton, and Michael Cuddyer.
Reynolds ended the season 3rd among NL rookies in strikeouts (129), 4th in runs (62), tied for 4th in triples (4), and tied for 6th in home runs (17). He also drove in 62 runs and had a .279 batting average.
On October 3, 2007, when Arizona faced the Chicago Cubs in the first game of the 2007 NLDS, Reynolds' seventh-inning home run off of Cubs reliever Carlos Mármol led the Diamondbacks to a 3–1 victory and winning the division series in just 3 games. Reynolds also hit a home run in Game 3 of the 2007 NLCS against the Colorado Rockies. The Diamondbacks would eventually lose the series to the Rockies in just 4 games.
2008 season[edit]
On September 25, he set a major league record by striking out for the 200th time in one season when he failed to check his swing against St. Louis Cardinals pitcher Joel Piñeiro. He broke the record of 199 set in 2007 by Philadelphia Phillies first baseman Ryan Howard. Reynolds ultimately finished the season striking out 204 times.[10] He also led the majors in strikeout percentage, with 33.3%.[11]
Reynolds made the most errors (34) and had the lowest fielding percentage (.904) of all major league third basemen.[12]
He did have a good offensive year, leading the Diamondbacks in home runs (28) and RBIs (97) to go along with 11 stolen bases and 87 runs scored. His batting average saw a significant dip from his rookie campaign, however, ending with a .239 clip.[13]
2009 season[edit]
In 2009. Reynolds was named one of the five finalists for the National League Final Vote for the All-Star Game, finishing third behind Shane Victorino and Pablo Sandoval.[14]
On July 28, Reynolds hit a two-run home run off of Philadelphia Phillies closer Brad Lidge landing at 481 feet, making it the longest home run of the 2009 season, and the second longest home run in the history of Chase Field. He quickly became recognized for hitting towering home runs (25 of his 44 home runs being over 400 feet), averaging his home runs at 430 feet (longest in baseball).[15]
In the Diamondbacks' four game series against the Mets on July 29 – August 3, Reynolds managed to hit the longest home run in the short history of Citi Field, at 461 feet, as well as capped off the series finale with home runs in consecutive innings (first and second).[16] His four home runs at Citi Field rank second all-time in home runs hit at the park by a visiting player.[17]




Reynolds playing for the Arizona Diamondbacks in 2010


On August 10, 2009, Reynolds was named the NL Player of the Week for the week ending August 9, beating out teammate Ryan Roberts (who finished second) in voting for the honor. Reynolds finished the week hitting .448 with 6 home runs, 32 total bases, 10 RBIs, 1 stolen base, a .515 on-base percentage, and a slugging percentage of 1.103. This has been Reynolds's second NL Player of the Week award (the other being earlier this season for the week ending June 14).[18] As tradition with the Player of the Week award, Reynolds has received two wrist watches (one for each week), one of which he gave to his father, and the other of which he gave to his grandfather.
Reynolds played at first base for 26 games, where he has a .974 fielding percentage, the second-highest in the league of players with 125 or more innings at first base, and an 8.21 range factor, the best in the league. Reynolds helped improve his defensive skills by working with former Diamondbacks third baseman Matt Williams, during Spring training; work that has raised his fielding percentage by over 50 points from the previous season.[19] He has also made headlines for several notable catches including July 21 in Colorado,[20] July 24 in Arizona,[21] and August 1 in New York.[22]
He broke his own one-year-old major league record for strikeouts in a season in 2009 with 223. He also hit .260 (batting average), hit 44 home runs, had 102 RBI, and scored 98 runs,[23] along with 24 stolen bases.
He led the major leagues in the Three True Outcomes (the total of the three main outcomes not involving defense) with 343.
2010 season[edit]
After signing a three-year, $14.5 million contract extension on March 18, 2010,[2][24] Reynolds began the season with two home runs in the first four games of the season. On May 20, Reynolds hit his 100th career home run off of the Giants' Tim Lincecum. Though he finished the season with 32 home runs, the sixth highest total in the National League, along with 85 RBIs and a career high 83 walks in 145 games, Reynolds again led the league in strikeouts with 211 and, having reached the mark three times, remained the only player in major league history to have at least 200 strikeouts in a season. Most notably, his .198 batting average established him as the first full-time position player in Major League history to finish the season with a lower batting average (x 1000) than strikeout total.[25]
Baltimore Orioles[edit]
Reynolds and a player to be named later (John Hester on April 30, 2011) were traded to the Baltimore Orioles for David Hernandez and Kam Mickolio on December 6, 2010.[26][27] From the Diamondbacks' standpoint, the transaction, which was executed by new general manager Kevin Towers, was to improve the bullpen and reduce the record-breaking strikeout total by the team's batters (1,529 in 2010).[28][29] The Orioles, on the other hand, needed a starting third baseman and a power hitter.[30]
2011 season[edit]




Reynolds during his tenure with the Baltimore Orioles in 2011


In 2011, Reynolds led all major leaguers in errors, with 31, as his .897 fielding percentage was the lowest of all major league third basemen, and led the American League in strikeouts, with 196.[31][32][33] He batted .221, and was fourth in the league in home runs, with 37.[32]
On August 7, facing Ricky Romero of the Toronto Blue Jays, Reynolds became the first player in the history of Oriole Park at Camden Yards (which was 19 years old at the time) to hit a home run into the 2nd Deck (Club Level) in Left Field. ESPN's Home Run Tracker measured the "True Distance" of the blast at 463 feet.[34]
2012 season[edit]
Reynolds was homerless until May 4 when he hit a home run against the Boston Red Sox. On the next day, May 5, he hit a three-run home run, his second of 2012. On May 29, he became the fastest position player to reach 1000 strikeouts in Major League history, having done so in only 747 career games.
Reynolds started off the 2012 season at third base, but was moved over to play first base, (moving first baseman Chris Davis to third) early on in the season, where he excelled. He has played in 108 games at first base in 2012, committing only 5 errors, and had a fielding percentage of .995, which was tied for 4th best fielding percentage by first basemen in the Major Leagues.
On August 17, during a game between the Orioles and the Detroit Tigers, third baseman Manny Machado fielded a ground ball off the bat of Jhonny Peralta. Machado threw off line to Reynolds, who had to lay all the way out to catch the ball, and was unable to keep his foot on the bag long enough to record the out. Peralta and Tigers manager Jim Leyland argued to first base umpire Jeff Kellogg, who conferred with home plate umpire Tim Timmons. Kellogg's call was reversed, giving Peralta first base. Reynolds angrily threw his glove to the ground, causing him to be ejected by second base umpire Vic Carapazza. Orioles manager Buck Showalter angrily argued that Reynolds could not be ejected for throwing his glove, but he too was tossed, by third base umpire Marty Foster. Reynolds initially walked back onto the field, as if the umpires reversed the ejection call, only to return to the dugout moments later.
On September 6, Reynolds hit 2 home runs against the New York Yankees in an Oriole 10–6 win. It was only the second time since 1918, that a player had three multi-homer games against the Yankees in a single season,[35] and it was Reynolds eighth home run in 6 games.
On October 31, 2012, the Orioles declined Reynolds's 2013 option. He was non-tendered on November 30, making him a free agent for the first time.
A tongue-in-cheek article from Baseball Prospectus suggested that Reynolds is blind.[36]




Reynolds with the Cleveland Indians in 2013


Cleveland Indians[edit]
On December 9, 2012, Reynolds agreed to a one-year contract with the Cleveland Indians.[37] On April 13, in a game against the Chicago White Sox, he hit his second career grand slam off of Chris Sale. He had eight home runs with a batting average of .301 in the month of April. However, he batted only .187 from May and there on. The Indians designated Reynolds for assignment on August 8.[38] When he was designated for assignment, he was leading the team with 15 home runs. He was then released by the team four days later.
New York Yankees[edit]
On August 15, 2013, Reynolds agreed to a deal with the New York Yankees.[39][40] In his first at-bat as a member of the Yankees, he hit a home run against the Boston Red Sox.[41] On August 28, Reynolds started at second base for the first time in his career while Robinson Canó and Eduardo Núñez were stricken with injuries.[42]
Milwaukee Brewers[edit]
On January 17, 2014, Reynolds signed a minor league contract with the Milwaukee Brewers, with an invitation to big league camp. Reynolds would make $2 million, with an additional $500,000 in possible bonuses, if he made the big league team.[43] On March 25, 2014, the Brewers announced that Reynolds had made the Opening Day roster.
St. Louis Cardinals[edit]
On December 11, 2014, Reynolds signed with the St. Louis Cardinals on a one-year, $2 million contract that included playing times incentives.[44] After five consecutive seasons with at least 21 home runs but batting averages that hovered between .196 and .221, he agreed to take a role as bench player to back up Matt Adams at first base and Matt Carpenter at third base.[45] Reynolds hit his fourth career grand slam on May 4 against the Cubs, aiding the Cardinals to a 10–9 win.[46] The next game, Reynolds's pinch-hit double drove in the go-ahead runs as the Cardinals defeated the Cubs, 7–4.[47] He drove in the go-ahead run with a bases-loaded infield single on June 23 against the Miami Marlins in a 4–3 win.[48]
As a member of the Cardinals, Reynolds's first multiple home run game came against the Pittsburgh Pirates in a 6−5 extra innings loss on July 12. It was his 22nd career multi-HR game.[49]
Colorado Rockies[edit]
Reynolds and the Colorado Rockies agreed to a one-year, $2.6 million contract on December 16, 2015, including up to an additional $1.1 million in performance bonuses.[50] He appeared in 118 games in the 2016 season, and hit .282 with 14 home runs and 53 RBI.[51] Reynolds signed a minor league contract with the Rockies on February 1, 2017. The contract includes an invitation to spring training.[52]
Due to an injury to Ian Desmond, Reynolds became the Rockies' Opening Day first baseman for 2017. On April 3, 2017, Reynolds went 2-for-3, hitting a two-run home run in the top the second, logging two runs, three RBI, and a walk on Opening Day against the Brewers.[53] On May 9, 2017, in a 10−4 victory versus the Cubs, he tied his personal best by homering in his fourth consecutive game, first achieved August 6−9, 2009.[54]
See also[edit]


Biography portal
Baseball portal



List of Major League Baseball career home run leaders


References[edit]


^ Lee Jenkins (September 29, 2008). "Virginia's Boy Wonders". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved December 10, 2012. 
^ a b c "Connolly, Dan. "For Orioles' Reynolds, a fresh start"". The Baltimore Sun. March 27, 2011. Retrieved December 10, 2012. 
^ "Mark Reynolds (baseball player biography) – University of Virginia Athletics". Virginiasports.cstv.com. August 3, 1983. Retrieved December 10, 2012. 
^ "Annual Batting Leaders". University of Virginia. Archived from the original on March 27, 2012. Retrieved September 8, 2013. 
^ "Single Season Batting Records". University of Virginia. Archived from the original on March 27, 2012. Retrieved September 8, 2013. 
^ "Career Batting Leaders". University of Virginia. Archived from the original on March 27, 2012. Retrieved September 8, 2013. 
^ "Schwimer Makes It To The Majors". Nbc29.com. August 17, 2011. Retrieved August 22, 2011. 
^ "2004 Major League Baseball First-Year Player Draft Pick Transactions, Rounds 11–20 – Pro Sports Transactions". Prosportstransactions.com. January 10, 2004. Retrieved December 10, 2012. 
^ Gilbert, Steve (May 16, 2007). "Notes: Reynolds makes first ML start". MLB.com. Retrieved January 7, 2010. 
^ Gilbert, Steve (September 25, 2008). "Reynolds breaks strikeout record". MLB.com. Retrieved March 18, 2009. 
^ "2008 Major League Baseball Batting Ratios". Baseball-Reference.com. Retrieved December 10, 2012. 
^ "MLB Player Fielding Stats – As 3b – 2008". ESPN. Retrieved January 7, 2010. 
^ "Mark Reynolds Stats, Video Highlights, Photos, Bio". Arizona Diamondbacks. MLB. Retrieved December 10, 2012. 
^ Newman, Mark (July 9, 2009). "'Bran-Torino' takes a ride to All-Star Game". MLB. Retrieved January 7, 2010. 
^ "Trade Target: Mark Reynolds". Rotoprofessor. July 7, 2009. Retrieved December 10, 2012. 
^ "Spacious Citi no match for Reynolds". MLB. Retrieved December 10, 2012. 
^ "Spacious Citi no match for Reynolds". Arizona Diamondbacks. MLB. Retrieved December 10, 2012. 
^ "Reynolds named NL Player of the Week". Arizona Diamondbacks. MLB. Retrieved December 10, 2012. 
^ "Mark Reynolds Stats, Video Highlights, Photos, Bio". Arizona Diamondbacks. MLB. Retrieved December 10, 2012. 
^ "Baseball Video Highlights & Clips | ARI@COL: Reynolds runs into the stands for the catch". Arizona Diamondbacks. MLB. Retrieved December 10, 2012. 
^ "Baseball Video Highlights & Clips | PIT@ARI: Reynolds falls into the stands for the out – Video". Arizona Diamondbacks. MLB. Retrieved December 10, 2012. 
^ "Baseball Video Highlights & Clips | ARI@NYM: Reynolds dives on the tarp for a big out – Video". Arizona Diamondbacks. MLB. Retrieved December 10, 2012. 
^ "MLB Player Batting Stats – 2009". ESPN. Retrieved December 10, 2012. 
^ "Reynolds signs multiyear contract with D-backs". Arizona Diamondbacks (Press release). MLB. March 18, 2010. Retrieved December 10, 2012. 
^ 'Duk (October 1, 2010). "More K than BA: Mark Reynolds in position to start exclusive club". Yahoo! Sports. Retrieved December 10, 2012. 
^ "Orioles acquire 3B Mark Reynolds from Arizona Diamondbacks". Baltimore Orioles (Press release). MLB. December 6, 2010. Retrieved December 10, 2012. 
^ "Orioles receive CA John Hester from Arizona". Baltimore Orioles (Press release). MLB. April 30, 2011. Retrieved December 10, 2012. 
^ Gilbert, Steve (December 6, 2010). "D-backs deal Reynolds for bullpen help". Arizona Diamondbacks. MLB. Retrieved December 10, 2012. 
^ "2010 Arizona Diamondbacks (batting, pitching & fielding statistics)". Baseball-Reference.com. Retrieved December 10, 2012. 
^ Ghiroli, Brittany (December 6, 2010). "Orioles thrilled to add Reynolds' bat to lineup". Baltimore Orioles. MLB. Retrieved December 10, 2012. 
^ "2011 Major League Baseball Fielding Leaders". Baseball-Reference.com. Retrieved December 10, 2012. 
^ a b "Mark Reynolds Statistics and History". Baseball-Reference.com. Retrieved December 10, 2012. 
^ "2012 Regular Season MLB Baseball 3B Fielding Statistics – Major League Baseball". ESPN. Retrieved December 10, 2012. 
^ "2011 ESPN Home Run Tracker". Retrieved June 7, 2017. 
^ ALDS – GAME 5 Game 5Fri, Oct 12 (May 16, 2007). "Mark Reynolds Stats, News, Pictures, Bio, Videos – Baltimore Orioles". ESPN. Retrieved December 10, 2012. 
^ http://www.baseballprospectus.com/article.php?articleid=19409
^ Ghiroli, Brittany; Bastain, Jordan (December 9, 2012). "Reynolds agrees to one-year deal with Indians". MLB.com. Retrieved December 9, 2012. 
^ "Indians designate slugger Mark Reynolds". USA Today. Associated Press. August 8, 2013. Retrieved August 17, 2013. 
^ Heyman, John. "Yankees land power bat with addition of Mark Reynolds". Cbssports.com. Retrieved August 17, 2013. 
^ "Slugger Mark Reynolds reaches deal with Yankees". MLB.com. August 15, 2013. Retrieved August 17, 2013. 
^ Feinsand, Mark; Rubin, Roger (August 17, 2013). "Mark Reynolds homers in Yankees debut against Red Sox". New York Daily News. Retrieved September 8, 2013. 
^ http://hardballtalk.nbcsports.com/2013/08/28/mark-reynolds-is-the-yankees-starting-second-baseman-tonight/
^ "Mark Reynolds free agency: Brewers sign corner infielder to minor league deal". Retrieved January 17, 2014. 
^ Todd, Jeff (December 11, 2014). "Cardinals sign Mark Reynolds". mlb traderumors.com. 
^ Goold, Derrick (December 12, 2014). "Cards sign Reynolds, could platoon with Adams". St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Retrieved December 13, 2014. 
^ Langosch, Jenifer; Muskat, Carrie (May 5, 2015). "Wild 1st sets tone as Cards win 7th straight". St. Louis Cardinals. MLB. Retrieved May 5, 2015. 
^ "Reynolds, Cardinals rally past Cubs -- again". Fox Sports Midwest. Associated Press. May 6, 2015. Retrieved May 6, 2015. 
^ Dorsey, Steve; Wilaj, Steve (June 23, 2015). "Liner off Marlins pitcher lifts Cardinals after HBPs". St. Louis Cardinals. MLB. Retrieved June 24, 2015. 
^ Berry, Adam; McGonigal, John (July 12, 2015). "Cards drop marathon heartbreaker to Bucs". St. Louis Cardinals. MLB. Retrieved July 12, 2015. 
^ "Rockies and Reynolds finalize 1-year, $2.6 million deal". The Gazette. Colorado Springs, Colorado. Associated Press. December 16, 2015. Retrieved December 16, 2015. 
^ "Mark Reynolds Statistics and History". Baseball-Reference.com. Retrieved February 1, 2017. 
^ Todd, Jeff (February 1, 2017). "Rockies Re-Sign Mark Reynolds". mlbtraderumors.com. Retrieved February 1, 2017. 
^ Armas, Genaro (2017-04-03). "Rockies win in debuts of Black, Holland, beat Brewers 7-5". AP News. Retrieved 2017-04-06. 
^ Harding, Thomas; Perkins, Owen (May 9, 2017). "Rox ride 6-run 3rd to breezy G1 win over Cubs". MLB.com. Retrieved May 9, 2017. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Mark Reynolds.



Career statistics and player information from MLB, or ESPN, or Baseball-Reference, or Fangraphs, or The Baseball Cube, or Baseball-Reference (Minors)
Yahoo bio







v
t
e


Colorado Rockies current roster



Active roster



0 Adam Ottavino
2 Alexi Amarista
4 Pat Valaika
5 Carlos González
8 Gerardo Parra
9 DJ LeMahieu
12 Mark Reynolds
14 Tony Wolters
19 Charlie Blackmon
20 Ian Desmond
24 Jordan Lyles
27 Trevor Story
28 Nolan Arenado
30 Ryan Hanigan
31 Kyle Freeland
34 Jeff Hoffman
38 Mike Dunn
45 Scott Oberg
47 Jairo Díaz
48 Germán Márquez
49 Antonio Senzatela
51 Jake McGee
52 Chris Rusin
55 Jon Gray
56 Greg Holland





Inactive roster



3 Mike Tauchman
7 Raimel Tapia
13 Dustin Garneau
23 Tom Murphy
25 Jordan Patterson
26 David Dahl
29 Shane Carle
54 Carlos Estévez
60 Zach Jemiola
60 Zac Rosscup
62 Yency Almonte
64 Rayan González
77 Sam Moll





Disabled list



32 Tyler Chatwood
35 Chad Bettis
44 Tyler Anderson





Coaching staff



Manager 10 Bud Black
Bench 11 Mike Redmond
First base 37 Tony Diaz
Third base 39 Stu Cole
Hitting 58 Duane Espy
Assistant Hitting 41 Jeff Salazar
Pitching 36 Steve Foster
Bullpen 40 Darren Holmes
Coach 53 Ron Gideon










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mark_Reynolds_(baseball)&oldid=791264610"					
Categories: 1983 birthsLiving peoplePeople from Pikeville, KentuckyBaseball players from KentuckyMajor League Baseball third basemenMajor League Baseball first basemenArizona Diamondbacks playersBaltimore Orioles playersCleveland Indians playersNew York Yankees playersMilwaukee Brewers playersSt. Louis Cardinals playersColorado Rockies playersVirginia Cavaliers baseball playersYakima Bears playersLancaster JetHawks playersSouth Bend Silver Hawks playersTennessee Smokies playersMobile BayBears playersBowie Baysox playersScottsdale Scorpions playersHidden categories: Use mdy dates from January 2014 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


Français한국어日本語PortuguêsSlovenščina中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 04:18.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft





































Reynolds Wheels | Bike Wheels - Carbon, Road, Wheelsets | Competitive Cyclist

























 

Email





Password




                  Reset password









Sign In
Here we go...




                Cancel



 
          New here? 
          
            Create a New Account




        Create a New Account
 



          Your Name

Will be publicly displayed with all posts.




Email

ex: johndoe@gmail.com




Password





Verify password:

Passwords are case-sensitive, and must be at least 8 characters in length.





            Create Account



      Have an account? 
      
        login

 


Competitive CyclistBikes Road BikesMountain BikesCyclocross Bikes  Shop by brand   Borealis   Colnago   Evil Bikes   GT   Ibis   Intense   Juliana   Niner   Pinarello   Pivot   Ridley   Santa Cruz   Wilier   Yeti Cycles   View all brands   TriathlonFatKids'Sale Men RoadMountaintriathlonTopsJacketsJerseysVestsBase LayersCompressionCasualSkinsuitsBottomsShorts & BibsTights & KnickersRain PantsCompression Bottoms & LeggingsCasualShoesRoad ShoesReplacement PartsInsolesClothing AccessoriesSocksShoe CoversGlovesWarmersRoad HelmetsHatsMen's Cycling SunglassesTopsJacketsJerseysBase LayersT-ShirtsBottomsMen's LinersBaggy ShortsRiding PantsCasualShoesMountain/XC ShoesFlat Pedal ShoesReplacement PartsInsolesClothing AccessoriesMountain HelmetsSocksHatsGlovesMen's Cycling SunglassesGogglesBody ArmorWarmersSwimTri SwimsuitsWetsuitsSwim AccessoriesBikeTri BottomsTri SuitsCompressionTri ShoesTime Trial HelmetsTri TopsRunRunning TopsRunning BottomsCompressionRunning ShoesRun AccessoriesTri AccessoriesComputers & Heart Rate MonitorsEmbrocations & CreamsNutrition & PerformanceRace BagsSpeed Laces & Race AccessoriesSunglasses Women RoadMountaintriathlonTopsJacketsJerseysVestsBase LayersCompressionCasualSkinsuitsBottomsShorts & BibsTights & KnickersRain PantsCompression Bottoms & LeggingsCasualShoesRoad ShoesReplacement PartsInsolesClothing AccessoriesRoad HelmetsSocksShoe CoversHatsWomen's Cycling SunglassesGlovesWarmersTopsJerseysJacketsBase LayersCasualBottomsWomen's LinersBaggy ShortsRiding PantsShoesMountain/XC ShoesFlat Pedal ShoesShoe CoversReplacement PartsInsolesClothing AccessoriesMountain HelmetsSocksGlovesHatsWomen's Cycling SunglassesGogglesWarmersSwimSwimwearWetsuitsSwim AccessoriesBikeTri BottomsTri SuitsCompressionTri ShoesTime Trial HelmetsTri TopsRunRunning TopsRunning BottomsCompressionRunning ShoesRun AccessoriesTri AccessoriesComputers & Heart Rate MonitorsEmbrocations & CreamsNutrition & PerformanceRace BagsSpeed Laces & Race AccessoriesSunglasses Components Wheels, Tires, TubesHubs & SkewersTiresTubes & AccessoriesWheelsDrivetrain, BrakesBottom BracketsBrakesBuild KitsCablesCassettes & CogsChains & Chain GuidesCranksets & ChainringsDerailleursDrivetrain Small PartsPowermetersShiftersForks, Cockpit, PedalsForksHandlebarsHeadsetsPedalsSaddlesSeatpostsSeatpost ClampsStemsGripsHandlebar TapeAccessories  Accessories (a-z)Books, Magazines & GiftsBody ArmorArm & Elbow PadsChest & Spine ProtectionNeck ProtectionKnee & Shin PadsCamerasCamera Accessories & Mounts Memory CardsHelmet Cameras Car RacksRoof Racks & PartsHitch Racks & PartsRear Mount RacksTruck Bed Mounts & StorageCommuting & TouringStrollers & JoggersTrailersFenders & RacksPanniers & BagsLocksComputers & GPSGPS & ComputersPowermetersHeart Rate MonitorsEmbrocations & CreamsEmbrocations and CreamsSunscreenGogglesHelmetsRoad HelmetsTime Trial HelmetsKids' Bike HelmetsMountain HelmetsHydration Packs & BagsHydration PacksWater ReservoirsWater Bottles & CagesKids' Hydration PacksLightsHeadlightsTail LightsLight AccessoriesLubricants & MaintenanceNutrition & PerformanceBars & SnacksGelsHydrationCookbooks & AccessoriesRecoverySupplementsPumps & CO2 InflatorsCO2 InflatorsMini PumpsFloor PumpsSeat BagsShoesRoad ShoesRoad ShoesMountain/XC ShoesShoesTri ShoesTri ShoesSunglassesMen's Cycling SunglassesWomen's Cycling SunglassesReplacement LensesTools & MaintenanceToolsCleaning Kits & AccessoriesTrainers & RollersRollersTrainersIndoor CyclesStrollers & JoggersAccessoriesTraining ToolsTravelCasesLuggageWater Bottles & CagesJust inSaleLearn  The Annual Tour Sale - Shop Today's Deal  Give your friends $10



      














Reynolds Cycling


Shop Reynolds by category




Components


Wheels, Tires, Tubes

Brakes




Shop all Reynolds


Best Sellers
Perennial Favorites from Every Category

                View all >







5



Reynolds
72/90 Aero Carbon Road Wheelset - Clincher





            Sale
$1,099.95

              $2,799.00


61%
off










5

5


(1)




Reynolds
29 Enduro Blacklabel Boost Wheelset




$2,500.00








5



Reynolds
90 Aero Carbon Road Wheelset - Clincher





            Sale
$1,149.95

              $2,975.00


61%
off










5

5


(2)




Reynolds
27.5 AM LTD Carbon Wheelset





            Sale
$999.95

              $1,899.95


47%
off








5



Reynolds
29 Trail LTD Carbon Wheelset





            Sale
$1,299.95

              $1,899.95


32%
off








5



Reynolds
65 Aero Carbon Wheelset - Tubeless




$2,499.00










3.5

5


(8)




Reynolds
Cryo-Blue Brake Pad - 2-Pack





            Sale
$26.99

              $30.00


10%
off










5

5


(5)




Reynolds
46 Aero Carbon Road Wheelset - Clincher




$2,499.00










3.5

5


(3)




Reynolds
Freehub Body




$110.00








5



Reynolds
Strike SLG Carbon Wheelset - Tubeless




$1,799.00










5

5


(1)




Reynolds
Assault SLG Carbon Wheelset - Tubeless




$1,799.00








5



Reynolds
Assault/Strike SLG Carbon Wheelset - Tubeless




$1,799.00








5



Reynolds
29 Enduro Blacklabel Decal Set




$12.50








5



Reynolds
29 Trail Blacklabel Decal Set




$12.50








5



Reynolds
27.5 Plus Blacklabel Decal Set




$25.00







New Arrivals
The Newest Arrivals in Gear & Clothing

                View all >







5



Reynolds
65 Aero Carbon Wheelset - Tubeless




$2,499.00








5



Reynolds
72/90 Aero Carbon Road Wheelset - Clincher





            Sale
$1,099.95

              $2,799.00


61%
off








5



Reynolds
29 Enduro Blacklabel Decal Set




$12.50








5



Reynolds
29 Trail Blacklabel Decal Set




$12.50








5



Reynolds
27.5 Plus Blacklabel Decal Set




$25.00








5



Reynolds
27.5 Enduro Blacklabel Decal Set




$12.50








5



Reynolds
27.5 Trail Blacklabel Decal Set




$12.50








5



Reynolds
Aero 80 Carbon Wheelset - Tubeless




$2,499.00








5



Reynolds
65 Aero Carbon Disc Brake Wheelset - Tubeless




$2,599.00










5

5


(1)




Reynolds
Assault SLG Carbon Wheelset - Tubeless




$1,799.00








5



Reynolds
Assault/Strike SLG Carbon Wheelset - Tubeless




$1,799.00








5



Reynolds
Strike SLG Carbon Wheelset - Tubeless




$1,799.00








5



Reynolds
46/58 Aero Carbon Road Wheelset - Tubular





            Sale
$1,149.95

              $2,499.00


54%
off








5



Reynolds
Strike Disc Carbon Wheelset - Tubeless




$1,799.00










5

5


(1)




Reynolds
46 Aero Disc Carbon Wheelset - Tubeless




$2,599.00








About Reynolds
Reynolds Composites is a name long associated with premium-quality carbon fiber bicycle componentry. Their discontinued Ouzo Pro fork is the best selling, best loved full-carbon fork ever manufactured, and given their command of carbon, it was only a small step for Reynolds to enter the world of pro-quality carbon wheelset production. The roots of their wheelsets trace back to the legendary company Lew Composites. Like many of companies owned by innovative types, Lew had spectacular ideas, but simply couldn't manage to get the ball rolling on production. So in early 2002, MacLean Quality Composites (MQC) purchased Lew's assets and intellectual property and hired their two top engineers. MQC produced carbon fiber tubing for many of the industry's leading frame manufacturers, in addition to after-market and original-equipment products in the aerospace, automotive, industrial and sports industries, which made their partnership with industrial giant Reynolds a golden opportunity.The Reynolds wheel line is known primarily for its outstanding contributions to the realm of aerodynamics. That's understandable when considering concepts like the Swirl Lip Generator (SLG) rim profile, which induces an aerodynamic disturbance so as to enable greater speed and stability. This technology finds its way onto both the Aero series wheels and the RZR series, a derivative of Lew's progressive designs. That said, there is more to a Reynolds wheelset than just speed. These wheels are tuned to be stable in a cross wind for rider safety, and their reputation for phenomenal handling backs up Reynolds's claims. And there's more to their lineup than road wheels, with their mountain wheels being ridden to competitive success in nearly every dirt-based discipline. The addition of carbon hoops for use with fat bikes, and a full range of disc-equipped road and cyclocross wheels points to the fact that Reynolds will continue to serve cyclists' needs for fast, reliable wheelsets, and adapt with the ever changing pace of the sport.






                  Subscribe to the Reynolds RSS feed.

                  Receive every question, review, photo and video in your reader.






SiteId: 7
SiteCode: competitivecyclist
Transient:  true
Sec Status: 0
Catalog: catalog:competitivecyclist
PriceList: priceList:listPrices
SalePriceList: priceList:salePrices
isDev: No
is Mobile (touch): No
protocol: https
port: 80
storeServerUrl: https://www.competitivecyclist.com
secureStoreServerUrl: https://www.competitivecyclist.com
request locale:en_US_7
profile locale:
Template parameters
footer: /includes/whichFooter.jsp
displayName: /includes/displayName.jsp
siteName: Competitive Cyclist
navigationFlyouts: /includes/competitivecyclist/categoriesNavFlyout.jsp
logoUrl: /images/bcs/bc-logo.png
defaultBody: /catalog/include/brandCategoryPage.jsp
navigation: /navigation/categoriesNav.jsp
pageStart: /includes/pageStart.jsp
pageEnd: /includes/pageEnd.jsp
header: /includes/competitivecyclist/header.jsp
Template inheritance tree
/backcountry/layout/templates/competitivecyclist/BrandHomePage
/backcountry/layout/templates/competitivecyclist/StandardPage
/backcountry/layout/templates/StandardPage
















 






























Cycling Clothing for Men | Mountain, Triathlon, & Road Bike Apparel | Competitive Cyclist

























 

Email





Password




                  Reset password









Sign In
Here we go...




                Cancel



 
          New here? 
          
            Create a New Account




        Create a New Account
 



          Your Name

Will be publicly displayed with all posts.




Email

ex: johndoe@gmail.com




Password





Verify password:

Passwords are case-sensitive, and must be at least 8 characters in length.





            Create Account



      Have an account? 
      
        login

 


Competitive CyclistBikes Road BikesMountain BikesCyclocross Bikes  Shop by brand   Borealis   Colnago   Evil Bikes   GT   Ibis   Intense   Juliana   Niner   Pinarello   Pivot   Ridley   Santa Cruz   Wilier   Yeti Cycles   View all brands   TriathlonFatKids'Sale Men RoadMountaintriathlonTopsJacketsJerseysVestsBase LayersCompressionCasualSkinsuitsBottomsShorts & BibsTights & KnickersRain PantsCompression Bottoms & LeggingsCasualShoesRoad ShoesReplacement PartsInsolesClothing AccessoriesSocksShoe CoversGlovesWarmersRoad HelmetsHatsMen's Cycling SunglassesTopsJacketsJerseysBase LayersT-ShirtsBottomsMen's LinersBaggy ShortsRiding PantsCasualShoesMountain/XC ShoesFlat Pedal ShoesReplacement PartsInsolesClothing AccessoriesMountain HelmetsSocksHatsGlovesMen's Cycling SunglassesGogglesBody ArmorWarmersSwimTri SwimsuitsWetsuitsSwim AccessoriesBikeTri BottomsTri SuitsCompressionTri ShoesTime Trial HelmetsTri TopsRunRunning TopsRunning BottomsCompressionRunning ShoesRun AccessoriesTri AccessoriesComputers & Heart Rate MonitorsEmbrocations & CreamsNutrition & PerformanceRace BagsSpeed Laces & Race AccessoriesSunglasses Women RoadMountaintriathlonTopsJacketsJerseysVestsBase LayersCompressionCasualSkinsuitsBottomsShorts & BibsTights & KnickersRain PantsCompression Bottoms & LeggingsCasualShoesRoad ShoesReplacement PartsInsolesClothing AccessoriesRoad HelmetsSocksShoe CoversHatsWomen's Cycling SunglassesGlovesWarmersTopsJerseysJacketsBase LayersCasualBottomsWomen's LinersBaggy ShortsRiding PantsShoesMountain/XC ShoesFlat Pedal ShoesShoe CoversReplacement PartsInsolesClothing AccessoriesMountain HelmetsSocksGlovesHatsWomen's Cycling SunglassesGogglesWarmersSwimSwimwearWetsuitsSwim AccessoriesBikeTri BottomsTri SuitsCompressionTri ShoesTime Trial HelmetsTri TopsRunRunning TopsRunning BottomsCompressionRunning ShoesRun AccessoriesTri AccessoriesComputers & Heart Rate MonitorsEmbrocations & CreamsNutrition & PerformanceRace BagsSpeed Laces & Race AccessoriesSunglasses Components Wheels, Tires, TubesHubs & SkewersTiresTubes & AccessoriesWheelsDrivetrain, BrakesBottom BracketsBrakesBuild KitsCablesCassettes & CogsChains & Chain GuidesCranksets & ChainringsDerailleursDrivetrain Small PartsPowermetersShiftersForks, Cockpit, PedalsForksHandlebarsHeadsetsPedalsSaddlesSeatpostsSeatpost ClampsStemsGripsHandlebar TapeAccessories  Accessories (a-z)Books, Magazines & GiftsBody ArmorArm & Elbow PadsChest & Spine ProtectionNeck ProtectionKnee & Shin PadsCamerasCamera Accessories & Mounts Memory CardsHelmet Cameras Car RacksRoof Racks & PartsHitch Racks & PartsRear Mount RacksTruck Bed Mounts & StorageCommuting & TouringStrollers & JoggersTrailersFenders & RacksPanniers & BagsLocksComputers & GPSGPS & ComputersPowermetersHeart Rate MonitorsEmbrocations & CreamsEmbrocations and CreamsSunscreenGogglesHelmetsRoad HelmetsTime Trial HelmetsKids' Bike HelmetsMountain HelmetsHydration Packs & BagsHydration PacksWater ReservoirsWater Bottles & CagesKids' Hydration PacksLightsHeadlightsTail LightsLight AccessoriesLubricants & MaintenanceNutrition & PerformanceBars & SnacksGelsHydrationCookbooks & AccessoriesRecoverySupplementsPumps & CO2 InflatorsCO2 InflatorsMini PumpsFloor PumpsSeat BagsShoesRoad ShoesRoad ShoesMountain/XC ShoesShoesTri ShoesTri ShoesSunglassesMen's Cycling SunglassesWomen's Cycling SunglassesReplacement LensesTools & MaintenanceToolsCleaning Kits & AccessoriesTrainers & RollersRollersTrainersIndoor CyclesStrollers & JoggersAccessoriesTraining ToolsTravelCasesLuggageWater Bottles & CagesJust inSaleLearn  The Annual Tour Sale - Shop Today's Deal  Give your friends $10



      






Men's Bike Clothing



More Brands







Men's Road Bike Clothing


Men's Road Bike Tops

Men's Road Bike Bottoms

Men's Road Shoes 

Men's Road Bike Accessories




Men's Mountain Bike Clothing


Men's Mountain Bike Tops

Men's Mountain Bike Bottoms

Men's Mountain Shoes

Men's Mountain Bike Accessories




Men's Triathlon Clothing


Men's Tri Swim

Men's Tri Bike

Men's Tri Run

Tri Accessories




Shop all Cycling Clothing for Men | Mountain, Triathlon, & Road Bike Apparel








SiteId: 7
SiteCode: competitivecyclist
Transient:  true
Sec Status: 0
Catalog: catalog:competitivecyclist
PriceList: priceList:listPrices
SalePriceList: priceList:salePrices
isDev: No
is Mobile (touch): No
protocol: https
port: 80
storeServerUrl: https://www.competitivecyclist.com
secureStoreServerUrl: https://www.competitivecyclist.com
request locale:en_US_7
profile locale:
Template parameters
footer: /includes/whichFooter.jsp
displayName: /includes/displayName.jsp
siteName: Competitive Cyclist
navigationFlyouts: /includes/competitivecyclist/categoriesNavFlyout.jsp
logoUrl: /images/bcs/bc-logo.png
defaultBody: /catalog/competitivecyclist/include/categoryPage.jsp
navigation: /navigation/categoriesNav.jsp
pageStart: /includes/pageStart.jsp
pageEnd: /includes/pageEnd.jsp
header: /includes/competitivecyclist/header.jsp
Template inheritance tree
/backcountry/layout/templates/competitivecyclist/CategoryHomePage
/backcountry/layout/templates/competitivecyclist/StandardPage
/backcountry/layout/templates/StandardPage
















 




























Bike Fit Calculator | Find Your Bike Size | Competitive Cyclist




































 

Email





Password




                  Reset password









Sign In
Here we go...




                Cancel



 
          New here? 
          
            Create a New Account




        Create a New Account
 



          Your Name

Will be publicly displayed with all posts.




Email

ex: johndoe@gmail.com




Password





Verify password:

Passwords are case-sensitive, and must be at least 8 characters in length.





            Create Account



      Have an account? 
      
        login

 


Competitive CyclistBikes Road BikesMountain BikesCyclocross Bikes  Shop by brand   Borealis   Colnago   Evil Bikes   GT   Ibis   Intense   Juliana   Niner   Pinarello   Pivot   Ridley   Santa Cruz   Wilier   Yeti Cycles   View all brands   TriathlonFatKids'Sale Men RoadMountaintriathlonTopsJacketsJerseysVestsBase LayersCompressionCasualSkinsuitsBottomsShorts & BibsTights & KnickersRain PantsCompression Bottoms & LeggingsCasualShoesRoad ShoesReplacement PartsInsolesClothing AccessoriesSocksShoe CoversGlovesWarmersRoad HelmetsHatsMen's Cycling SunglassesTopsJacketsJerseysBase LayersT-ShirtsBottomsMen's LinersBaggy ShortsRiding PantsCasualShoesMountain/XC ShoesFlat Pedal ShoesReplacement PartsInsolesClothing AccessoriesMountain HelmetsSocksHatsGlovesMen's Cycling SunglassesGogglesBody ArmorWarmersSwimTri SwimsuitsWetsuitsSwim AccessoriesBikeTri BottomsTri SuitsCompressionTri ShoesTime Trial HelmetsTri TopsRunRunning TopsRunning BottomsCompressionRunning ShoesRun AccessoriesTri AccessoriesComputers & Heart Rate MonitorsEmbrocations & CreamsNutrition & PerformanceRace BagsSpeed Laces & Race AccessoriesSunglasses Women RoadMountaintriathlonTopsJacketsJerseysVestsBase LayersCompressionCasualSkinsuitsBottomsShorts & BibsTights & KnickersRain PantsCompression Bottoms & LeggingsCasualShoesRoad ShoesReplacement PartsInsolesClothing AccessoriesRoad HelmetsSocksShoe CoversHatsWomen's Cycling SunglassesGlovesWarmersTopsJerseysJacketsBase LayersCasualBottomsWomen's LinersBaggy ShortsRiding PantsShoesMountain/XC ShoesFlat Pedal ShoesShoe CoversReplacement PartsInsolesClothing AccessoriesMountain HelmetsSocksGlovesHatsWomen's Cycling SunglassesGogglesWarmersSwimSwimwearWetsuitsSwim AccessoriesBikeTri BottomsTri SuitsCompressionTri ShoesTime Trial HelmetsTri TopsRunRunning TopsRunning BottomsCompressionRunning ShoesRun AccessoriesTri AccessoriesComputers & Heart Rate MonitorsEmbrocations & CreamsNutrition & PerformanceRace BagsSpeed Laces & Race AccessoriesSunglasses Components Wheels, Tires, TubesHubs & SkewersTiresTubes & AccessoriesWheelsDrivetrain, BrakesBottom BracketsBrakesBuild KitsCablesCassettes & CogsChains & Chain GuidesCranksets & ChainringsDerailleursDrivetrain Small PartsPowermetersShiftersForks, Cockpit, PedalsForksHandlebarsHeadsetsPedalsSaddlesSeatpostsSeatpost ClampsStemsGripsHandlebar TapeAccessories  Accessories (a-z)Books, Magazines & GiftsBody ArmorArm & Elbow PadsChest & Spine ProtectionNeck ProtectionKnee & Shin PadsCamerasCamera Accessories & Mounts Memory CardsHelmet Cameras Car RacksRoof Racks & PartsHitch Racks & PartsRear Mount RacksTruck Bed Mounts & StorageCommuting & TouringStrollers & JoggersTrailersFenders & RacksPanniers & BagsLocksComputers & GPSGPS & ComputersPowermetersHeart Rate MonitorsEmbrocations & CreamsEmbrocations and CreamsSunscreenGogglesHelmetsRoad HelmetsTime Trial HelmetsKids' Bike HelmetsMountain HelmetsHydration Packs & BagsHydration PacksWater ReservoirsWater Bottles & CagesKids' Hydration PacksLightsHeadlightsTail LightsLight AccessoriesLubricants & MaintenanceNutrition & PerformanceBars & SnacksGelsHydrationCookbooks & AccessoriesRecoverySupplementsPumps & CO2 InflatorsCO2 InflatorsMini PumpsFloor PumpsSeat BagsShoesRoad ShoesRoad ShoesMountain/XC ShoesShoesTri ShoesTri ShoesSunglassesMen's Cycling SunglassesWomen's Cycling SunglassesReplacement LensesTools & MaintenanceToolsCleaning Kits & AccessoriesTrainers & RollersRollersTrainersIndoor CyclesStrollers & JoggersAccessoriesTraining ToolsTravelCasesLuggageWater Bottles & CagesJust inSaleLearn  The Annual Tour Sale - Shop Today's Deal  Give your friends $10



      




Fit calculator

1Basic information
2Input measurements
3Results








Gender

Male

Male


Female

Female



Bike Type

Road

Road


Mountain

Mountain


Triathlon

Triathlon



Measure yourself using...

Inches

Inches


Centimeters

Centimeters


Continue


More information



              More about the Road Fit Calculator

              PDF version here



              More about the Mountain Fit Calculator

              PDF version here



              More about the Triathlon Fit Calculator





                Video showing how to take measurement



                Taking measurements from your existing MTB to better fit your new bike



                The Traditions of Road Riding and Our Three Styles of Road Fit





              Our Three Styles of Fit for Mountain



                NBDA Bicycle Owners Manual Warnings on Fit

                PDF version here






Input measurements


Actual inseam



Trunk



Forearm



Arm



Thigh



Lower leg



Sternal notch



Total height


Continue



Your fit summary






Your measurements

Actual inseam



Trunk



Forearm



Arm



Thigh



Lower leg



Sternal notch



Total height


Edit measurements


Save results

Never take your measurements again.Lose the measuring tape. Your measurements will be stored safe with us on your account page. Review and edit them at anytime.
Save



  Email my results


Email Address



Comments




Send a copy of my results to customer service for personal advice.


First Name




Contact me via...
Email
Phone



Phone Number




Join our email list.


Send







SiteId: 7
SiteCode: competitivecyclist
Transient:  true
Sec Status: 0
Catalog: catalog:competitivecyclist
PriceList: priceList:listPrices
SalePriceList: priceList:salePrices
isDev: No
is Mobile (touch): No
protocol: https
port: 80
storeServerUrl: https://www.competitivecyclist.com
secureStoreServerUrl: https://www.competitivecyclist.com
request locale:en_US_7
profile locale:
Template parameters
footer: /includes/whichFooter.jsp
displayName: /includes/displayName.jsp
siteName: Competitive Cyclist
navigationFlyouts: /includes/competitivecyclist/categoriesNavFlyout.jsp
logoUrl: /images/bcs/bc-logo.png
navigation: /navigation/categoriesNav.jsp
pageStart: /includes/pageStart.jsp
pageEnd: /includes/pageEnd.jsp
header: /includes/competitivecyclist/header.jsp
Template inheritance tree
/backcountry/layout/templates/competitivecyclist/StandardPage
/backcountry/layout/templates/StandardPage














 






























Women’s Cycling Clothing | Mountain, Triathlon, & Road Bike Apparel | Competitive Cyclist

























 

Email





Password




                  Reset password









Sign In
Here we go...




                Cancel



 
          New here? 
          
            Create a New Account




        Create a New Account
 



          Your Name

Will be publicly displayed with all posts.




Email

ex: johndoe@gmail.com




Password





Verify password:

Passwords are case-sensitive, and must be at least 8 characters in length.





            Create Account



      Have an account? 
      
        login

 


Competitive CyclistBikes Road BikesMountain BikesCyclocross Bikes  Shop by brand   Borealis   Colnago   Evil Bikes   GT   Ibis   Intense   Juliana   Niner   Pinarello   Pivot   Ridley   Santa Cruz   Wilier   Yeti Cycles   View all brands   TriathlonFatKids'Sale Men RoadMountaintriathlonTopsJacketsJerseysVestsBase LayersCompressionCasualSkinsuitsBottomsShorts & BibsTights & KnickersRain PantsCompression Bottoms & LeggingsCasualShoesRoad ShoesReplacement PartsInsolesClothing AccessoriesSocksShoe CoversGlovesWarmersRoad HelmetsHatsMen's Cycling SunglassesTopsJacketsJerseysBase LayersT-ShirtsBottomsMen's LinersBaggy ShortsRiding PantsCasualShoesMountain/XC ShoesFlat Pedal ShoesReplacement PartsInsolesClothing AccessoriesMountain HelmetsSocksHatsGlovesMen's Cycling SunglassesGogglesBody ArmorWarmersSwimTri SwimsuitsWetsuitsSwim AccessoriesBikeTri BottomsTri SuitsCompressionTri ShoesTime Trial HelmetsTri TopsRunRunning TopsRunning BottomsCompressionRunning ShoesRun AccessoriesTri AccessoriesComputers & Heart Rate MonitorsEmbrocations & CreamsNutrition & PerformanceRace BagsSpeed Laces & Race AccessoriesSunglasses Women RoadMountaintriathlonTopsJacketsJerseysVestsBase LayersCompressionCasualSkinsuitsBottomsShorts & BibsTights & KnickersRain PantsCompression Bottoms & LeggingsCasualShoesRoad ShoesReplacement PartsInsolesClothing AccessoriesRoad HelmetsSocksShoe CoversHatsWomen's Cycling SunglassesGlovesWarmersTopsJerseysJacketsBase LayersCasualBottomsWomen's LinersBaggy ShortsRiding PantsShoesMountain/XC ShoesFlat Pedal ShoesShoe CoversReplacement PartsInsolesClothing AccessoriesMountain HelmetsSocksGlovesHatsWomen's Cycling SunglassesGogglesWarmersSwimSwimwearWetsuitsSwim AccessoriesBikeTri BottomsTri SuitsCompressionTri ShoesTime Trial HelmetsTri TopsRunRunning TopsRunning BottomsCompressionRunning ShoesRun AccessoriesTri AccessoriesComputers & Heart Rate MonitorsEmbrocations & CreamsNutrition & PerformanceRace BagsSpeed Laces & Race AccessoriesSunglasses Components Wheels, Tires, TubesHubs & SkewersTiresTubes & AccessoriesWheelsDrivetrain, BrakesBottom BracketsBrakesBuild KitsCablesCassettes & CogsChains & Chain GuidesCranksets & ChainringsDerailleursDrivetrain Small PartsPowermetersShiftersForks, Cockpit, PedalsForksHandlebarsHeadsetsPedalsSaddlesSeatpostsSeatpost ClampsStemsGripsHandlebar TapeAccessories  Accessories (a-z)Books, Magazines & GiftsBody ArmorArm & Elbow PadsChest & Spine ProtectionNeck ProtectionKnee & Shin PadsCamerasCamera Accessories & Mounts Memory CardsHelmet Cameras Car RacksRoof Racks & PartsHitch Racks & PartsRear Mount RacksTruck Bed Mounts & StorageCommuting & TouringStrollers & JoggersTrailersFenders & RacksPanniers & BagsLocksComputers & GPSGPS & ComputersPowermetersHeart Rate MonitorsEmbrocations & CreamsEmbrocations and CreamsSunscreenGogglesHelmetsRoad HelmetsTime Trial HelmetsKids' Bike HelmetsMountain HelmetsHydration Packs & BagsHydration PacksWater ReservoirsWater Bottles & CagesKids' Hydration PacksLightsHeadlightsTail LightsLight AccessoriesLubricants & MaintenanceNutrition & PerformanceBars & SnacksGelsHydrationCookbooks & AccessoriesRecoverySupplementsPumps & CO2 InflatorsCO2 InflatorsMini PumpsFloor PumpsSeat BagsShoesRoad ShoesRoad ShoesMountain/XC ShoesShoesTri ShoesTri ShoesSunglassesMen's Cycling SunglassesWomen's Cycling SunglassesReplacement LensesTools & MaintenanceToolsCleaning Kits & AccessoriesTrainers & RollersRollersTrainersIndoor CyclesStrollers & JoggersAccessoriesTraining ToolsTravelCasesLuggageWater Bottles & CagesJust inSaleLearn  The Annual Tour Sale - Shop Today's Deal  Give your friends $10



      






Women's Bike Clothing



More Brands







Women's Road Bike Clothing


Women's Road Bike Tops

Women's Road Bike Bottoms

Women's Road Shoes

Women's Road Bike Accessories




Women's Mountain Bike Clothing


Women's Mountain Bike Tops

Women's Mountain Bike Bottoms

Women's Mountain Bike Shoes

Women's Mountain Bike Accessories




Women's Triathlon Clothing


Women's Tri Swim

Women's Tri Bike

Women's Tri Run

Tri Accessories




Shop all Women’s Cycling Clothing | Mountain, Triathlon, & Road Bike Apparel








SiteId: 7
SiteCode: competitivecyclist
Transient:  true
Sec Status: 0
Catalog: catalog:competitivecyclist
PriceList: priceList:listPrices
SalePriceList: priceList:salePrices
isDev: No
is Mobile (touch): No
protocol: https
port: 80
storeServerUrl: https://www.competitivecyclist.com
secureStoreServerUrl: https://www.competitivecyclist.com
request locale:en_US_7
profile locale:
Template parameters
footer: /includes/whichFooter.jsp
displayName: /includes/displayName.jsp
siteName: Competitive Cyclist
navigationFlyouts: /includes/competitivecyclist/categoriesNavFlyout.jsp
logoUrl: /images/bcs/bc-logo.png
defaultBody: /catalog/competitivecyclist/include/categoryPage.jsp
navigation: /navigation/categoriesNav.jsp
pageStart: /includes/pageStart.jsp
pageEnd: /includes/pageEnd.jsp
header: /includes/competitivecyclist/header.jsp
Template inheritance tree
/backcountry/layout/templates/competitivecyclist/CategoryHomePage
/backcountry/layout/templates/competitivecyclist/StandardPage
/backcountry/layout/templates/StandardPage
















 


