
























RGT Capital Management Ltd. Takes Position in Monsanto Company (NYSE:MON) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Monsanto Company
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Monsanto Company with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Legal & General Group Plc Increases Stake in Mobile Mini, Inc. (NASDAQ:MINI)
3,270 Shares in Biogen Inc. (BIIB) Acquired by Israel Discount Bank of New York
TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC Decreases Position in Merit Medical Systems, Inc. (MMSI)
BRF S.A. (BRFS) Stock Rating Lowered by Citigroup Inc.
California Public Employees Retirement System Has $4.53 Million Position in American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc. (AXL)
Legal & General Group Plc Has $2.47 Million Position in Golar LNG Limited (NASDAQ:GLNG)
RGT Capital Management Ltd. Takes Position in Monsanto Company (NYSE:MON)
Thrivent Financial For Lutherans Increases Stake in Bio-Techne Corp (NASDAQ:TECH)
Thrivent Financial For Lutherans Increases Stake in Kaman Corporation (NYSE:KAMN)
FY2017 EPS Estimates for Gulfport Energy Corporation (GPOR) Raised by Analyst
Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. Reduced by Analyst (NYSE:AMG)
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) Shares Bought by Tower Bridge Advisors
AAON, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAON) Stake Decreased by Legal & General Group Plc
PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Sells 102 Shares of Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. (NYSE:RS)
PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Buys 359 Shares of Southern Copper Corporation (NYSE:SCCO)
Good Life Advisors LLC Invests $248,000 in PayPal Holdings, Inc. (PYPL)
PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Has $362,000 Stake in Five Below, Inc. (NASDAQ:FIVE)
QUANTRES ASSET MANAGEMENT Ltd Buys Shares of 10,200 Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) (NYSE:BK)
Trillium Therapeutics’ (NASDAQ:TRIL) Buy Rating Reiterated at Cowen and Company
Amerco (NASDAQ:UHAL) Raised to “Buy” at BidaskClub


 


RGT Capital Management Ltd. Takes Position in Monsanto Company (NYSE:MON)

Posted by Renee Johnson on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments 

RGT Capital Management Ltd. bought a new position in Monsanto Company (NYSE:MON) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm bought 2,673 shares of the basic materials company’s stock, valued at approximately $303,000. 
Several other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Financial Counselors Inc. increased its position in shares of Monsanto by 8.0% in the first quarter. Financial Counselors Inc. now owns 5,898 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $668,000 after buying an additional 435 shares during the last quarter. Ngam Advisors L.P. boosted its stake in shares of Monsanto by 2.8% in the first quarter. Ngam Advisors L.P. now owns 18,417 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $2,085,000 after buying an additional 497 shares during the period. Cornerstone Wealth Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Monsanto by 9.2% in the first quarter. Cornerstone Wealth Management LLC now owns 3,526 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $407,000 after buying an additional 296 shares during the period. Hartland & Co. LLC boosted its stake in shares of Monsanto by 15.7% in the first quarter. Hartland & Co. LLC now owns 3,507 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $397,000 after buying an additional 475 shares during the period. Finally, EULAV Asset Management boosted its stake in shares of Monsanto by 20.0% in the first quarter. EULAV Asset Management now owns 24,000 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $2,717,000 after buying an additional 4,000 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 74.96% of the company’s stock. 




Shares of Monsanto Company (NYSE MON) opened at 117.38 on Monday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $117.61 and a 200 day moving average of $114.05. The firm has a market capitalization of $51.57 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.35 and a beta of 1.08. Monsanto Company has a 52-week low of $97.35 and a 52-week high of $118.97. 


 Get Monsanto Company alerts:



Monsanto (NYSE:MON) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, June 28th. The basic materials company reported $1.93 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $1.74 by $0.19. The company had revenue of $4.23 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $4.18 billion. Monsanto had a net margin of 14.11% and a return on equity of 45.26%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 1.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the business earned $2.17 EPS. On average, analysts predict that Monsanto Company will post $4.89 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, July 28th. Stockholders of record on Friday, July 7th will be paid a dividend of $0.54 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, July 5th. This represents a $2.16 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.84%. Monsanto’s dividend payout ratio is currently 46.75%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “RGT Capital Management Ltd. Takes Position in Monsanto Company (NYSE:MON)” was reported by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this story can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/24/rgt-capital-management-ltd-takes-position-in-monsanto-company-nysemon-updated.html. 
A number of brokerages recently weighed in on MON. UBS AG cut shares of Monsanto from a “positive” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Tuesday, June 27th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $128.00 price target on shares of Monsanto in a research report on Tuesday, March 28th. BidaskClub cut shares of Monsanto from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Sunday, July 16th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Monsanto from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, June 21st. Finally, BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $128.00 target price on shares of Monsanto in a report on Wednesday, April 5th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Monsanto presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $123.15.
In related news, EVP Steven Mizell sold 11,300 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, July 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $118.57, for a total value of $1,339,841.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 55,011 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $6,522,654.27. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, SVP Janet M. Holloway sold 3,337 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, June 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $118.00, for a total transaction of $393,766.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 44,405 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $5,239,790. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 85,816 shares of company stock valued at $10,117,174 over the last three months. 0.79% of the stock is owned by company insiders. 
Monsanto Company Profile
Monsanto Company (Monsanto), along with its subsidiaries, is a provider of agricultural products for farmers. The Company provides seeds, biotechnology trait products, herbicides and digital agriculture tools to farmers. The Company operates through two segments: Seeds and Genomics, and Agricultural Productivity. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Monsanto Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Monsanto Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 
































Colleen Affeldt, Rgt Capital Management Ltd: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  





















Feedback





Colleen Affeldt

Managing Director,
Rgt Capital Management Ltd






Career History




Managing Director
Rgt Capital Management Ltd, PRESENT



Rgt Capital Management Ltd, 2014-UNKNOWN


Visiting Faculty Member
Cox School of Business, FORMER







Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-











From The Web












Memberships



Board Memberships




Big Brothers Big Sisters


Board Member, PRESENT




Texas Scottish Rite Hospital for Crippled Children


Board Member, PRESENT




Positive Coaching Alliance


Board Member, PRESENT



Show More





Other Memberships




St. Baldricks Childrens Cancer Foundation


Board Member




Jim Utley Foundation


Board Member









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Mark C. Griege | RGT Wealth Advisors
















































Client Login



 







Our TeamWe’re always strategic and we think outside the lines to bring our clients fresh ideas.
Our FocusRGT manages your finances so they don’t manage you. And that equates to complete peace of mind. 
Our ApproachWe’re an independent, fee-only firm that provides investment advice – always in our clients’ best interests.
Our LatestDid you know? RGT is always active and engaged, whether we’re making the news or sharing it.













 




Back to team page







email
mgriege@rgtadvisors.com





Mark C. Griege J.D.
Managing Director


Mark Griege is a founding partner of RGT*. During his impressive career, he has amassed more than 25 years of business, tax and investment experience. Before cofounding the firm, Mark was integrally involved in the tax departments at a “Big Five” accounting firm as well as a regional law firm.
Mark enjoys an active life in both the professional realm and the local community. He has previously chaired the national financial planning advisory council for the Financial Planning Association. He has served on both the editorial advisory board of the Journal of Financial Planning as well as the national board of the Institute of Certified Financial Planners. He is also active on the boards of several philanthropic foundations associated with the charitable efforts of his clients.
In terms of accolades, Mark was recognized by Worth Magazine as one of its “Best Financial Advisors” and has been previously named in D Magazine’s “Best Financial Planners in Dallas.” He frequently speaks on a variety of investment and financial planning topics.
Mark received his Bachelor of Business Administration from Southern Methodist University and his Doctor of Jurisprudence from the University of Texas School of Law. He was previously licensed both as an attorney and a Certified Public Accountant.
*This is not a CPA firm



email
mgriege@rgtadvisors.com


































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Rgt Captial Management in Irvine, CA 92614 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» California
» Irvine
» Financial Planning
» Rgt Captial Management













Rgt Captial Management


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





1 Park Plz Ste 970 Irvine, California 92614


(949) 955-5525


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Rgt Captial Management is located at the address 1 Park Plz in Irvine, California 92614.  They can be contacted via phone at (949) 955-5525 for pricing, hours and directions.  Rgt Captial Management specializes in Educational Savings Plans, Estate Planning, Small Business Consulting.  Rgt Captial Management has an annual sales volume of 1M – 1,999,999.  .For more information contact Ash  Narayan, ManagerRgt Captial Management provides Accounting, Deposit Services, Disability Insurance to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Rgt Captial Management view the map to the right.  For reviews of Rgt Captial Management see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Senior Plans
, IRAs
, Treasury Bonds
, Real Estate Mutual Funds
, Credit Cards
, Commercial Loans
, Certificates Of Deposit
, Rollover Plans
, Municipal Bonds
, Futures



SERVICES


Tax Filing
, Deposit Services
, Business Valuations
, Estate Planning
, Extensions
, Business Tax Returns
, Accounting
, Commercial Claims
, Institutional Services
, Disability Insurance


 BRANDS


The Hartford
, Quickbooks
, Prudential
, Great Plains
, Quicken


 SPECIALTIES


Trusts
, Business Management Consulting
, Estate Planning
, Retail
, Churches
, Investment Planning
, Short-Term Disability
, Mutual Funds
, Small Business Consulting
, Educational Savings Plans



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (949) 955-5525
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Main Contact First Name: Ash
Main Contact Last Name: Narayan
Main Contact Title: Owner
Employee Size: 5 To 9
Exact Employee Count: 6
Exact Sales Volume: 250000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 1M – 1,999,999
CATEGORIES:


Financial Planning
Finance
Investments & Securities



People Also Viewed


Nationwide Business Credit LLC


2082 Business Center Dr  Irvine, California 92612




Fidelity Capital


19600 Fairchild rd., Suite 120  Irvine, California 92612




Ge Capital Corp.


1901 Main St Ste 700 Irvine, California 92614




NEXTSOURCE TRADING CORP


2100 Main St 220 Ste Irvine, California 92614




Baker & Associates


1130 Roosevelt  Irvine, California 92620




Jerry Wilk - Financial & Retirement Planning


17848 Sky Park Cir C Ste Irvine, California 92614





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Ash  Narayan
MANAGER
Phone: (949) 955-5525 
 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM










﻿






























Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Halliburton Company Increased by Analyst (NYSE:HAL) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Halliburton Company

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Halliburton Company with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Intersect ENT, Inc. (XENT) COO Richard E. Kaufman Sells 12,500 Shares
FY2021 EPS Estimates for China Mobile (Hong Kong) Ltd. (CHL) Raised by Analyst
Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Halliburton Company Increased by Analyst (NYSE:HAL)
PPL Corporation (NYSE:PPL) to Post FY2018 Earnings of $2.35 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts
Head to Head Review: Brooks Automation (BRKS) vs. Amkor Technology (AMKR)
Illinois Tool Works Inc. Forecasted to Post FY2018 Earnings of $7.10 Per Share (ITW)
Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday
PAREXEL International Corporation (NASDAQ:PRXL) Short Interest Down 40.2% in June
Rent-A-Center Inc. (NASDAQ:RCII) Short Interest Update
CIT Group Inc (DEL) (CIT) Short Interest Update
Investors Buy Large Volume of PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 Call Options (NASDAQ:QQQ)
Leerink Swann Analysts Boost Earnings Estimates for Astrazeneca PLC (NYSE:AZN)
Investors Buy Large Volume of Call Options on Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited (NYSE:TEVA)
Cogeco Communications Inc (TSE:CCA) Price Target Raised to C$84.00
Traders Sell Shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) on Strength Following Analyst Downgrade
Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Signature Bank’s Q2 2017 Earnings (SBNY)
Exelon Corporation (NYSE:EXC) Shares Sold by LeJeune Puetz Investment Counsel LLC
Reviewing Allot Communications (ALLT) & Zayo Group Holdings (NYSE:ZAYO)
Reviewing Owens & Minor (NYSE:OMI) & Cantel Medical Corp. (CMD)
FY2017 EPS Estimates for Unifirst Corporation (UNF) Boosted by Northcoast Research







Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Halliburton Company Increased by Analyst (NYSE:HAL)


					Posted by Oliver Carreras on Jul 27th, 2017 // No Comments





Halliburton Company (NYSE:HAL) –  Seaport Global Securities upped their Q3 2017 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for shares of Halliburton  in a research report issued to clients and investors on  Tuesday. Seaport Global Securities analyst M. Urban now anticipates that the oilfield services company will post earnings of $0.41 per share for the quarter, up from their previous forecast of $0.36. Seaport Global Securities currently  has a “Buy” rating and a $50.00 target price on the stock. Seaport Global Securities also issued estimates for Halliburton’s Q4 2017 earnings at $0.50 EPS, Q1 2018 earnings at $0.41 EPS, Q2 2018 earnings at $0.38 EPS, Q4 2018 earnings at $0.45 EPS, Q1 2019 earnings at $0.43 EPS, Q2 2019 earnings at $0.53 EPS and FY2019 earnings at $2.35 EPS. 


 Get Halliburton Company alerts:



Halliburton (NYSE:HAL) last announced its earnings results on Monday, July 24th. The oilfield services company reported $0.23 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.18 by $0.05. Halliburton had a negative net margin of 0.86% and a positive return on equity of 2.97%. The business had revenue of $4.96 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $4.86 billion. During the same period last year, the firm posted ($0.14) earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 29.3% compared to the same quarter last year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Halliburton Company Increased by Analyst (NYSE:HAL)” was first  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this report can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/27/q3-2017-eps-estimates-for-halliburton-company-increased-by-analyst-nysehal.html. 





A number of other research analysts also recently commented on the company. HSBC Holdings plc started coverage on Halliburton in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. They set a “buy” rating and a $65.00 price objective for the company. Sanford C. Bernstein  restated a “buy” rating on shares of Halliburton in a research note on Thursday, May 4th. Barclays PLC  restated an “overweight” rating on shares of Halliburton in a research note on Monday, June 26th. Morgan Stanley  restated an “overweight” rating and set a $60.00 price objective (down from $67.00) on shares of Halliburton in a research note on Wednesday, June 21st. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC  set a $69.00 price objective on Halliburton and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, April 24th. One research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued  a hold rating, twenty-eight have given a buy rating and one  has issued  a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $59.16.
Shares of Halliburton (HAL) opened at 43.32 on Wednesday. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $43.40 and its 200 day moving average price is $48.85. The firm’s market capitalization is $37.60 billion. Halliburton has a one year low of $40.12 and a one year high of $58.78. 
A number of large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. BlackRock Inc. increased its stake in shares of  Halliburton by 2,760.4% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 51,835,128 shares of the oilfield services company’s stock valued at $2,550,805,000 after buying an additional 50,022,982 shares in the last quarter.  Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of  Halliburton by 4.0% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 58,503,306 shares of the oilfield services company’s stock valued at $2,878,947,000 after buying an additional 2,242,976 shares in the last quarter.  Janus Capital Management LLC increased its stake in shares of  Halliburton by 70.1% in the first quarter. Janus Capital Management LLC now owns 4,641,978 shares of the oilfield services company’s stock valued at $228,423,000 after buying an additional 1,913,257 shares in the last quarter.  Westwood Holdings Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of  Halliburton by 20,009.4% in the first quarter. Westwood Holdings Group Inc. now owns 1,551,240 shares of the oilfield services company’s stock valued at $76,337,000 after buying an additional 1,543,526 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, PNC Financial Services Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of  Halliburton by 261.9% in the first quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. now owns 2,112,557 shares of the oilfield services company’s stock valued at $103,959,000 after buying an additional 1,528,779 shares in the last quarter. 79.74% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 
In other Halliburton news, Director William E. Albrecht acquired 8,000 shares of Halliburton stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 15th. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $46.33 per share, with a total value of $370,640.00. Following the purchase, the director now owns 8,000 shares in the company, valued at $370,640. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. 0.46% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. 
The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, September 27th. Investors of record on Wednesday, September 6th will be paid a $0.18 dividend. This represents a $0.72 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.66%. The ex-dividend date is Friday, September 1st. Halliburton’s dividend payout ratio  is currently -423.50%. 
About Halliburton
Halliburton Company provides services and products to the upstream oil and natural gas industry throughout the lifecycle of the reservoir, from locating hydrocarbons and managing geological data, to drilling and formation evaluation, well construction and completion, and optimizing production throughout the life of the field. 







Receive News & Ratings for Halliburton Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Halliburton Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 















































Our team | RGT Wealth Advisors















































Client Login



 







Our TeamWe’re always strategic and we think outside the lines to bring our clients fresh ideas.
Our FocusRGT manages your finances so they don’t manage you. And that equates to complete peace of mind. 
Our ApproachWe’re an independent, fee-only firm that provides investment advice – always in our clients’ best interests.
Our LatestDid you know? RGT is always active and engaged, whether we’re making the news or sharing it.













 




Financial peace of mind. Brought to you by the best minds in the business.

















At RGT, we take our relationship with you very personally. So we don’t offer canned solutions. We’re passionate about helping you along the path to greater certainty. 


To accomplish that, our team members must be good listeners, skilled collaborators, and effective practitioners. Client relationships are the foundation of our firm, and we hope to earn your trust and the role of your advisor for years and generations to come.









At RGT, our Core Values guide every action we take as individuals and as a firm. They determine how we serve clients, reward and hire employees, and make strategic decisions.





We recognize client needs drive our business, and we’re motivated to exceed their expectations.

We are dedicated to our clients, enthusiastically working with them to pursue their financial goals.

With humility, we practice the principles of servant leadership.

We make time to mentor and develop our people.

We encourage community involvement and giving back.





As fiduciaries, we put our clients’ best interests ahead of our own.

We are ethical, honest, and worthy of the trust placed in us as individuals and as a firm.

We foster a work ethic that is thorough, responsible, accountable, loyal, and dependable.

We are intentional in words, actions, and choices, valuing and exercising strong judgment.

We seek to resolve conflict graciously and expeditiously.






Our business is built on collaborative relationships with our clients, employees, and professional networks.

We strive for mutual respect, open communication, and accountability.

We want each individual to feel involved, heard, and appreciated as an important member of our team.

We are supportive, positive, and caring, seeking to create an enjoyable work environment.

As stewards of the business, we put the greater good ahead of individual agendas.





We are an entrepreneurial community without institutional barriers, providing each person the opportunity to contribute and advance based on merit and unique personal ability.

We are disciplined and organized in our work.

We are innovative and take initiative.

We deliver on our promises.

We employ a results-driven approach in pursuit of our clients’ financial goals and our firm’s business objectives.





We seek dynamic opportunities that best position our clients, employees, and firm for future growth.

As we grow, we are committed to our entrepreneurial spirit.

We are purposeful in our hiring and initiatives.

We passionately strive to achieve our vision.

We have an organizational structure that supports the flow of our business as well as our capacity to execute.





We are focused and committed to excellence, maintaining high standards in all that we do.

We are intellectually curious and seek educational opportunities.

We respond to the requests of others in a timely manner.

We are aware of how we professionally represent the RGT brand.

We encourage involvement in professional organizations and contributions to our industry.





 





 The difference between RGT and other wealth advisors is our people. We are committed to serving you.













Our team




Managing Directors
Firm Management
Financial Planning
Investment Management
Operations







Ashley Blanchette





Charles E. Thoele





Chip Tardy





Colleen Affeldt





Greg Bone





Jeremy Hudson





Joanna Jadlow





Joe Nolan





John A. (Pete) Bricker, Jr.





Mark C. Griege





Mark McClanahan





Matt Krauss





Michael J. Shockley





Peter Lodwick





Tim Weber





Todd Amacher







Allison Brown





Amy Messer





Anne Hill





Ashley Blanchette





Charles E. Thoele





Charlie Brockenbush





Colleen Affeldt





Craig Cardwell





Desiree Hoffman





Jacob Garr





Jean Cross





Jessica Lambert





Joe Nolan





Lana Copeland





Mark C. Griege





Michael J. Shockley





Niki Clark





Pamela House





Peter Lodwick





Rick Staples





Susan Solberg







Adam Goldenberg





April Polocek





Brian M. Cloud





Carmen Germain





Frank Fairbanks





Jean Cross





Jeremy Hudson





Jessica Boghetich





Jo Ann Barnett





Joanna Jadlow





Joanna Lucas





Joe Nolan





Kelly Mills





Kelvin Murphy, Jr.





Krista Anderson





Mark McClanahan





Matt Covelli





Matthew Branch





Michael J. Shockley





Nancy Kleinman





Shannon Pope





Stacy Duesing





Stephanie Adams





Tanzy Waggoner





Todd Amacher





Tyler Beeson





Wes Hedrick







Becky Parsons





Brent Anderson





Charles E. Thoele





Chip Tardy





Christopher Rachfal





David Jeffery





Greg Bone





James Herr





John A. (Pete) Bricker, Jr.





Mary Elizabeth Guidry





Matt Krauss





Molly Laughter





Treva Burks







Chanze Wellington





David Zuniga





Erinn Lott





Jeffrey Royce





Katherine Chandler





LaKeitria McClelland





Laura Lee





Priti Aziz





Sean Kight





Thip Enzler






 



































RGT Wealth Advisors















































Client Login



 





 











At RGT, we are all about relationships built on trust. And that begins with a personal approach to wealth management.
				Every journey is unique. So first and foremost, we listen to our client’s hopes and dreams. Then we develop tailored plans with objective recommendations. Because in the end, few things are more important than the confidence and the freedom to live life your way.








Our TeamWe’re always strategic and we think outside the lines to bring our clients fresh ideas.Read More
Our FocusRGT manages your finances so they don’t manage you. And that equates to complete peace of mind. Read More
Our ApproachWe’re an independent, fee-only firm that provides investment advice – always in our clients’ best interests.Read More
Our LatestDid you know? RGT is always active and engaged, whether we’re making the news or sharing it.Read More


































Services | Rgt Capital Management LTD Irvine, CA 92614 - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeInvestment Management near Irvine, CARgt Capital Management LTDServicesRgt Capital Management LTD1 Park Plz Ste 950, Irvine, CA 92614(949) 955-5525View Business DetailsServices"Fish and Chips" found in 1 dishFinancial Services AccountingAccounting ServicesPlanningFinancial PlanningRetirement PlanningInvestmentWealth ManagementInvestment ManagementTaxesTax PlanningTax ServicesIncome TaxSend to PhoneRgt Capital Management LTD1 Park Plz Ste 950, Irvine, CA 92614(949) 955-5525Send this business listing as a text message to a mobile phone.I agree to the Terms and ConditionsCancelSendYour text message was sent.To opt out at anytime, send the word STOP to YP411.To get a help message, send the word HELP to YP411.There was an error sending your text.Please try again.E-MailRgt Capital Management LTD1 Park Plz Ste 950, Irvine, CA 92614(949) 955-5525Send this business details to yourself or up to 5 friends.Up to 5 email addresses, separate addresses with a commaSend Yourself a CopyCancelSend 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback




Our focus | RGT Wealth Advisors















































Client Login



 







Our TeamWe’re always strategic and we think outside the lines to bring our clients fresh ideas.
Our FocusRGT manages your finances so they don’t manage you. And that equates to complete peace of mind. 
Our ApproachWe’re an independent, fee-only firm that provides investment advice – always in our clients’ best interests.
Our LatestDid you know? RGT is always active and engaged, whether we’re making the news or sharing it.













 





Champions of livelihoods and futures.
Odds are, you’ve got better things to do with your time than obsess over your finances.  That’s where RGT comes in. We obsess for you. Based on your aspirations, we can help orchestrate your entire financial picture. And with our expertise, we can turn your goals into reality.


















Odds are, you’ve got better things to do with your time than obsess over your finances.  That’s where RGT comes in. We obsess for you. Based on your aspirations, we can help orchestrate your entire financial picture. And with our expertise, we can turn your goals into reality.









Wealth Advisory Services


RGT simplifies the complex details of managing your wealth so you can relax and enjoy your success. We formulate innovative strategies, develop integrated financial independence plans, and implement personal investment portfolios that grow and evolve with our clients’ ever-changing lives.
Working closely in coordination with other advisors, our team of financial specialists assists you in the following key areas:
• Investment management and portfolio construction
• Financial independence planning
• Estate planning and wealth transfer
• Corporate trustee services
• Education and goal-oriented planning
• Foundation management and charitable giving
• Business investment analysis and succession planning
• Life and disability insurance consulting
• Personal budgeting and cash flow
• Bill processing
• Personal financial statements







Portfolio Management


RGT provides investment management services for our clients following a thorough review of their goals, risk profile, and need for income and growth. We prepare a detailed investment plan and implement it over time to optimize performance and reduce risk. Our philosophy is grounded in a long-term, customized approach, based on a balanced, well-diversified portfolio that provides us with the ability to capitalize on opportunities in markets.
We provide a unique way of assessing potential return and risk in our clients’ portfolios through the use of functional asset classes. This allows us to discuss the purpose of each investment strategy rather than the technical merits behind the specific allocation. To execute effective customized client portfolio construction, we utilize equity, fixed income, real estate, energy, hedge funds and where appropriate, private equity specialty managers, to create the appropriate blend of investments. These strategies could include small company domestic equities, international investments and planning for concentrated stock/bond holdings through the use of hedging. Our portfolio communication and reporting is clear, concise, and consistent. And we are available to meet with our clients at their convenience to review all aspects of their portfolio and financial world.







Family Office Services


Just as with our traditional advisory services, we offer customized solutions through our family office services. We strategically work towards your family’s goals and aspirations. From portfolio management to cash flow analysis and bill processing to trust services and private foundation management, we tailor our services to meet your needs and maximize your return.




































Murphy USA (NYSE:MUSA) Stock Price, News & Analysis | MarketBeat






















    























































































Murphy USA Company Profile (NYSE:MUSA)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About Murphy USA (NYSE:MUSA)
Murphy USA Inc. is engaged in the marketing of retail motor fuel products and merchandise through a chain of retail stores. The Company operates through the Marketing segment. The Marketing segment includes its retail marketing sites and product supply, and wholesale assets. As of December 31, 2016, its retail stores were located in 26 states, primarily in the Southwest, Southeast and Midwest the United States. Out of the total 1,401 stores, 1,152 were branded Murphy USA and 249 were Murphy Express locations, as of December 31, 2016. Its retail stores under the brand name Murphy USA participate in the Walmart discount program. The Walmart discount program offers a cents-off per gallon purchased for fuel when using specific payment methods as decided by Walmart and the Company. Its business also includes product supply and wholesale assets, including product distribution terminals and pipeline positions. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Oils/Energy
Industry: Gasoline stations
Sub-Industry: N/A
Symbol: NYSE:MUSA
CUSIP: N/A
Web: www.murphyusa.com

Capitalization:Market Cap: $2.76516 billionOutstanding Shares: 36,776,000Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $71.98200 Day Moving Avg: $68.7952 Week Range: $57.13 - $80.44


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: 22.07Foreward P/E Ratio: 16.72P/E Growth: 2.69Sales & Book Value:Annual Revenue: $10.13 billionPrice / Sales: 0.28Book Value: $18.29 per sharePrice / Book: 4.16


Profitability:EBIDTA: $347.41 millionNet Margins: 1.10%Return on Equity: 18.37%Return on Assets: 6.44%Debt:Debt-to-Equity Ratio: 0.92%Current Ratio: 0.87%Quick Ratio: 0.51%Misc:Average Volume: 477,329 shs.Beta: 0.68Short Ratio: 11.52

 

Frequently Asked Questions for Murphy USA (NYSE:MUSA)
What is Murphy USA's stock symbol?

Murphy USA trades on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the ticker symbol "MUSA."



How were Murphy USA's earnings last quarter?

Murphy USA Inc. (NYSE:MUSA) posted its earnings results on Monday, May, 1st. The company reported ($0.08) EPS for the quarter, hitting analysts' consensus estimates of ($0.08). The company had revenue of $3 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.06 billion. Murphy USA had a return on equity of 18.37% and a net margin of 1.10%. The firm's revenue for the quarter was up 20.5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $2.08 earnings per share.  View Murphy USA's Earnings History.



When will Murphy USA make its next earnings announcement?

Murphy USA is scheduled to release their next quarterly earnings announcement on Wednesday, August, 2nd 2017. View Earnings Estimates for Murphy USA.



Where is Murphy USA's stock going? Where will Murphy USA's stock price be in 2017?

5 brokerages have issued twelve-month price objectives for Murphy USA's stock. Their predictions range from $81.00 to $85.00. On average, they anticipate Murphy USA's stock price to reach $83.00 in the next year. View Analyst Ratings for Murphy USA.



Who are some of Murphy USA's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to Murphy USA include RSP Permian (RSPP), Range Resources Corporation (RRC), Phillips 66 Partners LP (PSXP), Energen Corporation (EGN), Shell Midstream Partners, L.P. (SHLX), HollyFrontier Corporation (HFC), Arc Resources (AETUF), DCP Midstream Partners, LP (DCP), Subsea 7 SA (SUBCY), First Solar (FSLR), RPC (RES), Murphy Oil Corporation (MUR), Chesapeake Energy Corporation (CHK), Core Laboratories N.V. (CLB), Boardwalk Pipeline Partners L.P. (BWP), Weatherford International PLC (WFT), Crescent Point Energy Corporation (CPG) and Nustar Energy L.P. (NS).



Who are Murphy USA's key executives?

Murphy USA's management team includes the folowing people: R. Andrew Clyde, President, Chief Executive Officer, DirectorMindy K. West, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, TreasurerJohn A. Moore, Senior Vice President, General CounselRobert J. Chumley, Senior Vice President Merchandising and MarketingGregory L. Smith, Corporate SecretaryRobert Madison Murphy, Non-Executive Independent ChairmanClaiborne P. Deming, Independent DirectorThomas M. Gattle Jr., Independent DirectorFredric L. Holliger, Independent DirectorChristoph Keller III, Independent Director



Who owns Murphy USA stock?

Murphy USA's stock is owned by a number of of institutional and retail investors. Top institutional shareholders include Cambiar Investors LLC (0.58%), Spark Investment Management LLC (0.36%), Bank of Montreal Can (0.30%), BB&T Corp (0.30%), Reinhart Partners Inc. (0.13%) and Horrell Capital Management Inc. (0.08%). Company insiders that own Murphy USA stock include Claiborne P Deming, David B Miller, James W Keyes, John A Moore, John P Corrigan, Malynda K West, Marn K Cheng, Robert Madison Murphy and Thomas M Gattle Jr. View Institutional Ownership Trends for Murphy USA.



Who sold Murphy USA stock? Who is selling Murphy USA stock?

Murphy USA's stock was sold by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Cambiar Investors LLC, Spark Investment Management LLC, Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC, Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc., CenturyLink Investment Management Co, Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan, US Bancorp DE and Bank of Montreal Can. Company insiders that have sold Murphy USA stock in the last year include John A Moore, Malynda K West and Marn K Cheng. View Insider Buying and Selling for Murphy USA.



Who bought Murphy USA stock? Who is buying Murphy USA stock?

Murphy USA's stock was purchased by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Capital One National Association, Wealth Enhancement Advisory Services LLC, Aperio Group LLC, BB&T Corp, ING Groep NV, Reinhart Partners Inc., Russell Investments Group Ltd. and NGAM Advisors L.P.. Company insiders that have bought Murphy USA stock in the last two years include Claiborne P Deming, David B Miller, James W Keyes, John P Corrigan, Robert Madison Murphy and Thomas M Gattle Jr. View Insider Buying and Selling for Murphy USA.



How do I buy Murphy USA stock? 

Shares of Murphy USA can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is Murphy USA's stock price today?

One share of Murphy USA stock can currently be purchased for approximately $76.06.


MarketBeat Community Rating for Murphy USA (NYSE MUSA)Community Ranking:  2.9 out of 5 ( )Outperform Votes:  88 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  66 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  154MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about Murphy USA and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for Murphy USA (NYSE:MUSA) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: 3 Hold Ratings, 2 Buy RatingsConsensus Rating:Hold (Score: 2.40)Consensus Price Target: $83.00 (9.12% upside)

Analysts' Ratings History for Murphy USA (NYSE:MUSA)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


DateFirmActionRatingPrice TargetImpact on Share PriceDetails7/17/2017Jefferies Group LLCReiterated RatingBuy$77.00 -> $83.00Low7/12/2017William BlairInitiated CoverageMkt Perform -> Market PerformLow6/30/2017StephensBoost Price TargetOverweight$76.00 -> $83.00Low4/18/2017Wells Fargo & CompanyDowngradeOutperform -> Market PerformHigh8/1/2016J P Morgan Chase & CoDowngradeOverweight -> Neutral$75.00 -> $85.00N/A(Data available from 7/28/2015 forward)


Earnings
Earnings History for Murphy USA (NYSE:MUSA)Earnings History by Quarter for Murphy USA (NYSE MUSA)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails8/2/2017$1.09N/A5/1/2017Q1 2017($0.08)($0.08)$3.06 billion$3.00 billionViewListen2/1/2017Q4 2016$1.03$1.14$3.08 billion$3.06 billionViewListen11/2/2016Q316$1.57$1.16$3.13 billion$3.04 billionViewListen8/3/2016Q2$0.99$1.17$3.15 billion$3.01 billionViewListen5/9/2016Q116$0.52$0.72$2.58 billion$2.49 billionViewListen2/3/2016Q4$1.05$0.69$3.24 billion$2.93 billionViewListen11/4/2015Q315$1.32$1.40$3.92 billion$3.38 billionViewListen8/6/2015Q215$0.79$0.59$3.60 billion$3.50 billionViewListen5/4/2015Q115$0.49$0.50$2.90 billion$3.00 billionViewListen2/4/2015Q414$1.47$1.79$3.59 billion$3.61 billionViewListen11/5/2014Q314$1.17$1.36$4.54 billion$4.68 billionViewListen8/6/2014Q214$0.87$1.57$4.92 billion$4.76 billionViewListen5/5/2014Q1$0.22$0.19$4.32 billion$4.16 billionViewListen2/19/2014Q4$0.67$0.63ViewListen(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for Murphy USA (NYSE:MUSA)Current Year EPS Consensus Estimate: $3.52 EPSNext Year EPS Consensus Estimate: $4.55 EPS


Dividends
Dividend History for Murphy USA (NYSE:MUSA)No dividend announcements for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Insider Trades
Insider Trading and Institutional Ownership History for Murphy USA (NYSE:MUSA)Insider Ownership Percentage: 7.30%Institutional Ownership Percentage: 98.18%Insider Trades by Quarter for Murphy USA (NYSE:MUSA)Transaction DateInsider NameTitleBuy/SellNumber of SharesAverage Share PriceTotal TransactionDetails5/4/2017James W KeyesDirectorBuy4,000$65.20$260,800.00  5/4/2017John P CorriganSVPBuy1,000$65.01$65,010.00  3/8/2017Marn K. ChengInsiderSell4,547$66.00$300,102.00  3/1/2017Claiborne P DemingDirectorBuy10,000$64.49$644,900.00  2/10/2017David B MillerDirectorBuy15,298$65.37$1,000,030.26  2/7/2017Claiborne P DemingDirectorBuy15,000$65.39$980,850.00  2/7/2017John P CorriganSVPBuy1,000$66.05$66,050.00  8/9/2016Robert Madison MurphyDirectorBuy6,037$48.68$293,881.16  8/8/2016John A MooreSVPSell5,290$78.05$412,884.50  8/8/2016Malynda K WestCFOSell9,463$77.54$733,761.02  8/8/2016Robert Madison MurphyDirectorBuy5,649$48.68$274,993.32  5/17/2016Thomas M Gattle JrDirectorBuy500$63.85$31,925.00  2/17/2016Marn K. ChengSVPSell4,093$60.98$249,591.14  2/12/2016Thomas M Gattle JrDirectorBuy500$58.33$29,165.00  2/9/2016Thomas M Gattle JrDirectorBuy500$58.56$29,280.00  2/23/2015Jeffery A GoodwinSVPSell1,887$71.45$134,826.15  2/18/2015Christoph Keller IIIDirectorSell17,216$70.98$1,221,991.68  2/12/2015Christoph Keller IIIDirectorSell8,333$71.23$593,559.59  2/12/2015Malynda K WestCFOSell33,821$71.31$2,411,775.51  9/5/2014Donald R Smith JrVPSell1,676$55.03$92,230.28  5/23/2014John MooreSVPSell2,701$49.51$133,726.51  3/6/2014Fred HolligerDirectorBuy1,000$40.84$40,840.00  2/24/2014R Andrew ClydeCEOBuy5,000$38.96$194,800.00  12/16/2013R Andrew ClydeCEOBuy2,000$41.92$83,840.00  11/25/2013Claiborne DemingDirectorBuy25,000$44.94$1,123,500.00  9/13/2013Thomas Gattle, Jr.DirectorBuy1,000$39.60$39,600.00  8/27/2013R Andrew ClydeCEOBuy4,000$37.14$148,560.00  8/26/2013Jack TaylorDirectorBuy5,000$37.28$186,400.00  (Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Headlines
Headline Trends for Murphy USA (NYSE:MUSA)


Latest Headlines for Murphy USA (NYSE:MUSA)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineMurphy USA Inc. (NYSE:MUSA) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesdaywww.americanbankingnews.com - July 27 at 1:26 PMMurphy USA (MUSA) & TravelCenters of America (TA) Head-To-Head Surveywww.americanbankingnews.com - July 20 at 8:23 PMMurphy USA Inc. (MUSA) Given Average Recommendation of "Hold" by Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 17 at 4:52 PM$3.37 Billion in Sales Expected for Murphy USA Inc. (MUSA) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 12 at 9:51 AMZacks: Brokerages Expect Murphy USA Inc. (MUSA) to Post $0.87 EPSwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 10 at 6:18 PMAnalyzing Murphy USA (NYSE:MUSA) & TravelCenters of America (TA)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 8 at 7:43 AMMurphy USA Inc. (MUSA) Raised to Strong-Buy at BidaskClubwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 5 at 7:28 PMMurphy USA Schedules 2017 Second Quarter Results Conference Callfinance.yahoo.com - July 3 at 11:22 PMHead-To-Head Comparison: TravelCenters of America (TA) versus Murphy USA (NYSE:MUSA)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 3 at 12:22 AMMurphy USA Inc. (NYSE:MUSA) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 1 at 7:38 AMStephens Reiterates Overweight Rating for Murphy USA Inc. (NYSE:MUSA)www.americanbankingnews.com - June 30 at 5:54 PMMurphy USA (MUSA) Presents At Jefferies 2017 Global Consumer Conference - Slideshowseekingalpha.com - June 22 at 8:24 AMMurphy USA Inc. (MUSA) Lifted to "Buy" at BidaskClubwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 20 at 6:06 PMMurphy USA Inc. (MUSA) Given Average Rating of "Buy" by Brokerageswww.americanbankingnews.com - June 20 at 4:29 PMMurphy USA, Inc. – Value Analysis (NYSE:MUSA) : June 19, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 19 at 5:45 PMMurphy USA, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bullish Manner : MUSA-US : June 16, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 16 at 7:38 PMMurphy USA Inc. (MUSA) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $3.37 Billionwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 16 at 1:56 PMETFs with exposure to Murphy USA, Inc. : June 15, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 16 at 7:56 AM$0.74 EPS Expected for Murphy USA Inc. (MUSA) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 14 at 6:22 PMMurphy USA (MUSA) Shares Cross Below 200 DMAwww.nasdaq.com - June 6 at 7:25 PMMurphy USA, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bullish Manner : MUSA-US : June 2, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 2 at 8:06 PMETFs with exposure to Murphy USA, Inc. : June 1, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 1 at 7:31 PMETFs with exposure to Murphy USA, Inc. : May 22, 2017finance.yahoo.com - May 22 at 5:59 PMMurphy USA, Inc. :MUSA-US: Earnings Analysis: Q1, 2017 By the Numbers : May 19, 2017finance.yahoo.com - May 19 at 11:19 AMMUSA Makes Bullish Cross Above Critical Moving Averagewww.nasdaq.com - May 15 at 6:03 PMInsider Buying: Murphy USA Inc (MUSA) Director Buys 4,000 Shares of Stockwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 5 at 4:51 PMMurphy USA Inc (MUSA) SVP John P. Corrigan Buys 1,000 Shareswww.americanbankingnews.com - May 5 at 4:50 PMEdited Transcript of MUSA earnings conference call or presentation 2-May-17 3:00pm GMTfinance.yahoo.com - May 4 at 11:30 AMStephens Reaffirms "Overweight" Rating for Murphy USA Inc (MUSA)www.americanbankingnews.com - May 3 at 8:04 PMMurphy USA Inc (MUSA) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLCwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 3 at 7:18 PMMurphy USA (MUSA) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Report Showswww.americanbankingnews.com - May 2 at 11:38 PMMurphy USA Inc (MUSA) Releases  Earnings Results, Meets Estimateswww.americanbankingnews.com - May 2 at 11:52 AMMurphy USA Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Resultsfinance.yahoo.com - May 1 at 5:39 PMMurphy USA reports 1Q lossfinance.yahoo.com - May 1 at 5:39 PMMurphy USA, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bearish Manner : MUSA-US : May 1, 2017finance.yahoo.com - May 1 at 12:24 PMMurphy USA (MUSA) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.36www.americanbankingnews.com - April 29 at 4:19 PM Analysts Anticipate Murphy USA Inc (MUSA) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.09 Per Sharewww.americanbankingnews.com - April 27 at 9:44 AMSomewhat Critical News Coverage Likely to Affect Murphy USA (MUSA) Share Pricewww.americanbankingnews.com - April 22 at 11:15 AMMurphy USA, Inc. – Value Analysis (NYSE:MUSA) : April 21, 2017finance.yahoo.com - April 21 at 6:34 PMMurphy USA Announces Pricing of Notes Offeringfinance.yahoo.com - April 20 at 6:46 PMMurphy USA Inc. (MUSA) Fell To A 1-Month Low After Guidance Loweredwww.rttnews.com - April 20 at 9:50 AMMurphy USA Announces Launch of Notes Offeringfinance.yahoo.com - April 20 at 9:49 AMMurphy USA, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bearish Manner : MUSA-US : April 20, 2017finance.yahoo.com - April 20 at 9:49 AMMurphy Oil USA Inc. -- Moody's rates Murphy's proposed senior unsecured notes Ba2, no change to Ba1 CFRfinance.yahoo.com - April 20 at 9:49 AMMurphy USA (MUSA) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.04www.americanbankingnews.com - April 19 at 12:12 PMWells Fargo & Co Downgrades Murphy USA Inc (MUSA) to Market Performwww.americanbankingnews.com - April 18 at 9:15 PMMurphy USA Announces Preliminary Q1 Results and Updates 2017 Guidancefinance.yahoo.com - April 18 at 6:05 PMMURPHY USA ANNOUNCES ADDITION TO EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP TEAMfinance.yahoo.com - April 18 at 6:05 PMMurphy USA Inc (MUSA) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - April 14 at 12:24 PMMurphy USA (MUSA) Given Daily News Impact Rating of 0.05www.americanbankingnews.com - April 13 at 6:15 PM


Social





Chart
Murphy USA (MUSA) Chart for Friday, July, 28, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/28/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff












































﻿
































Donaldson Company, Inc. (DCI) Position Maintained by Rothschild Capital Partners LLC - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Donaldson Company Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Donaldson Company Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Ingredion Incorporated (INGR) Shares Bought by BB&T Corp
Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) Shares Bought by Westwood Management Corp IL
Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc. Decreases Stake in Akamai Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:AKAM)
Westwood Management Corp IL Holds Position in Smith (A.O.) Corporation (NYSE:AOS)
Ipswich Investment Management Co. Inc. Continues to Hold Position in Ares Capital Corporation (NASDAQ:ARCC)
Page Arthur B Has $409,000 Stake in DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. (XRAY)
Donaldson Company, Inc. (DCI) Position Maintained by Rothschild Capital Partners LLC
4,689 Shares in Lam Research Corporation (NASDAQ:LRCX) Acquired by Altfest L J & Co. Inc.
Altfest L J & Co. Inc. Buys 56 Shares of Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC)
Newfield Exploration Company (NFX) Receives $44.92 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages
The Finish Line, Inc. (NASDAQ:FINL) Receives $17.44 Consensus PT from Analysts
Axa SA (EPA:CS) Receives €25.68 Average Target Price from Analysts
Comparing Powell Industries (POWL) and Littelfuse (LFUS)
Brookfield Infrastructure Partners (BIP) vs. Pointer Telocation (PNTR) Critical Contrast
PPG Industries (NYSE:PPG) versus The Valspar Corp (VAL) Head-To-Head Analysis
T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ:TMUS) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC
Royal Hawaiian Orchards LP (OTCMKTS:NNUTU) Major Shareholder Farhad Fred Ebrahimi Acquires 10,322 Shares
Head-To-Head Review: CrossAmerica Partners (CAPL) versus World Fuel Services Corporation (NYSE:INT)
Novartis AG (NOVN) – Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates
Analysts Set EOG Resources, Inc. (NYSE:EOG) Price Target at $110.22




 


Donaldson Company, Inc. (DCI) Position Maintained by Rothschild Capital Partners LLC

					Posted by Mitch Edgeman on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments 




Rothschild Capital Partners LLC continued to hold its stake in shares of  Donaldson Company, Inc. (NYSE:DCI) during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 64,635 shares of the industrial products company’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Rothschild Capital Partners LLC’s holdings in Donaldson were worth $2,943,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Several other hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in the company. BTIM Corp. raised its stake in shares of  Donaldson by 29.3% in the first quarter. BTIM Corp. now owns 1,025,833 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $46,696,000 after buying an additional 232,193 shares during the last quarter.  Nationwide Fund Advisors raised its stake in shares of  Donaldson by 3.5% in the first quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 442,570 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $20,146,000 after buying an additional 15,030 shares during the last quarter.  Retirement Systems of Alabama raised its stake in shares of  Donaldson by 56.7% in the first quarter. Retirement Systems of Alabama now owns 267,282 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $12,167,000 after buying an additional 96,751 shares during the last quarter.  Conestoga Capital Advisors LLC raised its stake in shares of  Donaldson by 100.0% in the first quarter. Conestoga Capital Advisors LLC now owns 20,001 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $910,000 after buying an additional 10,000 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Louisiana State Employees Retirement System raised its stake in shares of  Donaldson by 1.8% in the first quarter. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System now owns 33,300 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $1,516,000 after buying an additional 600 shares during the last quarter. 78.76% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get Donaldson Company Inc. alerts:



Shares of Donaldson Company, Inc. (NYSE:DCI) traded down 0.3401% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $46.8601. The company had a trading volume of 32,286 shares. Donaldson Company, Inc. has a 52-week low of $34.95 and a 52-week high of $48.91. The company has a market capitalization of $6.14 billion, a PE ratio of 27.8929 and a beta of 1.21. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $46.03 and its 200-day moving average price is $44.82. 




Donaldson (NYSE:DCI) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, June 1st. The industrial products company reported $0.45 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.44 by $0.01. The business had revenue of $608.20 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $580.44 million. Donaldson had a net margin of 9.72% and a return on equity of 28.12%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $0.43 earnings per share.  On average, analysts forecast that  Donaldson Company, Inc. will post ($0.38) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, June 28th. Stockholders of record on Monday, June 12th were given a dividend of $0.175 per share. This represents a $0.70 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.49%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Thursday, June 8th. Donaldson’s dividend payout ratio  is currently 41.92%. 
WARNING: This news story was originally  published by Markets Daily and is owned by of Markets Daily. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/24/donaldson-company-inc-dci-position-maintained-by-rothschild-capital-partners-llc.html. 
A number of brokerages have recently issued reports on DCI. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.  reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of Donaldson in a research report on Thursday, June 1st. Zacks Investment Research lowered Donaldson from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, May 23rd. Jefferies Group LLC raised Donaldson from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $54.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, May 31st. BidaskClub raised Donaldson from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, July 13th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus  reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $48.00 target price (up from $45.00) on shares of Donaldson in a research report on Friday, June 2nd. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. Donaldson  has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $48.25.
In other news, Director John Wiehoff sold 14,400 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, June 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of $46.33, for a total transaction of $667,152.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 59,001 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,733,516.33. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. 0.88% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. 
Donaldson Company Profile
Donaldson Company, Inc is a manufacturer of filtration systems and replacement parts. The Company’s segments include Engine Products, Industrial Products and Corporate. The Company’s products are manufactured at approximately 44 plants around the world and through three joint ventures. The Company offers its products under the Ultra-Web, PowerCore and Donaldson brands.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding DCI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Donaldson Company, Inc. (NYSE:DCI).







Receive News & Ratings for Donaldson Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Donaldson Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website


























































 







RGT Capital Management Ltd. :: Law360
































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help













RGT Capital Management Ltd.


 News & Case Alert  on RGT Capital Managem...



Financial » Asset Management » RGT Capital Management Ltd.






Menu options for RGT Capital Management Ltd. 


Everything »
News & Analysis »
New Cases »
New PTAB Cases »
Case Activity »
Outside Counsel »


                Data on cases, clients, outside counsel and individual attorneys collected from active federal civil cases. Reflects only recently published court data; not intended to be exhaustive. Not responsible for errors in court dockets.
            






×
Please assign a name to this alert






Save Alert
Cancel










News (1)


June 21, 2016
SEC Accuses Adviser Of $33M Fraud On MLB, NFL Players
... Tuesday.

In the suit filed on May 24, The SEC claims that Ash Narayan, a former adviser at RGT Capital...


Cases (0)

No results

PTAB Cases (0)

No results


To view all the results and drill down deeper, take a free trial now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login
















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Aerospace & Defense
										

 Appellate
										

 Asset Management
										

 Automotive
										

 Banking
										

 Bankruptcy
										

 California
										

 Capital Markets
										

 Class Action
										

 Commercial Contracts
										

 Competition
										

 Consumer Protection
										

 Corporate
										

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
										

 Delaware
										

 Employment
										

 Energy
										

 Environmental
										

 Financial Services Uk
										

 Florida
										

 Food & Beverage
										

 Government Contracts
										

 Health
										

 Hospitality
										

 Illinois
										

 Immigration
										

 Insurance
										

 Insurance Uk
										

 Intellectual Property
										

 International Arbitration
										

 International Trade
										

 Law360 In Depth
										

 Legal Ethics
										

 Life Sciences
										

 Media & Entertainment
										

 Medical Malpractice
										

 Mergers & Acquisitions
										

 Native American
										

 New Jersey
										

 New York
										

 Pennsylvania
										

 Private Equity
										

 Product Liability
										

 Project Finance
										

 Public Policy
										

 Real Estate
										

 Retail & E Commerce
										

 Securities
										

 Sports
										

 Tax
										

 Technology
										

 Telecommunications
										

 Texas
										

 Transportation
										

 Trials
										

 White Collar
										





Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In




















Tyler Beeson | RGT Wealth Advisors
















































Client Login



 







Our TeamWe’re always strategic and we think outside the lines to bring our clients fresh ideas.
Our FocusRGT manages your finances so they don’t manage you. And that equates to complete peace of mind. 
Our ApproachWe’re an independent, fee-only firm that provides investment advice – always in our clients’ best interests.
Our LatestDid you know? RGT is always active and engaged, whether we’re making the news or sharing it.













 




Back to team page







email
tbeeson@rgtadvisors.com





Tyler Beeson CFP®, CIMA®, CPWA®, MBA
Director


Tyler Beeson serves as a Director at RGT.  Tyler brings 17 years of wealth management experience and has expertise in investment management and financial planning. Prior to joining RGT, he spent 15 years at U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management and its predecessor firms the Bank of America Private Bank in Dallas and Montgomery Securities in San Francisco.
Tyler has been recognized in Barron’s Magazine as one of America’s “Best Bankers.” He was also recognized by D Magazine as one of the “Best Wealth Managers” in Dallas. He currently serves on the board of directors of the Interfaith Housing Coalition in Dallas and is Chairman of their annual charity golf tournament. He also is an active member of Highland Park United Methodist Church, coaches various sports teams through the Park Cities YMCA and volunteers as a member of many other charitable organizations in Dallas.
Tyler received his Bachelor of Business Administration majoring in Finance from the University of Arizona and his Master of Business Administration from Saint Mary’s College of California. He is a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ professional and holds the CIMA and CPWA designations.  Tyler completed the Foundations of Investment Management Program at the Stanford University Graduate School of Business, and is a member of the CFA Society of Dallas-Fort Worth and FPA Dallas.



email
tbeeson@rgtadvisors.com



































Our approach | RGT Wealth Advisors















































Client Login



 







Our TeamWe’re always strategic and we think outside the lines to bring our clients fresh ideas.
Our FocusRGT manages your finances so they don’t manage you. And that equates to complete peace of mind. 
Our ApproachWe’re an independent, fee-only firm that provides investment advice – always in our clients’ best interests.
Our LatestDid you know? RGT is always active and engaged, whether we’re making the news or sharing it.













 





Our main investment objective is to remain investment-objective.















The only investors we answer to are our clients. 
As a privately held advisory firm, RGT is unbiased. And that means we’re free to utilize only the very best options for your portfolio. In short, our independence helps us make our clients become more financially independent.  









We’re not just advisors. We’re your partners.  
 At RGT, we take a teamwork approach to wealth management. And you’re always a key part of that team. We collaborate across the firm and with you, working together to help achieve your goals. Our success is measured by yours.







Bringing it all together is what sets us apart. 
Our clients know they can count on RGT to handle their financial situation, safeguard their personal information, and streamline the entire process. We have the expertise to manage their portfolio and non-portfolio assets while ensuring they’re on track to realize their life’s dreams. It’s an encompassing relationship that builds trust and inspires confidence.











Confidentiality & Security


As a client of RGT, you share both personal and financial information with us. Your privacy is paramount and we are dedicated to safeguarding this information. For your protection, we maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards. Our Privacy Policy restricts the use of client information and requires that it be held in strictest confidence.








































Our team | RGT Wealth Advisors















































Client Login



 







Our TeamWe’re always strategic and we think outside the lines to bring our clients fresh ideas.
Our FocusRGT manages your finances so they don’t manage you. And that equates to complete peace of mind. 
Our ApproachWe’re an independent, fee-only firm that provides investment advice – always in our clients’ best interests.
Our LatestDid you know? RGT is always active and engaged, whether we’re making the news or sharing it.













 




Financial peace of mind. Brought to you by the best minds in the business.

















At RGT, we take our relationship with you very personally. So we don’t offer canned solutions. We’re passionate about helping you along the path to greater certainty. 


To accomplish that, our team members must be good listeners, skilled collaborators, and effective practitioners. Client relationships are the foundation of our firm, and we hope to earn your trust and the role of your advisor for years and generations to come.









At RGT, our Core Values guide every action we take as individuals and as a firm. They determine how we serve clients, reward and hire employees, and make strategic decisions.





We recognize client needs drive our business, and we’re motivated to exceed their expectations.

We are dedicated to our clients, enthusiastically working with them to pursue their financial goals.

With humility, we practice the principles of servant leadership.

We make time to mentor and develop our people.

We encourage community involvement and giving back.





As fiduciaries, we put our clients’ best interests ahead of our own.

We are ethical, honest, and worthy of the trust placed in us as individuals and as a firm.

We foster a work ethic that is thorough, responsible, accountable, loyal, and dependable.

We are intentional in words, actions, and choices, valuing and exercising strong judgment.

We seek to resolve conflict graciously and expeditiously.






Our business is built on collaborative relationships with our clients, employees, and professional networks.

We strive for mutual respect, open communication, and accountability.

We want each individual to feel involved, heard, and appreciated as an important member of our team.

We are supportive, positive, and caring, seeking to create an enjoyable work environment.

As stewards of the business, we put the greater good ahead of individual agendas.





We are an entrepreneurial community without institutional barriers, providing each person the opportunity to contribute and advance based on merit and unique personal ability.

We are disciplined and organized in our work.

We are innovative and take initiative.

We deliver on our promises.

We employ a results-driven approach in pursuit of our clients’ financial goals and our firm’s business objectives.





We seek dynamic opportunities that best position our clients, employees, and firm for future growth.

As we grow, we are committed to our entrepreneurial spirit.

We are purposeful in our hiring and initiatives.

We passionately strive to achieve our vision.

We have an organizational structure that supports the flow of our business as well as our capacity to execute.





We are focused and committed to excellence, maintaining high standards in all that we do.

We are intellectually curious and seek educational opportunities.

We respond to the requests of others in a timely manner.

We are aware of how we professionally represent the RGT brand.

We encourage involvement in professional organizations and contributions to our industry.





 





 The difference between RGT and other wealth advisors is our people. We are committed to serving you.













Our team




Managing Directors
Firm Management
Financial Planning
Investment Management
Operations







Ashley Blanchette





Charles E. Thoele





Chip Tardy





Colleen Affeldt





Greg Bone





Jeremy Hudson





Joanna Jadlow





Joe Nolan





John A. (Pete) Bricker, Jr.





Mark C. Griege





Mark McClanahan





Matt Krauss





Michael J. Shockley





Peter Lodwick





Tim Weber





Todd Amacher







Allison Brown





Amy Messer





Anne Hill





Ashley Blanchette





Charles E. Thoele





Charlie Brockenbush





Colleen Affeldt





Craig Cardwell





Desiree Hoffman





Jacob Garr





Jean Cross





Jessica Lambert





Joe Nolan





Lana Copeland





Mark C. Griege





Michael J. Shockley





Niki Clark





Pamela House





Peter Lodwick





Rick Staples





Susan Solberg







Adam Goldenberg





April Polocek





Brian M. Cloud





Carmen Germain





Frank Fairbanks





Jean Cross





Jeremy Hudson





Jessica Boghetich





Jo Ann Barnett





Joanna Jadlow





Joanna Lucas





Joe Nolan





Kelly Mills





Kelvin Murphy, Jr.





Krista Anderson





Mark McClanahan





Matt Covelli





Matthew Branch





Michael J. Shockley





Nancy Kleinman





Shannon Pope





Stacy Duesing





Stephanie Adams





Tanzy Waggoner





Todd Amacher





Tyler Beeson





Wes Hedrick







Becky Parsons





Brent Anderson





Charles E. Thoele





Chip Tardy





Christopher Rachfal





David Jeffery





Greg Bone





James Herr





John A. (Pete) Bricker, Jr.





Mary Elizabeth Guidry





Matt Krauss





Molly Laughter





Treva Burks







Chanze Wellington





David Zuniga





Erinn Lott





Jeffrey Royce





Katherine Chandler





LaKeitria McClelland





Laura Lee





Priti Aziz





Sean Kight





Thip Enzler






 



































Our latest | RGT Wealth Advisors















































Client Login



 







Our TeamWe’re always strategic and we think outside the lines to bring our clients fresh ideas.
Our FocusRGT manages your finances so they don’t manage you. And that equates to complete peace of mind. 
Our ApproachWe’re an independent, fee-only firm that provides investment advice – always in our clients’ best interests.
Our LatestDid you know? RGT is always active and engaged, whether we’re making the news or sharing it.













 




News of real interest.















News of real interest.











									Jul								

									14								



2Q2017 Commentary

by: Greg Bone, Managing Director
“The beat goes on, the beat goes on.” The Beat Goes On, Sonny and Cher
 
In March of this year we marked the 8-year anniversary of the market nadir caused by the financial crisis of 2008. To kick off the beginning of the ninth year of this bull market, stock and bond markets continued their march upward. Global equity markets, as measured by the MSCI ACWI Index, were up 4.25% in the…
Read post





									Jul								

									13								



2Q2017 Commentary Slides

by: RGT Investment Team
Click below to view our 2Q2017 Commentary Slides.
 
2Q2017 Commentary Slides
Read post





									Jul								

									11								



RGT Investment Perspectives Call – July 11, 2017

by: RGT Wealth Advisors
Click below to listen to a recording of our Investment Perspectives Quarterly Call.
 
Investment Perspectives Call
Read post





									Jul								

									7								



Factor-Based Investing

by: Chris Rachfal, CFA, RGT Wealth Advisors
What are factors?
 
Over the last several years, investors have been inundated with attempts to re-brand factor investing – “smart beta,” “strategic beta,” “engineered equity,” “beta plus,” etc. While the list of marketing-driven buzzwords continues to expand, they are all largely synonymous with factor investing. They each refer to investment strategies focused on syste…
Read post


















Archive 
July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
July 2016
April 2016
January 2016
December 2015
November 2015
October 2015
August 2015
July 2015






 

































