

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















RHEIDIANT LLC Houston TX, 77008 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Rheidiant LLC
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Rheidiant LLC



332 W 21st St

Houston,
							
							
							 TX
							
							
							 77008-2410
							
							 |  view map



www.rheidiant.com


						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

RHEIDIANT LLC in Houston, TX.  













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Ownership: Private
						
					

Year Founded:
						2014
					


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

Hammer & CO


Walbro


University of Alaska Fairbanks


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


RAM Enterprises Inc


Montgomery Marine Repair


Ideal Construction CO


Coats Electric CO Inc


Barnes & Noble








Community Payment Ratings
















								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Rheidiant LLC
Rate Rheidiant LLC on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Rheidiant LLC
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOGUE
VOLTAIRE
W & B TRUCKING INC
VOGT JAMES B MD
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VUDEN INC
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

GOODY 2 SHOES
CROSS COUNTY BANCSHARES INC
L & L MACHINE TOOL
JL LOPER CONSTRUCTION
POWERHOUSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY INC
AIR CONDITIONING SEC
WESTERN SUN SHUTTLE INC
SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION
ADVENT I LLC
CONTORNO INC

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

PANALPINA INC
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
AZURADISC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
STINGER WELDING INC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  
















Rheidiant, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:44 AM ET
Electronic Equipment, Instruments and Components

Company Overview of Rheidiant, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Rheidiant, LLC develops an integrity management system for the real-time monitoring of hazardous pipelines. Its device deployed on industrial pipelines to detect loss of integrity before the damage is caused by the spill. The company also provides a multi-platform cloud-based solution that offers application centric analytics tools, intuitive data visualization, and an executive dashboard. Rheidiant, LLC was founded in 2014 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.


410 Pierce StreetHouston, TX 77002United StatesFounded in 2014



www.rheidiant.com







Key Executives for Rheidiant, LLC


Rheidiant, LLC does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



Rheidiant, LLC Key Developments

Rheidiant, LLC Presents at CERAWeek 2017, Mar-08-2017 07:30 AM
Mar 4 17
Rheidiant, LLC Presents at CERAWeek 2017, Mar-08-2017 07:30 AM. Venue: Hilton Americas, Houston, Texas, United States. Speakers: Murat Ocalan, Founder & CEO.


Rheidiant, LLC Presents at 13th Annual Energy & Clean Technology Venture Forum, Sep-17-2015 01:10 PM
Sep 8 15
Rheidiant, LLC Presents at 13th Annual Energy & Clean Technology Venture Forum, Sep-17-2015 01:10 PM. Venue: McNair Hall, Rice University, Houston, TX 77005, United States.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 #1 Network, Inc. United States 10x Communications, Inc. United States 1450 Inc. United States 1st Choice Security Solutions, Inc. United States 20th Century Lites, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      October 14, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Rheidiant, LLC, please visit www.rheidiant.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























IC&S | Innovation Conference & Showcase









































Innovation Conference & Showcase






Brand
More





 Close






start up.stand out.








Conference
IC&S is where technology, modern business, and creativity converge. Bringing together innovative minds, speakers who think outside the box, and an exhibition and pitch competition by high tech startups with next gen technology. Connect with a diverse group of entrepreneurs, technologists, business leaders, industry executives, investors, and innovation experts.








Pitch Competition
The Innovation Conference & Showcase will host its first annual pitch competition for Texas-based startup entrepreneurs. Entrants gain valuable experience pitching in front of investors and compete for best in show awards.













Exhibition
The IC&S exhibition showcases a mix of high-tech startups in IT, life sciences, energy, transportation and aerospace industries as well as enabling technology in robotics, cybersecurity, big data and IIoT.
Have a great technology? Apply to be one of the tech exhibitors at the conference in front of over 600 key decision makers, entrepreneurs, technologists, and community members!
Contact Us to Apply






Details
Hyatt Regency Houston Downtown
1200 Louisiana St.Houston, TX 77002
October 5th 2017
10:30 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.












Sponsorship
A unique and highly visible event, IC&S provides the opportunity to support the community, foster entrepreneurship, accelerate emerging technology, and diversify our regional economy, while supporting the mission and vision of the Houston Technology Center.  Discover the great sponsorship opportunities available for the 2017 conference.






Contact
Have questions? Call us at 713-658-1750 or fill out the contact form below and we’ll get you rolling.





 


 


 

Submit














Rheidiant Inc. $300,000 Financing | Newest SEC Filings

















Newest Filings











Rheidiant Inc. $300,000 Financing
Rheidiant Inc. just submitted form D announcing $300,000 debt financing.  This is a new filing. Rheidiant Inc. was able to sell $50,000. That is 17% of the round of financing. The total private offering amount was $300,000. The financing was made by 1 investors. Minimal accepted investment was $50,000. The financing document was filed on 2016-10-18. Rheidiant Inc. is based in  332 W 21ST STREET  HOUSTON 77008. The firm's business is Oil and Gas. The firm's revenue range is Decline to Disclose. The form was signed by  Murat Ocalan.





SEC FORM D


The Securities and Exchange Commission has not necessarily reviewed the information in this filing and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.The reader should not assume that the information is accurate and complete.



UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549FORM DNotice of Exempt Offering of Securities


OMB APPROVAL


OMB Number:
3235-0076

Estimated average burden

hours per response:
4.00






1. Issuer's Identity


CIK (Filer ID Number)
Previous Names

X
None

Entity Type


0001687114




X
Corporation


  
Limited Partnership


  
Limited Liability Company


  
General Partnership


  
Business Trust


  
Other (Specify)





Name of Issuer
Rheidiant Inc.
Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization
TEXAS
Year of Incorporation/Organization


  
Over Five Years Ago


X
Within Last Five Years (Specify Year)
2016


  
Yet to Be Formed



2. Principal Place of Business and Contact Information

Name of Issuer
Rheidiant Inc.

Street Address 1
Street Address 2

332 W 21ST STREET

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode
Phone Number of Issuer


HOUSTON
TEXAS
77008
8323904928


3. Related Persons


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Ocalan
Murat


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

332 W 21st Street

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Houston
TEXAS
77008



Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
X
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):



Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Elbadawy
Hossam


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

23123 Isthmus Cove

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Katy
TEXAS
77494



Relationship:
  
Executive Officer
X
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):

4. Industry Group



  
Agriculture



Banking & Financial Services





  
Commercial Banking


  
Insurance


  
Investing


  
Investment Banking


  
Pooled Investment Fund







Is the issuer registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940? 




  
Yes
  
No



  
Other Banking & Financial Services




  
Business Services



Energy




  
Coal Mining





  
Electric Utilities





  
Energy Conservation





  
Environmental Services





X
Oil & Gas





  
Other Energy






Health Care




  
Biotechnology





  
Health Insurance





  
Hospitals & Physicians





  
Pharmaceuticals





  
Other Health Care



  
Manufacturing



Real Estate




  
Commercial





  
Construction





  
REITS & Finance





  
Residential





  
Other Real Estate





  
Retailing


  
Restaurants



Technology




  
Computers





  
Telecommunications





  
Other Technology




Travel




  
Airlines & Airports





  
Lodging & Conventions





  
Tourism & Travel Services





  
Other Travel



  
Other



5. Issuer Size










Revenue Range
OR
Aggregate Net Asset Value Range


  
No Revenues
  
No Aggregate Net Asset Value


  
$1 - $1,000,000
  
$1 - $5,000,000


  
$1,000,001 - $5,000,000
  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000


  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000
  
$25,000,001 - $50,000,000


  
$25,000,001 - $100,000,000
  
$50,000,001 - $100,000,000


  
Over $100,000,000
  
Over $100,000,000


X
Decline to Disclose
  
Decline to Disclose


  
Not Applicable
  
Not Applicable



6. Federal Exemption(s) and Exclusion(s) Claimed (select all that apply)



  
Rule 504(b)(1) (not (i), (ii) or (iii))


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(i)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(ii)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(iii)


  
Rule 505


X
Rule 506(b)


  
Rule 506(c)


  
Securities Act Section 4(a)(5)




  
Investment Company Act Section 3(c)


  
Section 3(c)(1)
  
Section 3(c)(9)  


  
Section 3(c)(2)
  
Section 3(c)(10)


  
Section 3(c)(3)
  
Section 3(c)(11)


  
Section 3(c)(4)
  
Section 3(c)(12)


  
Section 3(c)(5)
  
Section 3(c)(13)


  
Section 3(c)(6)
  
Section 3(c)(14)


  
Section 3(c)(7)



7. Type of Filing


X
New Notice

Date of First Sale
2016-10-14

  
First Sale Yet to Occur


  
Amendment


8. Duration of Offering

Does the Issuer intend this offering to last more than one year?


  
Yes
X
No


9. Type(s) of Securities Offered (select all that apply)









  
Equity
  
Pooled Investment Fund Interests


X
Debt
  
Tenant-in-Common Securities


X
Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Another Security
  
Mineral Property Securities


  
Security to be Acquired Upon Exercise of Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Security
  
Other (describe)







10. Business Combination Transaction

Is this offering being made in connection with a business combination transaction, such as a merger, acquisition or exchange offer?


  
Yes
X
No


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
11. Minimum Investment

Minimum investment accepted from any outside investor

$50,000

USD

12. Sales Compensation


Recipient

Recipient CRD Number
X
None




(Associated) Broker or Dealer
X
None


(Associated) Broker or Dealer CRD Number
X
None



Street Address 1
Street Address 2


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/Postal Code



State(s) of Solicitation (select all that apply)Check “All States” or check individual States
  
All States


  
Foreign/non-US



13. Offering and Sales Amounts


Total Offering Amount

$300,000

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Total Amount Sold

$50,000

USD


Total Remaining to be Sold

$250,000

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
14. Investors


  
Select if securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, and enter the number of such non-accredited investors who already have invested in the offering.




Regardless of whether securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, enter the total number of investors who already have invested in the offering:
1


15. Sales Commissions & Finder's Fees Expenses
Provide separately the amounts of sales commissions and finders fees expenses, if any. If the amount of an expenditure is not known, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.


Sales Commissions

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Finders' Fees

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
16. Use of Proceeds
Provide the amount of the gross proceeds of the offering that has been or is proposed to be used for payments to any of the persons required to be named as executive officers, directors or promoters in response to Item 3 above. If the amount is unknown, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.



$0

USD

X
Estimate


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Signature and Submission
Please verify the information you have entered and review the Terms of Submission below before signing and clicking SUBMIT below to file this notice.
Terms of Submission

In submitting this notice, each issuer named above is:

Notifying the SEC and/or each State in which this notice is filed of the offering of 
                    securities described and undertaking to furnish them, upon written request, in the accordance with applicable
                    law, the information furnished to offerees.*
Irrevocably appointing each of the Secretary of the SEC and, the Securities Administrator 
                    or other legally designated officer of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal 
                    place of business and any State in which this notice is filed, as its agents for service of 
                    process, and agreeing that these persons may accept service on its behalf, of any notice, 
                    process or pleading, and further agreeing that such service may be made by registered or 
                    certified mail, in any Federal or state action, administrative proceeding, or arbitration 
                    brought against it in any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, if the 
                    action, proceeding or arbitration (a) arises out of any activity in connection with the 
                    offering of securities that is the subject of this notice, and (b) is founded, directly or 
                    indirectly, upon the provisions of:  (i) the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange 
                    Act of 1934, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the 
                    Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or any rule or regulation under any of these statutes, or (ii) 
                    the laws of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal place of business or any State 
                    in which this notice is filed.
Certifying that, if the issuer is claiming a Regulation D exemption for the offering, the issuer is not disqualified from relying on Regulation D for one of the reasons stated in Rule 505(b)(2)(iii) or Rule 506(d).


Each Issuer identified above has read this notice, knows the contents to be true, and has duly caused this notice to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized person.
For signature, type in the signer's name or other letters or characters adopted or authorized as the signer's signature.


Issuer
Signature
Name of Signer
Title
Date


Rheidiant Inc.
\s\ Murat Ocalan
Murat Ocalan, PhD
President and CEO
2016-10-18


Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB number.
* This undertaking does not affect any limits Section 102(a) of the National Securities Markets
        Improvement Act of 1996 ("NSMIA") [Pub. L. No. 104-290, 110 Stat. 3416 (Oct. 11, 1996)] imposes on the ability of States to
        require information. As a result, if the securities that are the subject of this Form D are "covered securities" for purposes 
        of NSMIA, whether in all instances or due to the nature of the offering that is the subject of this Form D, States cannot
        routinely require offering materials under this undertaking or otherwise and can require offering materials only to the
        extent NSMIA permits them to do so under NSMIA's preservation of their anti-fraud authority.




Rheidiant Inc. Financing

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-10-18New Form D$300,000$50,000$250,000$50,000106b[view]
Rheidiant Inc. List of ExecutivesHossam Elbadawy, Murat Ocalan











Last visited: RK Mine Finance Fund II LP, RKS Capital, LP, RLJ Credit Opportunity Fund I, L.P., RMI Flower Mound Investors II, LLC, RMK Global Timberland Resources Fund (U.S.), LLC

								© 
							



















Rheidiant























Turning data into action


Learn more






With the right deployment, Industrial Internet of Things can unlock business value, improve safety and help companies fulfill their social responsibilities.





Manage integrity
Locate leaks before they turn into big spills


optimize productivity
Optimize process control and avoid unscheduled down time

 


health and safety
Identify non-conformances and respond to emergencies


operational visibility
Capture today’s solutions to sustain operational excellence


 
 









Real-time monitoring with the Smart Sign Integrity Management System
Offers a unique solution on legacy and new construction hazardous pipelines. Our devices deployed on the pipeline right of way detect loss of integrity before the the damage is caused by the spill.












Deploy with ease in the field…
Our universal wireless nodes are compatible with many process control sensors. Whether in a new deployment or a retrofit, real-time monitoring is a straightforward implementation.





Deploy with ease in the field…
Our universal wireless nodes are compatible with many process control sensors. Whether the application is a new deployment or a retrofit in brownfield real-time monitoring is a straightforward implementation.












… and at the office.
Multi-platform cloud-based solution accessible through web, phone or tablet. Application centric analytics tools, intuitive data visualization and executive dashboard.










 




 
 
 



Interested in learning more?
Rheidiant is deploying strategic pilot programs across many industrial applications. To see if we can help, contact us at info@rheidiant.com
Rheidiant, Inc.
              410 Pierce Street
            Houston, TX 77002 


























Privacy policy





 © 2015-2017 Rheidiant, Inc. All rights reserved. Ensemble logo CC BY/Fairpixels. Smart Sign, and Ensemble are trademarks of Rheidiant, Inc.














Rheidiant  :: Company Profile :: Lux Research






























Toggle navigation





MENU








Companies
Technologies
Markets
Charts




Sign In












Company Profile: Rheidiant
Real-time monitoring for hazardous pipelines

This company profile is available to members of:

Energy Transition
Exploration and Production






Login to View This Research


Already a Lux Client?
Sign In


Not a Lux Client?
Talk to Lux Research now and learn the benefits of becoming a member.
Have Lux Research Call You 







Lux Research

Helps clients find new business opportunities from emerging technologies in the physical and life sciences
Offers ongoing technology and market intelligence, as well as market data and consulting services
Now serves over 250 clients on six continents – multinational corporations, investors, governments, and SMEs
Has a Global reach, with offices in Boston, New York, Amsterdam, Singapore, Shanghai, and Tokyo
Combines deep technical expertise with business analysis to support strategic decisions

Or call us now
For North America (Boston Headquarters)
              +1 (617) 502-5300
For EMEA (Amsterdam)
              +31 (0) 20-3460840
For APAC (Singapore)
              +65 6592-6978









 



AdaptiveWell Technologies Named Most Promising Energy & Clean Technology Company at Rice Alliance Energy & Clean Technology Venture Forum | Business Wire
























































AdaptiveWell Technologies Named Most Promising Energy & Clean 
      Technology Company at Rice Alliance Energy & Clean Technology Venture 
      Forum






September 22, 2015 03:31 PM Eastern Daylight Time



SAN JUAN CAPISTRANO, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The Rice Alliance for Technology and Entrepreneurship (Rice Alliance) 
      announced the 10 Most Promising Energy & Clean Technology Venture 
      Companies at the 13th Annual Energy & Clean Technology Venture Forum in 
      Houston last week. Energy & Clean Technology companies showcased their 
      new offerings at the largest venture capital conference in the Southwest 
      with 500 attendees, including investors, venture capitalists, industry 
      representatives, business leaders, service providers, and entrepreneurs.
    


      The one-day event culminated in an announcement of the 10 Most Promising 
      Energy & Clean Technology Venture Companies chosen from 60 presenters 
      and judged by the Rice Alliance Energy & Clean Technology industry 
      experts and interest generated from participating investors.
    

      Five of the ten most promising companies are based in the Houston area: 
      Amros; Big Delta Systems; MicroSilicon, Inc.; Rheidiant; and Viper 
      Drill. The other five companies represented diverse regions, including: 
      AdaptiveWell Technologies from San Juan Capistrano, California; 
      Intelligent Dots from Georgia; Fracture ID, Denver, CO; GroundMetrics, 
      San Diego, CA; and VUV Analytics from Cedar Park, TX. The announcement 
      of the top companies was made at the end of the program by Karen Love of 
      PKF.
    

      “Every year the quality of companies improves,” said Rice Alliance 
      managing director Brad Burke, who presided over the announcement of the 
      winners of the Energy & Clean Technology Venture awards at the event. 
      “Over the past 13 years, more than 1,700 companies have presented at 
      Rice Alliance Technology Venture Forums. These companies have raised 
      more than $2.1 billion in funding. This speaks to the quality of the 
      companies and to the robust entrepreneurial ecosystem of investors that 
      has been developed to support these companies. Despite the challenging 
      economic environment over the past several years, good companies have 
      been able to attract investors.”
    

      AdaptiveWell was named one of the Energy & Clean Technology Venture 
      Companies at the forum. AdaptiveWell developed a unique 
      scenario-planning platform that connects the dots between Big Data and 
      real-time automated analytics to give Oil & Gas operators a better way 
      to optimize their capital and operations under all economic conditions.
    

      Benjamin Decio, CEO, AdaptiveWell – “The Rice Alliance Forum provided 
      AdaptiveWell with the unique opportunity to present our company, share 
      the scope of the problem AdaptiveWell is solving, and how we impact our 
      Operator clients in front of many of the most relevant Oil & Gas 
      Companies and Investors in the industry. We were very pleased with 
      future client, partnership, and investment opportunities made available 
      to AdaptiveWell during the Forum that will aid our Seed B investment 
      round and Operator pilot projects.”
    

      The Forum was supported by BP, Chevron, Shell, Wells Fargo, 
      ConocoPhillips, Energy Ventures, Baker Hughes, FMC Technologies, GE, 
      OTM, Saudi Aramco, Statoil, Technip, Total, Andrews Kurth, Norton Rose 
      Fulbright, Altira, Lime Rock Partners, Comerica, Leyendecker and 
      Associates, Winstead, PKF Texas, and Insperity, with 
      supporting organizations Greater Houston Partnership, and Opportunity 
      SURGE Ventures, Village Capital, Energy Valley, Inc. Houston Angel 
      Network and media sponsors Houston Business Journal and EnergyMakers 
      Radio Show.
    

About AdaptiveWell:
    

      AdaptiveWell solves the problem of cross-functional, optimal basin-level 
      development and portfolio planning. By crossing the chasm between 
      subsurface simulations and operational IT we enable our customers to 
      specify, analyze and choose from multiple well placement, spacing and 
      completion scenarios with full transparency on a number of expected KPIs 
      including costs, production, and risk.
    

      AdaptiveWell provides a unique upstream specific Big Data platform and 
      decision support system that combines first-principle, operational and 
      financial data in a proprietary and state-of-the-art optimization and 
      machine-learning environment. By tracking historical planning as well as 
      performance data and incorporating additional 3rd party data sources, 
      AdaptiveWell precisely forecasts prospective, scenario outcomes.
    

      Through its Integrated Planning and Performance Tracking solution, 
      AdaptiveWell delivers precise and actionable scenario recommendations 
      that result in expected 5-20% cost savings for surface operations, 
      10-20% lower cycle times, and significantly raises capital efficiency 
      due to integrated surface-subsurface field layouts as well as optimized 
      completion operations.
    






Contacts

      AdaptiveWellChoo Kim-Isgitt, 949-373-9640choo@frostdatacapital.com




















Contacts

      AdaptiveWellChoo Kim-Isgitt, 949-373-9640choo@frostdatacapital.com









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up





















Rheidiant | Lux Research























Skip to main content









 











Research ProductsConsultingRapid AssessmentRetained IntelligenceCorporate Strategic IntelligenceCorporate Venture CapitalMarket TrackingMethodologyResearch MembershipCoverage AreasAdvanced MaterialsAgro InnovationAlternative FuelsAutonomous Systems 2.0Bio-based Materials and ChemicalsDigital Health and WellnessDistributed GenerationElectronic User InterfacesEnergy StorageExploration and ProductionFood and NutritionFuture PlatformsIndustrial Big Data and AnalyticsIndustrial Internet of ThingsMaterials Design and ManufacturingSensorsSolarWaterWearable ElectronicsNews & EventsPress ReleasesIn the NewsAnalyst Speaking EngagementsLux Executive Summit AmericasLux Executive Summit AsiaLux Executive Summit EuropeBlogPodcastsVideosWebinarsAbout UsWhy Lux ResearchExecutive ManagementResearch ManagementContact UsCareersView Open PositionsMember Login 

 










Search form

Search 





 

 
 




Rheidiant 










Real-time monitoring for hazardous pipelines


    Blog Category  

Recently Profiled 

    Coverage Area  

Exploration and Production 

    Feed URL  

https://portal.luxresearchinc.com/research/briefing/21164 




 

 




Recently Published




Primus Green Energy

Catalytic conversion of syngas to methanol and gasoline

Jul 25, 2017 

SAFCell

Fuel cells for remote power production

Jul 20, 2017 

AMROS Corporation

Production profiles generated using standard well log data

Jul 20, 2017 

Halliburton acquires Summit ESP as acquisitions heat up in artificial lift

On July 5, 2017, Halliburton announced the acquisition of Summit ESP to strengthen and expand its position in the artificial lift business in North America. The move concludes the company’s first...

Jul 20, 2017 

The Coming Tectonic Shift in Oil and Petrochemicals

STATE OF THE MARKET REPORT:

Jul 20, 2017 

 



Latest Blog Post




The Landscape Is Changing for Oil & Gas Corporate Venturing Groups, but Value Can Be Found    
          Mar 13, 2016    

 

 
 

  



 








Rheidiant - Houston Technology Center






















































































Skip to content








Search for:





 
Contact HTC
Support HTC
 















Rheidiant
Rheidiant is developing a real-time monitoring solution, bringing Internet of Things connectivity to hard to access assets of oil and gas operators. Its Smart Sign™ integrity management system is a unique service that allows operators to spot previously undetectable leaks on their pipelines before they turn into large environmental spills. The system’s trenchless deployment and wireless connectivity make it the only cost-effective solution for aging assets with the highest risk of incidents. The technology was recently tested by a third-party research facility at full-scale, validating its capability of detecting small leaks from a distance.
Rheidiant is currently partnering with a leading pipeline operator to deploy its devices on a major interstate crude oil pipeline.
Murat Ocalan
info@rheidiant.com
Visit Rheidiant

Back to the Client Directory




 
 






Four Locations. ONE HTC.




HTC Main
		410 Pierce Street
		Houston, TX 77002 
		Voice: (713) 658-1750


HTC South
		2101 NASA Parkway 
		Houston, TX 77058



HTC North
		8801 Gosling Road 
		The Woodlands, TX 77381


HTC West
		Republic Square
13501 Katy Freeway
Houston, TX 77079









Home
Contact HTC
Privacy
Make a Payment








 Facebook
 LinkedIn
 Twitter
 Google+
 YouTube

















