
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017













 





Mary K Rhinehart - Denver, CO | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Mary K Rhinehart in Denver, CO


Mary K Rhinehart

                                                                        Intelius found that Mary K Rhinehart  from Denver, CO.  We have connected them to
                5 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 0 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Mary Has Lived In

Denver, CO
Englewood, CO







Mary K Rhinehart



Professional Status
Chief Financial Officer at Johns Manville Corporation



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Mary? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Mary, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Mary K Rhinehart
Get a Criminal Check on Mary K Rhinehart
Get a Public Record Report on Mary K Rhinehart
Get a People Search Report on Mary K Rhinehart


Mary K Rhinehart's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Mary K Rhinehart has lived as well as Mary K Rhinehart's phone numbers and email addresses.




Mary K Rhinehart Has Lived in 1 States
Colorado Address for Mary K Rhinehart


717 1*** S* 

Denver, CO


Has Lived In

Denver, CO
Englewood, CO


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Mary K Rhinehart

(303) ***-**** - Denver, CO 
(303) ***-**** - Englewood, CO 
(303) ***-**** - Denver, CO 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Mary K Rhinehart

r********m@***.com
m************t@***.com
m***r@***.com


Get Email Report




Mary K Rhinehart's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Mary K Rhinehart's academic history.  Find out which schools Mary K Rhinehart attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Mary K Rhinehart received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Mary K Rhinehart Has Attended 5 Schools
University of Denver - Daniels College of Business 1997 – 1998               Mary K Rhinehart has a MBA in Business               
University of Denver - Daniels College of Business               1997 – 1998               Mary K Rhinehart has a MBA, Business in Business               
University of Colorado Boulder - Leeds School of Business               1976 – 1980               Mary K Rhinehart has a Bs in Finance               
University of Colorado Boulder - Leeds School of Business               1976 – 1980               Mary K Rhinehart has a Bs, Finance in Finance               
University of Colorado at Boulder - Leeds School of Business               1976 – 1980               Mary K Rhinehart has a Bs in Finance               


Mary K Rhinehart's Professional Information
Information regarding Mary K Rhinehart's professional history.  Find out previous places Mary K Rhinehart has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Mary K Rhinehart Has Worked at 22 Places
Company: Johns Manville Corporation
               Title: Chief Financial Officer
Company: Johns Manville Corporation
               Title: President Chief Executive Officer
Mary K Rhinehart's Experience
Title: Chief Financial Officer
               Company: Johns Manville Corporation
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 100,000 and above
Title: President Chief Executive Officer
               Company: Johns Manville Corporation
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Mary K Rhinehart

 See Mary K Rhinehart's LinkedIn Profile



Mary K Rhinehart's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Mary K Rhinehart


Mary K Rhinehart's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Mary K Rhinehart's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Mary Rhinehart
Username Matches

                  MaryRhinehart
                  RhinehartMary
                  Mary.Rhinehart
                  Rhinehart.Mary
                  Mary_Rhinehart
                  Rhinehart_Mary
                  Mary-Rhinehart
                  Rhinehart-Mary
                  MRhinehart
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
M Rhinehart







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Mary K. Rhinehart - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Mary K. Rhinehart
Board Member at CoBiz Financial Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Mary K. Rhinehart? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Mary K. Rhinehart's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Mary K. Rhinehart's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Mary K. Rhinehart's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Mary K. Rhinehart through your network of contacts.
												








Mary K. Rhinehart's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Ply Gem Holdings, Inc


Board Member, 
CoBiz Financial Inc.


Past
To view Mary K. Rhinehart's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 Bachelor's, 
															University of Colorado at Boulder


														 M.B.A., 
															University of Denver


Age
58

 
 


Mary K. Rhinehart's Biography



Mary K. Rhinehart was elected to our Board of Directors in May 2014. Ms. Rhinehart is Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Johns Manville, a manufacturer and marketer of building and specialty products and a Berkshire Hathaway company. She was named President and Chief Executive Officer in November 2012, and added Chairman to her title in October 2014. She joined Johns Manville in 1979, and has held numerous leadership roles in most of Johns Manville's businesses, including Chief Financial Officer, Corporate Treasurer, Corporate Controller, Vice President of Human Resources and Vice President and General Manager of a business un ...
(Read More)

			Mary K. Rhinehart was elected to our Board of Directors in May 2014. Ms. Rhinehart is Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Johns Manville, a manufacturer and marketer of building and specialty products and a Berkshire Hathaway company. She was named President and Chief Executive Officer in November 2012, and added Chairman to her title in October 2014. She joined Johns Manville in 1979, and has held numerous leadership roles in most of Johns Manville's businesses, including Chief Financial Officer, Corporate Treasurer, Corporate Controller, Vice President of Human Resources and Vice President and General Manager of a business unit. Ms. Rhinehart currently serves as a director of CoBiz Financial Inc., a financial services company, where she serves as chair of the audit committee. She also serves as a director of the University of Colorado Health Systems, where she serves as a member of the audit committee and chair of the finance committee. She is also a member of the Executive Committee of Harvard University's Joint Center for Housing Studies. Ms. Rhinehart received a BS degree in Business cum laude from the University of Colorado at Boulder, and a MBA from the University of Denver. Ms. Rhinehart is 58 years of age.

Ms. Rhinehart has extensive experience as a financial expert, having served as the Chief Financial Officer of Johns Manville for several years. Ms. Rhinehart's experience in her various positions in the building and specialty products industry, her education and experience in multiple business disciplines - including her strong financial background, global mergers and acquisitions experience, and her extensive board experience - provides the Board with relevant industry knowledge and experience to contribute to financial reporting considerations as well as evaluating certain strategic decisions.
		
Source: Ply Gem Holdings, Inc on 03/10/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Mary K. Rhinehart's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Mary K. Rhinehart. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Mary K. Rhinehart's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Mary K. Rhinehart's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Mary K. Rhinehart through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Mary K. Rhinehart


















Mary K. Rhinehart's Connections (40)





Sign up now to view Mary K. Rhinehart's 40 connections »









Steven Bangert
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, CoBiz Financial Inc.









N. Bruce Callow
Former Executive Vice President and Director of Wealth Management, CoBiz Financial Inc.









Janice E. Stipp
Vice President, Finance, Chief Financial Officer, Corporate Treasurer and Chief Accounting Officer, Rogers Corporation









Michael G. Hutchinson
Board Member, Westmoreland Coal Company









John C. Wayne
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Ply Gem Holdings, Inc









John G. Forbes
Former Board Member, Ply Gem Holdings, Inc









Jeffrey T. Barber
Board Member, SciQuest, Inc.









Evan Makovsky
Former Board Member, CoBiz Financial Inc.









Mary B. Vitale
Board Member, CoBiz Financial Inc.









Jonathan C. Lorenz
Former Executive Vice President and Chairman, Cobiz Bank, CoBiz Financial Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















Mary K. Rhinehart: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:45 AM ET
Diversified Financial Services

Company Overview of Berkshire Hathaway Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Mary K. Rhinehart  Chief Executive Officer of Johns Manville and President of Johns Manville , Berkshire Hathaway Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 5 Board Members in 5 different organizations across 6 different industries.See Board Relationships58--
Background

		Ms. Mary K. Rhinehart has been the Chief Executive Officer and President of Johns Manville Corporation since November 13, 2012. Ms. Rhinehart is an Officer of the Johns Manville Fund, a Non-profit Philanthropic organization. She served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Johns Manville Corporation from April 2004 to November 13, 2012. She has extensive experience as a financial expert. She began her career with Johns Manville Corporation in 1979 and ... served in a wide variety of assignments, including Chief Financial Officer, Corporate Controller, Director of Finance and Administration, Vice President & General Manager of the OEM Insulations division; Vice President of Compensation, Benefits and Human Resources; Corporate Controller and Treasurer. She served as Vice President of Finance and Administration of the Engineered Products Group. Ms. Rhinehart has been Chairman and Director of Johns Manville Corporation since October 30, 2014. She served as Chairman of Craig Hospital. She has been an Independent Director of Ply Gem Holdings, Inc since May 2014. Ms. Rhinehart has been an Independent Director of CoBiz Financial Inc. since August 2008. She serves as a Director of Ply Gem Industries, Inc and University of Colorado Health. She served as Member of the Colorado International Women's Forum, Craig Hospital, Denver Metro Chamber of Commerce and Kempe Children's Foundation. Ms. Rhinehart has a Bachelor's degree in Finance from the University of Colorado in 1980 and an MBA Degree from University of Denver in 1998.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
3555 Farnam StreetOmaha, Nebraska 68131United StatesPhone: 402-346-1400Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorPly Gem Industries, Inc.DirectorUniversity of Colorado Health2008-PresentIndependent DirectorCoBiz Financial Inc.2014-PresentChairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentJohns Manville Corporation2014-PresentIndependent DirectorPly Gem Holdings, Inc
Education
Bachelor's Degree 1980University of Colorado–BoulderMBA 1998University of Denver
Other Affiliations
Johns Manville CorporationPly Gem Industries, Inc.CoBiz Financial Inc.University of Colorado–BoulderUniversity of DenverUniversity of Colorado HealthPly Gem Holdings, Inc


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationDavid S. Taylor Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentThe Procter & Gamble Company$3.9MW. Craig Jelinek Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorCostco Wholesale Corporation$781.6KStephen J. Hemsley Chief Executive Officer and Executive DirectorUnitedHealth Group Incorporated$1.3MCraig A. Menear Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentThe Home Depot, Inc.$1.3MTimothy J. Sloan Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorWells Fargo & Company$2.3MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Berkshire Hathaway Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











AMBER RINEHART MARY KAY CONSULTNAT - CHARLOTTE, MI - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MI



CHARLOTTE



Business Consulting, Nec



Business Consulting, Nec



                            AMBER RINEHART MARY KAY CONSULTNAT
                                    



 





















A 


AMBER RINEHART MARY KAY CONSULTNAT
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



4926 ISLAND HWY CHARLOTTE, MI 48813
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2011
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $42,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Consulting, Nec
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2011 the company has been providing Business Consulting, Nec. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







A

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.






































coloradoforum - Mary Rhinehart, President and Chief Executive Offi














About Us




Our Focus




Fiscal Policy (Colorado & U.S.)




Education




Healthcare




Energy




Transportation




Water




Immigration Reform








Members




Directory




Forum Staff




Members Emeritus




Member Login








Colorado Forum Fund




Contact Us




Home











About Us




Our Focus




Fiscal Policy (Colorado & U.S.)




Education




Healthcare




Energy




Transportation




Water




Immigration Reform








Members




Directory




Forum Staff




Members Emeritus




Member Login








Colorado Forum Fund




Contact Us




Home







Top



About Us




Our Focus




Fiscal Policy (Colorado & U.S.)




Education




Healthcare




Energy




Transportation




Water




Immigration Reform








Members




Directory




Forum Staff




Members Emeritus




Member Login








Colorado Forum Fund




Contact Us




Home







A MESSAGE FROM GAIL KLAPPERMEMBER/DIRECTOR 
We are very privileged to live in Colorado and members of the Colorado Forum care deeply about the future of our State.  The Colorado Forum was formed in 1978 with a diverse membership of business and civic leaders who work to achieve good public policy results for Colorado. The Forum has a long history of positive engagement on issues of importance to the State and because the Forum has no term limits, our consistency of purpose allows us to address issues for as long as it takes to make important change happen. More >







OUR FOCUS
Fiscal Policy (Colorado and U.S.)EducationHealthcareEnergyTransportationWaterImmigration
 




Mary K. Rhinehart
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer,Johns Manville (A Berkshire Hathaway Company)
 
Mary Rhinehart is Chairman, President and CEO of Johns Manville (JM), a global manufacturer of premium building materials and engineered products. Prior to becoming CEO, Mary was CFO of JM with responsibility for all financial elements of the organization as well as global supply chain. Since joining JM in 1979, she has held leadership roles in international and domestic banking, human resources, global treasury and strategic business development, and has had management and bottom-line responsibility for several of JM’s business units. Mary takes great pride in giving back to the community; she has been pivotal in the growth of JM’s corporate philanthropy program. She also serves on several boards including University of Colorado Health Systems, CoBiz Financial and Ply Gem Industries Inc. Mary is on the Executive Committee for the Policy Advisory Board of the Harvard Joint Center for Housing Studies, a member of the International Women’s Forum, The Colorado Forum, C200, The Leadership Investment, the Boy Scouts of Colorado, and has been honored with several prestigious recognitions, both professionally and as a community leader.  In 2014, she received the Alumni Service Award from the Leeds School of Business at the University of Colorado; in 2011, Mary was named Woman of the Year by Women’s Vision Foundation; in 2008, she was named CFO of the Year by the Denver Business Journal; and she was celebrated by the Girl Scouts Foundation as one of their Women of Distinction. Mary is a former Chairman of the Board at Craig Hospital, and a former board member of the Denver Chamber of Commerce, Kempe Children’s Foundation, and the University of Denver’s Daniels College of Business Executive Advisory Board.  

A native of Wichita, Kansas, Mary earned a B.S. degree in finance cum laude from the University of Colorado at Boulder, and an M.B.A. from the University of Denver.

 
 
 
 

Contact: 303.825.1211 • 511 16th Street, Suite 210, Denver, Colorado 80202 
Copyright © 2014, Colorado Forum.  All rights reserved. Admin Login

 










Mary Kay | Official Site



 




















Menu








0
 





About Mary Kay 
Satisfaction Guarantee 




español




















Find an Independent Beauty Consultant 
 



Bag (0) item(s)



0 in your Bag
X








Your bag is currently empty empty

Shop for products you like







How it works
Mary Kay products are available for purchase exclusively through Independent Beauty Consultants.


Buy Online with a Beauty Consultant































 
Unmask Your Natural Beauty.
NEW! Clear Proof® Deep-Cleansing Charcoal Mask
LEARN MORE

 

 
We ♡ Changing Lives
NEW Limited-Edition† Beauty That Counts® Baked Cheek Powder
JOIN US

 

 
Pamper Yourself!
Now available separately for a limited time!
LEARN MORE

 

 
Mary Kay Skin CARE
There’s a skin care regimen for you and your needs.
FIND IT NOW

 
















Connect With a Beauty Consultant Today
 


Products You Want, Service You Deserve


Buy exclusively through Independent Beauty Consultants
Experience personal service and custom recommendations
Look your best with advice from your very own Beauty Consultant


Find Your Beauty Consultant




Shop When You Want, How You Want


You control your beauty experience
Shop online, over the phone, via email or one-on-one with your Beauty Consultant
Enjoy convenient product delivery to your home or office


Find Out How













 
TimeWise Repair® Volu-firm® Set

LEARN MORE

 

 
Which Foundation Is Right for You?

FIND OUT NOW

 

 
TimeWise® Age-Fighting Lip Primer


LEARN MORE

 

 
Lash Intensity® Mascara

LEARN MORE

 













 
TimeWise® Miracle Set®
Discover it Now  
 



 
Be a Sun-Smart Beauty.
Learn How  
 



 
Mary Kay® Best-Sellers!
Learn More  
 



 
Mary Kay® 
eCatalogs
Explore Now  
 










 
Hot New Trend: Multimasking!

LEARN MORE

 











×



















x

                    We use cookies and other similar tools to help you discover what you love about Mary Kay. By continuing to use this site, you consent to the use of cookies on your device unless you have disabled them. You can change your cookie settings using the controls on your web browser at any time, but parts of our site may not function correctly without them. (Click To Close)
                














	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































