





Other Products – Paula's Purple Rice


























































Skip to content


Paula's Purple Rice
More Energy, Less Pain, Revitalized Living with Micronized Purple Rice












Other Products 



BECOME A PREFERRED CUSTOMER: These products available only after ordering your Micronized Purple Rice Welcome Pack
Availability of  Products varies in countries other than the USA, unless using a USA Trans-shipping address to ship to your country. Contact me if you have any questions.
It is a good idea to research the Customs and Import laws of your own country.
Rebuild – Micronized Brown Rice + Spirulina – Special Promotions & Combos 
2 Brown Rice Powder    $130 
2 Brown Rice Capsules  $130
1 Brown Rice Powder + 1 Purple Rice Powder                                               $130
1 Brown Rice Powder + 1 Purple Rice Capsules                                             $130
Nutrition. It is the cornerstone of your health. It can affect how you feel, and determine how you live. Micronized Brown Rice is created from select rice grains from deep within the Siam Valley of Thailand. Harvested at its optimum age using sophisticated proprietary technology, it contains polysaccarides, polypeptides and other essential nutrients.
This select rice formula is then fortified with a natural spirulina powder that is harvested from pristine Pacific Ocean waters, and is a uniques source of trace minerals, B vitamins and other nutrients. Together, this blend provides the necessary energy for cells to accomplish their daily tasks. It’s your life… start Rebuilding it!
Energy – Concentrated Water Catalyst

Energy (4oz bottle) $16.00
Energy (8oz bottle) $26.00
CASE of Energy –  (12) 4oz bottles $160.00
CASE of Energy – (6) 8oz bottles $130.00
A liquid formula made of natural elements, designed to change the surface tension of regular water by serving as a catalyst that transforms normal water into a strong cell-hydrating supplement.
Benefits: Improves the body’s natural processes by helping it deliver nutrients, detoxify cells and increase the oxygen levels in the body. It helps keep the body in optimal condition, giving you more energy, well-being and the hydration you need.
Recharge – Vitamin B-12 Supplement
B-12 (30 Tablets) $25.00
B-12 (90 Tablets) $55.00
This vitamin B-12 supplement was developed using a unique technology that allows it to be absorbed directly into the bloodstream in the form of a sublingual tablet.
Benefits: Good for adults of all ages, it helps with memory retention and keeping the nervous system healthy. It helps in the production of red blood cells that give energy and strength to carry out your day-to-day activities.
Fortify – Humic and Fulvic Acid Supplement
30 Capsules 1 $40.00
90 Capsules $90.00
180 Capsules $140.00
Humic and Fulvic acid are humic substances formed by the microbial decomposition of dead plant matter. This, over many years, becomes a fertile and rich source of minerals and nutrients that is readily absorbed into the roots of plants. Because of the excessive use of fertilizers and pesticides, our soil is becoming depleted of humic substances meaning that much of the vegetables we eat today are deficient in vital minerals and nutrients.
This supplement is a humic and fulvic acid dietary supplement with ingredients that are safe and quality oriented. Provide your body with proper maintenance so it will keep performing at its best.
Benefits: helps with the absorption of essential nutrients, strengthens the immune system, helps the body to recuperate, and detoxifies heavy metals and other toxins. helps the body to protect itself from viruses.
Adapt – Anti-Stress Drink (32oz) $50.00
CASE of Adapt Drink (4) 32 oz bottles $150.00
A natural product that contains high quality adaptogens plus antioxidants from three superfruits: Acai berries, California pomegranate and prickly pear from Sonora. A high quality and great tasting drink that can help you “adapt” to changes in your life.
Benefits: An anti-stress supplement that helps counteract the damaging effects of stress, fatigue, pollution and aging to help you reach a mental and physical balance for a longer and healthier life.


 Skin Care Specials
1 Facial Serum, 1 Toner and 1 Cleanser TRIO $150.00
This 3 piece special promotion is available only after the purchase of a Welcome Pack


Facial Serum $90.00
CASE of Serum (6) $450.00
A Facial Serum that fights the effects of glycation deep within the layers of the skin. Key ingredients make up this unique anti-glycation formula and are combined with our specialized rice. The result: a product that can slow down the aging process and reverse damage to collagen and elastin caused by glycation.
Benefits: works on all skin types including young, mature, male, female, and sensitive skin. It slows down the aging process resulting in skin that is noticeably firmer and healthier with less fine lines and wrinkles. Now the benefits of rice are helping on the outside too!
Facial Toner $45.00
CASE of Toner (6) $225.00
Peptide Toner is formulated to stimulate, tone and rehydrate your skin after cleansing. Key ingredients include an essential mineral, rich in copper to increase collagen and elastin synthesis, a special botanical blend that helps soothe and moisturize as well as peptides that inhibit the formation of wrinkles and lessen the appearance of deep expression lines.
Benefits: When used daily, your skin will look visibly younger, more supple and more toned. It prepares your skin for the application of your facial serum so that it will be absorbed more efficiently. Peptide Toner and Facial Serum work best together to make a more perfect you.
Facial Cleanser $35.00
CASE of Cleanser (6) $150.00
A luxurious and creamy cleanser formulated to safely remove dirt, makeup and environmental impurities without removing the natural oils of the skin and cause skin-aging oxidation and irritation. Its gentle ingredients help to attract and lock in moisture and provide a barrier to help keep harmful chemicals out.
Benefits: The use of Facial Cleanser is important for men and women, because it helps to remove excess oil and dirt that your skin accumulated during the day and throughout the night. Your skin will breathe better and be better prepared to get the maximum benefits out of the other steps in your skin care regimen.

Pet Formula Rice Blend

Pet Formula – 60 gr bag $30.00
Pet Formula – 225 gr bag $90.00
Pet Formula – CASE of 60g (12 bags) $300.00
Pet Formula – CASE of 225g (6 bags) $450.00
A version of our exclusive rice mix, specially formulated to enhance the health and needs of all types of animals. It is processed using Bio-Ready technology, which allows essential nutrients, vitamins and minerals to be more easily absorbed. Free of pesticides, preservatives and other harmful chemicals.
Benefits: A food supplement for your healthy pets as well as those with health concerns. Provides your pet’s body with the energy it needs to get rid of toxins and residues. Increases energy levels and the performance of your pets, and helps them to recover more rapidly from illness and injury.
FAQ’s About Pet Formula

What types animals can consume the PET FORMULA?
The variety of animals that can safely consume the product is quite large. It is not just limited to dogs and cats. Young, old, small and large animals such as horses and farm animals can also benefit from the product.

What is the proper dosage?
The dosage is based on the weight of the animal. The recommended dosage per day is ¼ teaspoon for every 20 lbs. of the animal’s weight. If the animal, such as a horse or large farm animal, weighs over 100 lbs., the dosage is 2 teaspoons. If the animal is in poor health, the corresponding dose can be given up to 3 time a day.

How is it administered?
The product is to be given orally. It is recommended you mix it with the animals food at mealtime.

What is the difference between the animal supplement and the supplement for humans?
The specific rice combination and the polysaccharide peptides in the PET FORMULA is strictly designed to benefit animals and does not meet the requirements for human consumption.

Are there side effects?
In general, animals easily tolerate foods made from rice. Hardening or softening of feces is rare, but possible, during the first 2 weeks of consumption because the animal’s metabolism takes time to adapt to a new element in their diet. Allergies are also rare.

Should I have a professional recommendation before using the product?
No, it is not necessary to have a veterinarian recommend the product but feel free to consult your veterinarian if you have any concerns.

Partner Products
Maxamin Multivitamin $25.00
Appetite Control $25.00
Garcinia & Green Coffee Bean $25.00
Hair, Skin, and Nails $30.00
Muscle & Fitness $25.00

 
If you don’t see the product or combo you want on my Online Order Form, type the product name and price in the Request/Questions Box on the form, or contact me and I will find out if it is available and order it for you.



Availability of products may be limited in some countries-unless ordered using a USA Trans-shipping address –All additional products may be ordered only AFTER or AT THE SAME TIME as purchase of a Welcome Pack. Contact me if you have any questions. 🙂
Copyright © 2016 Paula’s Purple Rice, All rights reserved.
Share this:TwitterFacebookGoogleLike this:Like Loading... 





Search

Search for:



Top Posts & Pages






								Micronized Purple Rice FAQ							








								ORDER NOW							








								About Purple Rice							








								Micronized Purple Rice							








								What to Ask Your Doctor About  Autoimmune Disease							








								MPR Distributor FAQ							








								Fibromyalgia: Some short testimonials							








								How To Eat Micronized Purple Rice							








								The Science Behind Micronized Purple Rice							








								New Customer Welcome Pack							




















Post to



Cancel







 
















 
 
%d bloggers like this:










































































































































Mr. C Products - Home




Mr. C Products
1911 Rice Street
Roseville, MN  55113

Voice  800-845-3865  Fax 651-488-9656
email  mrcproducts@hotmail.com

We will be adding many Items to this site soon

 

Roll Tape comes in 1/2", 3/4" & 1" Widths
                              3, 12 & 36 Yard Lengths

Straight Strips are 3" Long and 1/2", 3/4" & 1" Widths
Available in Boxes of 36 Strips and Bags of 1000 Strips

 

 

Curved Strips Available in Bags of 36 and Bags of 1000

 
Most /Rolls and Strips are available in:
#52 Transparent - Most Popular Material
#46 German Opaque
#56 Redliner
and many types of Lace Material

Liquid Adhesives:
#57 Waterproof - Most Popular
Spirit Gum
#96 Bonding
#3202 White Lace
#29 

We also stock Solvent and Metal Clips

Hair Replacement - Yahoo Local Search Results



    Sign inHomeNewsMailFinanceTumblrWeatherSportsMessengerSettings    




     WebLocalImagesCategory Hair Replacement Hair Salons Hair Extensions Wigs & Hairpieces Advertising Barbers Beauty Salons Acupuncture Massage TherapyNeighborhood Hamline-MidwayHair Replacement near St. Paul, MNGreer's Hair Loss Correction ClinicHair Replacement3490 Lexington Ave N, Ste 230  ·(651) 483-0677Challenger Hair SystemsHair Replacement512 Prior Ave N  ·(651) 645-8937HairworksBeauty & Personal Care2536 7th Ave E  ·(651) 770-6416Hair Loss SolutionsHair Salon·closed·1 on Yahoo6230 10th St N  ·(651) 795-9785Creative Hair DesignWigs & Hairpieces·closed·4 on Yelp10 Rosedale Shopping Ctr, Ste 584  ·(651) 697-0030Hair Replication SolutionsHair Salon3080 Lexington Ave S  ·(952) 913-6698HLCC MinneapolisHair Replacement913 E 26th St  ·(518) 220-1500Mr C ProductsHair Replacement1911 Rice St  ·(651) 487-3726Moroccan Eco-BiologicsHair Replacement1206 Thomas Ave  ·(651) 307-5257Greer Ink Com Advanced Hair Replacement StudioAcupuncture2954 Rice St  ·(651) 486-0525YahooHelpPrivacyTermsAdvertise    




Hair Care - Yahoo Local Search Results



    Sign inHomeNewsMailFinanceTumblrWeatherSportsMessengerSettings    




     WebLocalImagesCategory Hair Salons Beauty Salons Barbers Nail Salons Hair Removal Skin Care Day Spas Beauty Supplies Hair Extensions Eyelash Services Clothing Accessories Massage Therapy Make-Up Studios Wigs & Hairpieces Tanning Salons Personal Care Manufacturing Internet Marketing Cosmetics Retailers Medical Spas Beauty & Personal Care Hair Replacement Health Clubs Blow Out Services Home & Garden Services Fitness Permanent Cosmetics Pet Grooming Animal & Pet Services Health & Medicine Hair Supplies Restaurants Cosmetology Schools Tattoos & Piercings Photographers Video Production Photography Chiropractic Offices Diet Centers Doctors & Clinics Hair Care Health Retreats Art Galleries Sports Medicine Arcades Antique Appraisals Social Services Psychology Bridal Boutiques Mail Services Night ClubsNeighborhood Macalester-Groveland Summit-University Hamline-Midway Payne-Phalen Thomas-Dale Summit Hill Downtown Battle CreekHair Care near St. Paul, MNHair & UBeauty Salon422 University Ave W, Ste 11  ·(651) 224-5641Westside HaircareHair Salon·$$·closed·3 on Yelp450 Robert St S  ·(651) 225-4597House of HairBeauty & Personal Care·$$$23 10th St W  ·(651) 291-1418La Diva Professional African Hair Braiding SalonHair Salon·closed446 University Ave W  ·(651) 221-0533Infinite HairHair Salon·$$$425 University Ave W  ·(651) 222-7647Cost CuttersBeauty & Personal Care·closed1684 S Robert St  ·(651) 455-0924Cost CuttersHair Salon·$$$·closed·4 on Yelp2142 Ford Pkwy  ·(651) 690-5211Bella Beauty Salon-KoreanHair Salon·closed·1 on Yelp682 Snelling Ave N  ·(651) 659-0092A-1 Express Hair BraidingHair Salon·1 on Yelp606 Selby Ave  ·(651) 222-3396Cost CuttersHair Salon·$$·closed·2 on Yelp1753 Lexington Ave N  ·(651) 488-9146Braiding Gigi HairHair Salon1570 Edmund Ave  ·(651) 340-6799Nancys Beauty SalonHair Salon·1 on Yelp1324 Rice St  ·(651) 489-4291Padden's Hair StudioBeauty & Personal Care·1 on Yahoo1395 St Clair Ave  ·(651) 699-1599Fields of HairHair Salon1337 Minnehaha Ave W  ·(651) 647-3493Tiffany's HairBarber·$$$·1 on Yelp488 Asbury St  ·(651) 645-270012345Next YahooHelpPrivacyTermsAdvertise    







Have A Rice Day | All About Rice > Rice Products









































Join Our Mailing list


MENU ▼

Home
| Rice Varieties
| All About Rice
| How To Cook Rice
| Rice Recipes
| Product Locator






Rice 101Rice TypesRice HistoryRice ProductsHealthy DietGluten FreeBrown RiceDairy AlternativeHow It's Made 



Home
Home
Rice Varieties ▼
View Rice Varieties
Rice Varieties
Sticky
Short
Medium
Long
Jasmin
Basmati
Brown
Organic
Sweet
All About Rice ▼
View All About Rice
All About Rice
Rice 101
All About Rice
Rice Production
Did You Know?
Rice Types
Rice History
Rice Products
Healthy Diet
Gluten Free
Naturally Gluten Free
Rice Flour Alternative
Did You Know?
Brown Rice
Brown Rice Benefits
Did You Know?
Dairy Alternative
Rice Milk
How It's Made
How To Cook Rice ▼
View How To Cook Rice
How To Cook Rice
Rice Cooking Videos
Rice Recipes
Rice Recipes
Product Locator
Product Locator

 















 All About Rice 
>
Rice Products			


One Amazing Grain
Who knew that one little grain could be used in so many ways? Rice can be used raw or cooked and can be processed into everything from vinegar to wine, milk to cosmetics. Read to learn more about this amazing grain.
Raw rice may be ground into flour for many uses, including making many kinds of beverages such as amazake, horchata, rice milk, and sake. Rice flour does not contain gluten and is suitable for people on a gluten-free diet. Rice may also be made into various types of noodles. Raw wild or brown rice may also be consumed by raw-foodists or fruitarians if soaked and sprouted.
Processed rice seeds must be boiled or steamed before eating. Cooked rice may be further fried in oil or butter, or even added to other foods (meatloaf, hamburgers) as a binding agent in place of products containing gluten.
Rice is a good source of protein and a staple food in many parts of the world, but it is not a complete protein: it does not contain all of the essential amino acids in sufficient amounts for good health, and should be combined with other sources of protein, such as nuts, seeds, beans or meat.
Rice, like other cereal grains, can be puffed (or popped). This process takes advantage of the grains’ water content and typically involves heating grains in a special chamber.
Rice bran is a valuable commodity in Asia and is used for many daily needs. It is a moist, oily inner layer which when heated produces an oil.
Wait, There’s More... What Will Rice Do Next?!

Rice vinegar is most popular in the cuisines of East and Southeast Asia. It is available in "white" (light yellow), red, and black varieties. The Japanese prefer a light, more delicate rice vinegar for the preparation of sushi rice and salad dressings. Red rice vinegar traditionally is coloured with red yeast rice, although some Chinese brands use artificial food colouring instead. Black rice vinegar (made with black glutinous rice) is most popular in China, although it also is produced in Japan. It may be used as a substitute for balsamic vinegar, although its dark colour and the fact that it is aged may be the only similarity between the two products.
Some varieties of rice vinegar are sweetened or otherwise seasoned with spices or other added flavorings.
Rice wine is an alcoholic beverage made from rice. Unlike wine, which is made by fermentation of naturally sweet grapes and other fruit, rice "wine" results from the fermentation of rice starch converted to sugars. This process is akin to that used to produce beer; however, beer production employs a mashing process to convert starch to sugars whereas rice wine uses the different amylolytic process.

Rice brew typically has a higher alcohol content (18–25%) than wine (10–20%), which in turn has a higher alcohol content than beer (3–8%).
Some types of rice wine:

Amakaze - Low-alcohol Japanese rice drink.
Brem - Balinese rice wine.
Cheongju - Korean rice wine.
Choujiu - A milky glutinous rice wine popular in Xi’an, China
Gamju - A milky, sweet rice wine from Korea
Lao-Lao - A clear rice wine from Laos
Makkoli - A milky traditional rice wine indigenous to Korea
Mijiu or Lao-zao - A clear, sweet Chinese rice wine/liqueur, usually being served as a dessert in southern China, made from fermented glutinous rice
Raksi - Tibetan and Nepali rice wine
Sake (Nihonshu) - Japanese rice wine
Mirin - Sweetened Japanese rice wine used for cooking
Sato - A rice wine originating in the Isan region of Thailand
Sonti - Indian rice wine
Handia - Rice beer made after fermentation in regions of eastern India

Sake is also referred to in English as Japanese rice wine, which is not entirely accurate. Wine is made from the single fermentation of plant juices (other than sparkling wine or champagne, which can be a double fermentation to create the carbonation). Sake is produced by multiple fermentation of rice, which is similar to the way beer is produced.
Rice milk is a kind of grain milk processed from rice. It is mostly made from brown rice and commonly unsweetened. The sweetness in most rice milk varieties is generated by a natural enzymatic process, dividing the carbohydrates into sugars—especially glucose. Some rice milk may nevertheless be sweetened with sugarcane syrup or other sugars.
Compared with cow’s milk, rice milk contains more carbohydrates, does not contain either significant amounts of calcium or protein, and no cholesterol or lactose. Commercial brands of rice milk are typically fortified with vitamins and minerals, including calcium, vitamin B12, vitamin B3, and iron.
Many people are either allergic or otherwise sensitive to dairy and soy, making rice milk an easy and nutritious alternative. Rice milk is made by pressing the rice through a mill stream using osmosis to strain out the pressed grains. It can also be made simply and easily at home with a food processor. 

Recipes

Chorizo, Pepper and Rice Stuffing

This fragrant and flavourful stuffing variation is sure to become a holiday favourite. Served as a side or as stuffing in your favourite meat, this recipe combines savoury Chorizo, sweet red pepper and nutty whole grain brown rice and is finished with smoked paprika, giving this dish a seasonal splash of colour.   Continue Reading


Wild Thyme Summer Salad

Enjoy the wild side of one of the most widely used herbs. Thyme blends well with almost everything and adds great flavor to this Greek-style salad.

 Continue Reading


Maple Walnut Rice Cakes

Looking for an unexpected and delicious way to use leftover rice? These tender and delicious rice cakes have an appealing nutty flavour and the added bonus of being gluten-free. Continue Reading



















Copyright © 2017 Sonray Sales Ltd.
ProudlyCanadian

About Sonray
Want To Work For Sonray?
Want To Sell Sonray?
Contact Us















Mr C Products in St Paul | Mr C Products 1911 Rice St, St Paul, MN 55113 Yahoo - US Local
HomeMailSearchNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityWeatherAnswersFlickrMobileMorePoliticsMoviesMusicTVGroupsStyleBeautyTechShoppingInstall the new Firefox » Yahoo Local Search Sign in  Mail HelpAccount InfoHelpSuggestionsYahooHomeAdd a Photo00Mr C ProductsHair Replacement0 reviews on YahooIs this your business? Verify your listing1911 Rice St, St Paul, MN 55113Cross Streets: Near the intersection of Rice St and Roselawn Ave W/McCarron St(651) 487-3726DirectionsSend feedbackReviewsWe currently don't have any reviews for Mr C ProductsFind Nearby:ATMs·Hotels·Night Clubs·Parkings·Movie Theatres·Similar Hair ReplacementsCategories:Hair ReplacementYou might also likeHair Restoration Institute18030 Old Cedar Ave S, Ste 202BloomingtonApollo International Hair Replacement & Restoration4820 Minnetonka BlvdMinneapolisApollo Hair International4820 Minnetonka Blvd, Ste 101MinneapolisHair Restoration Centers5270 W 84th StMinneapolis Find:Consumer Services>Beauty & Personal Care>Hair Care>Hair Replacement>Mr C ProductsLocal ResourcesAdd a BusinessBrowse by City/StateAdvertiser ResourcesAccount CenterAdvertise With UsSome business information provided by Infogroup ®, Omaha, Nebraska Copyright © 2014.Privacy|About Our Ads|Terms|Add/Edit Business|Yahoo Maps Terms of Use|Help|Send Feedback|Additional terms of service 


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
























PAUL RICE | Herbalife Independent Member | Product Catalog






































We have detected that JavaSript is disabled in your web browser.
This site requires JavaScript to be enabled. Here are instructions on how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.













Sign InRegister 












            Paul Rice
        




 Contact Us
                




 DisclaimerClose
Please note that by clicking this link you will exit GoHerbalife and will be re-directed to an external website not operated by Herbalife. Herbalife expressly disclaims any liability or responsibility whatsoever for the content, actions or policies of third party websites and their inclusion on GoHerbalife in no way constitutes an endorsement of such websites' content, actions or policies on the part of Herbalife.

I Accept
Cancel








HomeResourcesShop









Product Catalog












                    Featured Products
                



Core Products
Core Products
Weight Management
ProgramsFormula 1ProteinEnhancersSnacks
Targeted Nutrition
Heart HealthWomen's HealthMen's HealthChildren's HealthHealthy AgingDigestive HealthImmune HealthStress Management
Energy & Fitness
Energy & FitnessHerbalife24Hydration
Outer Nutrition
Herbalife SKINHerbal Aloe Bath & Body Care

 











Featured Products









Quickstart program
French Vanilla program







Formula 1 Healthy Meal Nutritional Shake Mix
Dutch Chocolate  750g







Formula 1 Healthy Meal Nutritional Shake Mix
French Vanilla  750g







Protein Drink Mix
Vanilla (22 servings) 616g







3-Day Trial Pack
Single







Formula 1 Healthy Meal Nutritional Shake Mix
Cookies 'n Cream   750g







Cell-U-Loss®
90 Tablets







Total Control®
Original 90 Tablets







Formula 3 Cell Activator®
60 Capsules







Herbal Aloe Concentrate
Mango  Pint







Formula 2 Multivitamin Complex
Original 90 Tablets







Herbal Tea Concentrate
Lemon  3.53oz







Formula 1 Healthy Meal Nutritional Shake Mix
Wild Berry   750g







Protein Drink Mix
Chocolate  638g Canister







Personalized Protein Powder
12.7 oz







Formula 1 Healthy Meal Nutritional Shake Mix
Mint Chocolate   780g







Formula 1 Healthy Meal Nutritional Shake Mix
Café Latte  780g







Prolessa® Duo
7-Day Program







Herbalife SKIN® Collagen Beauty Booster
Strawberry Lemonade  (Canister 6.03 oz.)







Herbalife SKIN® Clearify Acne Kit
Clearify Acne Kit







Herbalife SKIN® Clearify Cleanser
150 ml







Herbalife SKIN® Clearify Moisturizer
60 ml







Herbalife SKIN® Clearify Mask
120 ml










Shopping Login
 




                    The email and/or password is not valid. Try again, or Register for an Account.
                

Forgot password?




                    Remember Me
                


New Customer?

Register 








                            Featured Products
                        



Core Products
Core Products
Weight Management
ProgramsFormula 1ProteinEnhancersSnacks
Targeted Nutrition
Heart HealthWomen's HealthMen's HealthChildren's HealthHealthy AgingDigestive HealthImmune HealthStress Management
Energy & Fitness
Energy & FitnessHerbalife24Hydration
Outer Nutrition
Herbalife SKINHerbal Aloe Bath & Body Care

 























Mr C Products 1911 Rice St Saint Paul, MN  - MapQuest







































































































    Mr C Products
  

1911 Rice St

Saint Paul
MN
55113




 Reviews



(651) 487-3726

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help























Agropur 2080 Rice St St Paul, MN Dairy Products-Retail - MapQuest







































































































    Agropur
  

2080 Rice St

St Paul
MN
55113




 Reviews



(651) 493-3712
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help























PAUL A. RICE ENTERPRISES, INC. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    PAUL A. RICE ENTERPRISES, INC.











Company number P08000055473
        

Status Inactive
        

FEI number


Company Type Domestic for Profit
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date 9/25/2009
        

Date Of Incorporation 6/5/2008
        

Principal Address
            5255 PINE MEADOWS RD., LAKE WORTH, FL, 33463-7415
            


Mailing Address 5255 PINE MEADOWS RD., LAKE WORTH, FL, 33463-7415
        
PAUL A. RICE ENTERPRISES, INC. Principals

President
                Rice Paul A
                 


Address
                5255 PINE MEADOWS RD., LAKE WORTH, FL, 33463
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name RICE                PAUL          A (p)
        

Agent Address
                5255 PINE MEADOWS RD., LAKE WORTH, FL, 33463
                

PAUL A. RICE ENTERPRISES, INC. Events

1 ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT
            

filedDate 9/25/2009
            

Description
PAUL A. RICE ENTERPRISES, INC. has been set up 6/5/2008 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Inactive. The PAUL A. RICE ENTERPRISES, INC. principal adress is 5255 PINE MEADOWS RD., LAKE WORTH, FL, 33463-7415. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 5255 PINE MEADOWS RD., LAKE WORTH, FL, 33463-7415. 
The company`s registered agent is RICE                PAUL          A 5255 PINE MEADOWS RD., LAKE WORTH, FL, 33463.  
The company`s management are President - Rice Paul A. The last significant event in the company history is ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT which is dated by 9/25/2009. This decision is take in action on unknown. 






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
PAULA R. LEVENSON INC.
PAUL ARMOR REALTY & INVESTMENTS, INC.
PAUL ARMSTRONG CARPETING, INC.
PAUL ARMSTRONG ENTERPRISES, INC.
PAUL ARNOLD ASSOCIATES OF FLORIDA, INC.
PAUL ARNOLD TRUSS MANUFACTURING, LLC














Shopping Cart - Rice - Chef Paul Prudhomme
































 / Search 
Sitemap
Contact Us


Shop

Home




About Chef Paul
Magic Seasoning Blends
K-Paul's Louisiana Kitchen 
K-Paul's Catering Expedition
Chef Paul's Smoked Meats
Chef Paul's Recipes




































Chef Paul Prudhomme's - Louisiana Kitchen Cookbook
Chef Paul Prudhomme's Louisiana Kitchen, Chef Paul's 1984 groundbreaking book, brought the flavors and cooking styles of his native south Louisiana to the attention of the nation and started a trend that continues today. Chef Paul Prudhomme's first cookbook has been called the best Louisiana regional American cookbook ever published. Chef Paul shares his secrets for the very best cooking from old favorites like Seafood Gumbo with Andouille Smoked Sausage, Shrimp Creole, Turtle Soup, Chicken and Tasso Jambalaya, Cajun "Popcorn" Crawfish Etouffée, Blackened Prime Rib and Sweet Potato Pecan Pie.People often ask me what's the difference between Cajun and Creole cooking. Cajun and Creole cuisines share many similarities. Both are Louisiana born, with French roots. But Cajun is very old, French cooking. Cajun food began in Southern France, moved on to Nova Scotia and then came to Louisiana. The Acadians adapted their dishes to use ingredients that grew wild in the area - bay leaves from the laurel tree, filé powder from the sassafras tree and an abundance of different peppers such as cayenne, Tabasco peppers, banana peppers and bird's-eye peppers that grow wild in South Louisiana - learning their uses from the native Indians. The evolution of Creole cooking, just like Cajun, has depended heavily on whatever foods have been available. But Creole food, unlike Cajun, began in New Orleans and is a mixture of the traditions of French, Spanish, Italian, American Indian, African and other ethnic groups. Seven flags flew over New Orleans in the early days, and each time a new nation took over, many members of the deposed government would leave the city; most of the cooks and other servants stayed behind. The position of cook was highly esteemed and the best paid position in the household. Those cooks, most of whom were black, would be hired by other families, often of a different nationality. Of course the cooks would have to change their style of cooking. Over a period of time, they learned how to cook for a variety of nationalities, and they incorporated their own spicy, home-style way of cooking into the different cuisines of their employers. This is the way Creole food was created. Creole cooking is more sophisticated and complex than Cajun cooking - it's city cooking.Today in homes, there is still a distinction between Cajun and Creole cooking; in restaurants, little distinction remains. That\'s why I refer to the two together as one - Louisiana cooking.Chef Paul PrudhommeTo use Magic Seasoning Blends® in recipes found in Chef Paul Prudhomme's Louisiana Kitchen cookbook, simply add up the amount of dry herbs and spices called for in the recipe's "Seasoning Mix". Substitute approximately the same amount of the appropriate blend (for example, if you were doing a chicken dish, you'd substitute Poultry Magic®) for the herbs and spices in the cookbook. If a recipe calls for a sweet spice or an unusual ingredient subtract the amount of sweet or unusual spice prior to adding up the dry herb seasoning mix, then add back the subtracted ingredient(s) to the Magic Seasoning Blends® amount required for the conversion. 

Average Review: 



 (4.3 / 5)











Price 
Qty


$23.00
  











 

				Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought
			









Magic Seven Pack
$18.95











Poultry Magic&reg 24oz.
$12.95














 


		Customer Reviews
	





 (5 / 5)


				I call this my cajun cooking bible. I\'ve used this book since the 80s and it is priceless to me. It may need a rubber band soon to keep it together but mty notes and comments in it I hope to pass to my children. This cookbook has made me a celebrity with friends when time to cook. Thanks paul!			
Patrick cahill, Jan 2nd 2015






 (5 / 5)


				I received this book in 1987 as a gift and it has been a staple in my repertoire ever since...it is my "go to" cookbook for the best banana bread recipe I've ever tasted!  (Made it once again today as a matter of fact!)			
Ann Roseberry, Jul 19th 2013






 (5 / 5)


				I purchased this book when it first came out and it has been an inspiring and entertaining event for my whole family this past 25 years.  Each of my children get a copy for themselves on their 21st Birthday and they have all appreciated and used this wonderful example of traditional home cooking			
wes, Oct 29th 2012






 (5 / 5)


				Chef Paul is so generous to give us his secrets to perfect Louisiana Cuisine!  This is the best cookbook on my shelf.			
Doctor Steve, Jan 28th 2012






 (5 / 5)


				The date in my well used edition says 1984. I have made many of the recipes several times, and have several that I make in mass quantity and then keep stocked in a freezer. The techniques for layering flavors and textures which I learned form these pages, I now use in modifying other foods. If you want to impress someone who thinks they know how to eat well, make them Seafood File\' Gumbo, Chicken and Tasso Jambalaya, or even Cajun Meatloaf! 			
Tim from Long Island, NY, Dec 15th 2011






 (5 / 5)


				I bought this book in Houston Texas in 1984 after visiting the restaurant in 1982. Never forgot how great the food was. This is with out a doubt one of the best if not the best cook book for the amature chef who loves to cook for frinds and family. Since I am not a pro chef I can't speak on those terms but I would think that this book is owned by alot of pro chefs. 			
Mustgrill, Jul 17th 2011






 (5 / 5)


				This is a wonderful cookbook.  Every recipe I've tried has been spectacular and the instructions are so well written.  I love this cookbook especially the Barbeque Shrimp recipe!!!  Thanks so much.........			
Connie, Jun 6th 2011






 (5 / 5)


				My wifr and I bought this book after having dinner at Kay Pauls about twentyfive years ago. It is the Holy Grail of Cajun Cooking.We purchased two other of his books but always return to this one. The recipes and blends take a little effort but the end result is pure Cajun. Love It!! 			
Ron, May 16th 2011






 (5 / 5)


				I hail from Mobile, AL on the Gulf Coast. My wife and I moved to Japan and, while they do eat a lot of seafood, I knew I wouldn\'t be able to get the delicious dishes that the Gulf Coast has to offer. So I knew I\'d better pick this up along with a few other Cajun, Creole, and Southern-style cookbooks. Of all the ones I purchased, this is the one that I refer to the most. It\'s my kitchen bible. As a not-so-experienced cook, this book was also useful as a book to refer to for cooking education. Thank you Chef Paul!			
Josh, Jan 14th 2011






 (0 / 5)


				I have enjoyed eating at your restaurant so much...can't wait to replicate some of the recipes in my home!! Thank you.			
Trissie, Apr 5th 2010






 (5 / 5)


				This is the greatest cookbook of Cajun food ever!  Not only did it spark an interest and an unknown passion for cooking, but it also brought me back in time to the amazing summers that I spent with my grandparents in Louisiana.     This book alows you to bring the woundedful dishes that I once believed you could only find in south Louisiana, to your table anywhere in the world.  			
Jimmy, Mar 1st 2010






 (5 / 5)


				I received this cookbook as a wedding gift in 1986 and I still only use Chef Paul\'s recipe for banana bread that is found in this book.  Almost 23 years of Good Living, Good Loving and Good Cooking!  Thanks, Chef!  			
Kim , Oct 7th 2009






 (5 / 5)


				I received this cookbook as a wedding gift in 1986 and I still only use Chef Paul's recipe for banana bread that is found in this book.  Almost 23 years of Good Living, Good Loving and Good Cooking!  Thanks, Chef!  			
Kim , Oct 7th 2009






 (0 / 5)


				This is absolutely the best cookbook EVER!!!!  My cookbook has fallen completely apart because I have used it soooooo much!  I love how the flavor in each bite changes as you chew your food. Add a little spice to your life and cook just one of his recipes and you'll be hooked!			
Karen, Jul 13th 2009






 (5 / 5)


				This is the best cookbook I have ever read. It teaches a person not only the recipies, but the techniques of this style of cooking. The multi stage seasoning of the dishes gives them a depth of flavor I have never experienced before. A must have for the Cajun or Creole food lover. Thank you Paul!!!!			
Doug, Feb 23rd 2009






 (0 / 5)


				Keep it hot!			
Rich, Feb 21st 2009






 (5 / 5)


				This is the best cook book I own.  I received this back in 1985 and it is well worn.  Chef's recipes have become a staple in my familys favorite meals.  Thank you Chef Paul for all the love we taste in your food.  No kitchen or chef is complete without this ground breaking fabulous cook book.			
Julie, Feb 19th 2009






 (5 / 5)


				This is makes up the core of my cooking library.			
Max, Nov 21st 2008






 (5 / 5)


				This may be one of the greatest cookbooks ever. Every dish is a taste treat. You can learn how to cook by useing this wonderful book. I given this book as a gift for years and everyone always comes back to say what a fantastic cook book this is. Chef Paul you\'r the BEST!
Max			
Michael, Oct 26th 2008






 (5 / 5)


				A great addition to any kitchen library! The book not only adds "Louisiana Cooking" to your table, it lends the techniques learned in this book to better the rest of your culinary creations. This book is a must for any cook. I couldn't be without iy!			
Tom, Oct 26th 2008

 
Add Your Review






Name








Rating
























Your comment





Authentication Code




Hear it







Please enter the letters or digits from the image into the text box. Help fight SPAM!

























Louisiana Rice | Home
© 2008 Chef Paul Prudhomme. All Rights Reserved: Privacy Policy.Site Designed by Firefly Digital®  a New Orleans Web Design  FirmPowered by the Website Gadget® Content Management SystemComputer Support and Service from Bridgenet, LLC








