



Richard Bernstein Advisors - Insights












































 











Richard Bernstein Advisors









 HomeNewsContact UsSitemap

















 INSIGHTS 








7.11.17
The 3 Ps: politics, profits and probabilities.
Investing based on headlines and political promises is rarely beneficial to one’s portfolio. It’s dispassionately investing for fundamentals that continue to drive the markets.
Download PDF 









6.13.17
Active vs. Passive
Many investors seem to be stuck in the middle of the false dichotomy between active and passive investing. At RBA, we argue it’s much more important for investors to ascertain which active or passive portfolio to buy and when to own it.
Download PDF 









5.9.17
Fundamentals, Fundamentals, Fundamentals
Political rhetoric may make it seem that the end is nigh, however, it’s fundamentals, not fear that will benefit your portfolio.
Download PDF 









4.12.17
February 11, 2016 was more important than November 8.
Many investors believe that November 8th was the catalyst for recent market performance, however, fundamentals began improving much earlier. Remember, it’s profits, not politics that matters.
Download PDF 









3.7.17
Pactive® investing
Historical studies show individual investors are very poor asset allocators, and are undoubtedly no better at selecting ETFs. At RBA, our Pactive® Management portfolios combine the benefits of low-fee, transparent and liquid passive investments with RBA’s asset allocation expertise.
Download PDF 









2.13.17
What's in your ETF portfolio?
Many investors don’t realize that the main sources of returns for “Factor ETFs” often have little to do with their named factor. RBA’s process of X-raying ETFs uncovers what’s truly driving performance in ETF portfolios.
Download PDF 









1.10.17
It's checkers not chess
While many investors ascribe recent market performance solely to a post-election surprise, we argue that there’s a simpler explanation. Remember, it’s checkers not chess.
Download PDF 









12.7.16
2017 - Inflation returns
2017 is all about inflation. As many investors hold onto the notion of “lower for longer”, we recognize that re-inflation will likely take hold in the New Year and those positioned for an improving global economy will benefit.
Download PDF 





StartPrev12345678910NextEnd 














SIGN UP to receive reports and commentary from RBA >

































Richard Bernstein Advisors - Main info - About RBA
































































 











Richard Bernstein Advisors









 HomeNewsContact UsSitemap























Richard Bernstein Advisors LLC (RBA) is an independent investment adviser focusing on longer-term investment strategies that combine top-down, macroeconomic analysis and quantitatively-driven portfolio construction. We strive to be the leading provider of innovative investment solutions for investors, and our competitive edge is our research-driven macro style of investing. That research starts with Richard Bernstein, our CEO, who is widely recognized as an expert in style investing and asset allocation. He has over 35 years' experience on Wall Street, including most recently as the Chief Investment Strategist at Merrill Lynch & Co. He is a much-noted expert on equity, style and asset allocation, and was voted to Institutional Investor magazine's annual "All-America Research Team" 18 years, including ten as the top-ranked analyst in his category. Mr. Bernstein's book "Style Investing – Unique Insight into Equity Management" is widely viewed as the seminal book on style-oriented investment strategies.
Our top-down macro approach differentiates our firm from the more common, traditional bottom-up approach of most asset managers. Our extensive array of macro indicators allows us to construct portfolios for clients that are innovative, risk-controlled, and focused on overall portfolio construction instead of individual stock selection.
RBA was founded in 2009 and is headquartered in New York City.
We distribute our products through partnerships with some of the world's leading financial institutions, including Eaton Vance, where we sub-advise the Eaton Vance Richard Bernstein Equity Strategy Fund and the Eaton Vance Richard Bernstein All Asset Strategy Fund; UBS Wealth Management, Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, Morgan Stanley Wealth Managment and select RIA platforms, where we provide clients with tailored asset-allocation models comprised of ETFs in discretionary wrap programs; and First Trust Portfolios, where we create equity-income and thematic equity-oriented portfolios in a series of unit investment trusts. Additionally, RBA is the index provider for two exchange-traded funds available through First Trust Portfolios: the First Trust RBA American Industrial Renaissance® ETF and the First Trust RBA Quality Income ETF. In 2014, RBA began to offer institutional investors direct separate account management for our global equity and all-asset strategies.
We encourage you to contact us directly should you wish to learn more about RBA and our investment solutions.
For a quick reference RBA Fact Sheet, click here.


















Learn more about Richard Bernstein



























 





	Richard Bernstein Advisors Quality Income, 26









































 Home 
                             Logon 
                             Mobile Site 
                             Research and Commentary 
                             About Us  
                            Call 1.800.621.1675 or 
                            Email Us                                              
                             Follow Us: 


















Search by Ticker, Keyword or CUSIP       









  
            




 












Unit TrustsSearch Available PortfoliosAll Available PortfoliosUpcoming DepositsRecent DepositsAll Equity PortfoliosAsset Allocation PortfoliosSector PortfoliosTarget Strategy PortfoliosTheme PortfoliosAll Global/International PortfoliosAll Hybrid PortfoliosAll Income PortfoliosEquity Income PortfoliosTaxable Fixed Income PortfoliosTaxfree Fixed Income PortfoliosAdvanced Portfolio SearchesPrimary Trust ListingTrust Listing by MaturitySearch by Style or SectorSearch by StockUIT ToolProduct WatchOther Unit Trust InformationGuide to Unit Investment Trusts (PDF)CUSIP Information (PDF)UIT Tax CenterETFsAvailable Exchange-Traded FundsAll Exchange-Traded Funds--Actively Managed FundsEquityCompass Risk Manager ETF (ERM)EquityCompass Tactical Risk Manager ETF (TERM)First Trust Alternative Absolute Return Strategy ETF (FAAR)First Trust California Municipal High Income ETF (FCAL)First Trust CEF Income Opportunity ETF (FCEF)First Trust Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond ETF (FEMB)First Trust Enhanced Short Maturity ETF (FTSM)First Trust Global Tactical Commodity Strategy Fund (FTGC)First Trust Heitman Global Prime Real Estate ETF (PRME)First Trust High Income ETF (FTHI)First Trust Horizon Managed Volatility Developed International ETF (HDMV)First Trust Horizon Managed Volatility Domestic ETF (HUSV)First Trust Long/Short Equity ETF (FTLS)First Trust Low Beta Income ETF (FTLB)First Trust Low Duration Opportunities ETF (LMBS)First Trust Managed Municipal ETF (FMB)First Trust Morningstar Managed Futures Strategy Fund (FMF)First Trust Municipal CEF Income Opportunity ETF (MCEF)First Trust North American Energy Infrastructure Fund (EMLP)First Trust Preferred Securities and Income ETF (FPE)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Asia Pacific ETF (RFAP)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Developed International ETF (RFDI)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Emerging Markets ETF (RFEM)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Europe ETF (RFEU)First Trust Senior Loan Fund (FTSL)First Trust SSI Strategic Convertible Securities ETF (FCVT)First Trust Strategic Income ETF (FDIV)First Trust Tactical High Yield ETF (HYLS)First Trust TCW Opportunistic Fixed Income ETF (FIXD)--Alternative FundsFirst Trust Alternative Absolute Return Strategy ETF (FAAR)First Trust CBOE® S&P 500 VIX® Tail Hedge Fund (VIXH)First Trust Global Tactical Commodity Strategy Fund (FTGC)First Trust High Income ETF (FTHI)First Trust Long/Short Equity ETF (FTLS)First Trust Low Beta Income ETF (FTLB)First Trust Morningstar Managed Futures Strategy Fund (FMF)--Dynamic Currency Hedged FundsFirst Trust RiverFront Dynamic Asia Pacific ETF (RFAP)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Developed International ETF (RFDI)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Emerging Markets ETF (RFEM)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Europe ETF (RFEU)--Income FundsEquity IncomeFirst Trust Dow Jones Global Select Dividend Index Fund (FGD)First Trust Morningstar Dividend Leaders Index Fund (FDL)First Trust NASDAQ Technology Dividend Index Fund (TDIV)First Trust North American Energy Infrastructure Fund (EMLP)First Trust RBA Quality Income ETF (QINC)First Trust Rising Dividend Achievers ETF (RDVY)First Trust STOXX® European Select Dividend Index Fund (FDD)First Trust Value Line® Dividend Index Fund (FVD)US Equity Dividend Select ETF (RNDV)Fixed IncomeFirst Trust California Municipal High Income ETF (FCAL)First Trust Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond ETF (FEMB)First Trust Enhanced Short Maturity ETF (FTSM)First Trust Low Duration Opportunities ETF (LMBS)First Trust Managed Municipal ETF (FMB)First Trust Municipal CEF Income Opportunity ETF (MCEF)First Trust Senior Loan Fund (FTSL)First Trust Tactical High Yield ETF (HYLS)First Trust TCW Opportunistic Fixed Income ETF (FIXD)Hybrid IncomeFirst Trust CEF Income Opportunity ETF (FCEF)First Trust High Income ETF (FTHI)First Trust Low Beta Income ETF (FTLB)First Trust Preferred Securities and Income ETF (FPE)First Trust SSI Strategic Convertible Securities ETF (FCVT)First Trust Strategic Income ETF (FDIV)International Multi-Asset Diversified Income Index Fund (YDIV)Multi-Asset Diversified Income Index Fund (MDIV)--Sector & Industry FundsConsumer Discretionary First Trust Consumer Discretionary AlphaDEX® Fund (FXD)First Trust Nasdaq Retail ETF (FTXD)Consumer StaplesFirst Trust Consumer Staples AlphaDEX® Fund (FXG)First Trust Nasdaq Food & Beverage ETF (FTXG)EnergyFirst Trust Energy AlphaDEX® Fund (FXN)First Trust Nasdaq Oil & Gas ETF (FTXN)First Trust Natural Gas ETF (FCG)FinancialsFirst Trust Financials AlphaDEX® Fund (FXO)First Trust NASDAQ® ABA Community Bank Index Fund (QABA)First Trust Nasdaq Bank ETF (FTXO)HealthFirst Trust Health Care AlphaDEX® Fund (FXH)First Trust Nasdaq Pharmaceuticals ETF (FTXH)First Trust NYSE Arca Biotechnology Index Fund (FBT)IndustrialsFirst Trust Industrials/Producer Durables AlphaDEX® Fund (FXR)First Trust Nasdaq Transportation ETF (FTXR)First Trust NASDAQ® Clean Edge® Smart Grid Infrastructure Index Fund (GRID)First Trust Water ETF (FIW)MaterialsFirst Trust Indxx Global Agriculture ETF (FTAG)First Trust Indxx Global Natural Resources Income ETF (FTRI)First Trust Materials AlphaDEX® Fund (FXZ)Real EstateFirst Trust FTSE EPRA/NAREIT Developed Markets Real Estate Index Fund (FFR)First Trust Heitman Global Prime Real Estate ETF (PRME)First Trust S&P REIT Index Fund (FRI)TechnologyFirst Trust Cloud Computing ETF (SKYY)First Trust Dow Jones Internet Index Fund (FDN)First Trust Nasdaq Cybersecurity ETF (CIBR)First Trust Nasdaq Semiconductor ETF (FTXL)First Trust Nasdaq Smartphone Index Fund (FONE)First Trust NASDAQ Technology Dividend Index Fund (TDIV)First Trust NASDAQ-100-Technology Sector Index Fund (QTEC)First Trust Technology AlphaDEX® Fund (FXL)UtilitiesFirst Trust Utilities AlphaDEX® Fund (FXU)--Size/Style FundsMega CapFirst Trust Mega Cap AlphaDEX Fund (FMK)Large Cap  First Trust Horizon Managed Volatility Domestic ETF (HUSV)First Trust Large Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FEX)First Trust Large Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FTC)First Trust Large Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FTA)First Trust Morningstar Dividend Leaders Index Fund (FDL)First Trust Value Line® Dividend Index Fund (FVD)Large Cap US Equity Select ETF (RNLC)US Equity Dividend Select ETF (RNDV)Mid CapFirst Trust Mid Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FNX)First Trust Mid Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FNY)First Trust Mid Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FNK)Mid Cap US Equity Select ETF (RNMC)Small CapFirst Trust Developed Markets ex-US Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FDTS)First Trust Emerging Markets Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FEMS)First Trust Small Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FYX)First Trust Small Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FYC)First Trust Small Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FYT)Small Cap US Equity Select ETF (RNSC)Micro-CapFirst Trust Dow Jones Select MicroCap Index Fund (FDM)Multi-CapFirst Trust Multi Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FAD)First Trust Multi Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FAB)First Trust Total US Market AlphaDEX® ETF (TUSA)First Trust Value Line® 100 Exchange-Traded Fund (FVL)--Global/International FundsBroad MarketDeveloped International Equity Select ETF ( RNDM)Emerging Markets Equity Select ETF (RNEM)First Trust Developed Markets ex-US AlphaDEX® Fund (FDT)First Trust Dorsey Wright International Focus 5 ETF (IFV)First Trust Dow Jones Global Select Dividend Index Fund (FGD)First Trust Emerging Markets AlphaDEX® Fund (FEM)First Trust International IPO ETF (FPXI)RegionFirst Trust Asia Pacific ex-Japan AlphaDEX® Fund (FPA)First Trust BICK Index Fund (BICK)First Trust Chindia ETF (FNI)First Trust Europe AlphaDEX® Fund (FEP)First Trust Eurozone AlphaDEX&reg ETF (FEUZ)First Trust Latin America AlphaDEX® Fund (FLN)First Trust STOXX® European Select Dividend Index Fund (FDD)CountryFirst Trust Australia AlphaDEX® Fund (FAUS)First Trust Brazil AlphaDEX® Fund (FBZ)First Trust Canada AlphaDEX® Fund (FCAN)First Trust China AlphaDEX® Fund (FCA)First Trust Germany AlphaDEX® Fund (FGM)First Trust Hong Kong AlphaDEX® Fund (FHK)First Trust Japan AlphaDEX® Fund (FJP)First Trust South Korea AlphaDEX® Fund (FKO)First Trust Switzerland AlphaDEX® Fund (FSZ)First Trust Taiwan AlphaDEX® Fund (FTW)First Trust United Kingdom AlphaDEX® Fund (FKU)Sector & IndustryFirst Trust FTSE EPRA/NAREIT Developed Markets Real Estate Index Fund (FFR)First Trust Global Engineering and Construction ETF (FLM)First Trust Global Wind Energy ETF (FAN)First Trust Indxx Global Agriculture ETF (FTAG)First Trust Indxx Global Natural Resources Income ETF (FTRI)First Trust NASDAQ Global Auto Index Fund (CARZ)Dividend FocusFirst Trust Dow Jones Global Select Dividend Index Fund (FGD)First Trust STOXX® European Select Dividend Index Fund (FDD)International Multi-Asset Diversified Income Index Fund (YDIV)Size/StyleFirst Trust Developed Markets ex-US Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FDTS)First Trust Emerging Markets Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FEMS)First Trust Horizon Managed Volatility Developed International ETF (HDMV)Dynamic Currency HedgedFirst Trust RiverFront Dynamic Asia Pacific ETF (RFAP)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Developed International ETF (RFDI)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Emerging Markets ETF (RFEM)First Trust RiverFront Dynamic Europe ETF (RFEU)--Green/Renewable FundsFirst Trust Global Wind Energy ETF (FAN)First Trust NASDAQ® Clean Edge® Green Energy Index Fund (QCLN)First Trust NASDAQ® Clean Edge® Smart Grid Infrastructure Index Fund (GRID)First Trust Natural Gas ETF (FCG)First Trust Water ETF (FIW)--Specialty FundsEquityCompass Risk Manager ETF (ERM)EquityCompass Tactical Risk Manager ETF (TERM)First Trust Capital Strength ETF (FTCS)First Trust Dorsey Wright Dynamic Focus 5 ETF (FVC)First Trust Dorsey Wright Focus 5 (FV)First Trust International IPO ETF (FPXI)First Trust NASDAQ-100 Equal Weighted Index Fund (QQEW)First Trust NASDAQ-100 Ex-Technology Sector Index Fund (QQXT)First Trust RBA American Industrial Renaissance™ ETF (AIRR)First Trust US Equity Opportunities ETF (FPX)First Trust Value Line® 100 Exchange-Traded Fund (FVL)All AlphaDEX® Exchange-Traded Funds--AlphaDEX® Global/International FundsBroad MarketFirst Trust Developed Markets ex-US AlphaDEX® Fund (FDT)First Trust Emerging Markets AlphaDEX® Fund (FEM)RegionFirst Trust Asia Pacific ex-Japan AlphaDEX® Fund (FPA)First Trust Europe AlphaDEX® Fund (FEP)First Trust Eurozone AlphaDEX&reg ETF (FEUZ)First Trust Latin America AlphaDEX® Fund (FLN)CountryFirst Trust Australia AlphaDEX® Fund (FAUS)First Trust Brazil AlphaDEX® Fund (FBZ)First Trust Canada AlphaDEX® Fund (FCAN)First Trust China AlphaDEX® Fund (FCA)First Trust Germany AlphaDEX® Fund (FGM)First Trust Hong Kong AlphaDEX® Fund (FHK)First Trust Japan AlphaDEX® Fund (FJP)First Trust South Korea AlphaDEX® Fund (FKO)First Trust Switzerland AlphaDEX® Fund (FSZ)First Trust Taiwan AlphaDEX® Fund (FTW)First Trust United Kingdom AlphaDEX® Fund (FKU)Size/StyleFirst Trust Developed Markets ex-US Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FDTS)First Trust Emerging Markets Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FEMS)--AlphaDEX® Sector FundsConsumer Discretionary First Trust Consumer Discretionary AlphaDEX® Fund (FXD)Consumer StaplesFirst Trust Consumer Staples AlphaDEX® Fund (FXG)EnergyFirst Trust Energy AlphaDEX® Fund (FXN)FinancialsFirst Trust Financials AlphaDEX® Fund (FXO)HealthFirst Trust Health Care AlphaDEX® Fund (FXH)IndustrialsFirst Trust Industrials/Producer Durables AlphaDEX® Fund (FXR)MaterialsFirst Trust Materials AlphaDEX® Fund (FXZ)TechnologyFirst Trust Technology AlphaDEX® Fund (FXL)UtilitiesFirst Trust Utilities AlphaDEX® Fund (FXU)--AlphaDEX® Size/Style FundsMega CapFirst Trust Mega Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FMK)Large Cap  First Trust Large Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FEX)First Trust Large Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FTC)First Trust Large Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FTA)Mid CapFirst Trust Mid Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FNX)First Trust Mid Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FNY)First Trust Mid Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FNK)Small CapFirst Trust Developed Markets ex-US Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FDTS)First Trust Emerging Markets Small Cap AlphaDEX® Fund (FEMS)First Trust Small Cap Core AlphaDEX® Fund (FYX)First Trust Small Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FYC)First Trust Small Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FYT)Multi-CapFirst Trust Multi Cap Growth AlphaDEX® Fund (FAD)First Trust Multi Cap Value AlphaDEX® Fund (FAB)First Trust Total US Market AlphaDEX® ETF (TUSA)First Trust ETFs Rated 4 or 5 Stars by MorningstarOther Exchange Traded Fund InformationGuide to Exchange Traded Funds (PDF)Guide to AlphaDEX Enhanced Index ETFs (PDF)Monthly Performance Report (PDF)Exchange-Traded Fund Product List (PDF)AlphaDEX Perspectives (PDF)Quantitative Stock Selection White Paper (PDF)2017 ETF Distribution Schedule (PDF)Search By SectorSearch By StockFund Tax CenterVariable AnnuitiesFirst Trust/Dow Jones Dividend & Income Allocation PortfolioFirst Trust Multi Income Allocation PortfolioFirst Trust Dorsey Wright Tactical Core PortfolioClosed-End FundsAvailable Closed End FundsAll Closed End Funds--First Trust Senior Floating Rate 2022 Target Term Fund (FIV)--First Trust Dynamic Europe Equity Income Fund (FDEU)--First Trust New Opportunities MLP & Energy Fund (FPL)--First Trust Intermediate Duration Preferred & Income Fund  (FPF)--First Trust MLP and Energy Income Fund  (FEI)--First Trust Energy Infrastructure Fund (FIF)--First Trust High Income Long/Short Fund (FSD)--First Trust Specialty Finance and Financial Opportunities Fund (FGB)--First Trust/Aberdeen Emerging Opportunity Fund (FEO)--First Trust Strategic High Income Fund II (FHY)--First Trust Mortgage Income Fund (FMY)--First Trust/Aberdeen Global Income Fund (FAM)--First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund (FFA)--First Trust Energy Income and Growth Fund (FEN)--First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II (FCT)--Macquarie/First Trust Global Infrastructure/Utilities Dividend & Income Fund (MFD)Fund Tax CenterMutual FundsAll Mutual Funds--First Trust AQA® Equity Fund--First Trust Preferred Securities and Income Fund--First Trust Short Duration High Income Fund--First Trust/Confluence Small Cap Value FundFund Tax CenterStructured Products401(k)All 401(k) FundsFirst Trust All Equity Allocation PortfolioFirst Trust Target Date Fund Family2010 Fund2020 Fund2030 Fund2040 Fund2050 FundFinancial Advisors: Request a 401(k) ProposalManaged Accounts
























Overview








 





Richard Bernstein Advisors Quality Income Portfolio, Series 26

The Dividend Attraction
Investors have treasured dividend-paying stocks for ages and recent performance has justified the
love. The S&P Dow Jones Indices announced that total dividend distributions for U.S. common
stocks increased by a net (increases less decreases) $6.7 billion in Q2'17, down from the $7.3
billion increase in Q2'16, according to its own release. For the 12-month period ended June 2017,
net dividend increases totaled $32.5 billion, up from an increase of $24.8 billion for the 12-month
period ended June 2016. In Q2'17, there were 552 dividend increases, up from the 504 dividend
increases in Q2'16. The number of dividends cut or suspended totaled 72, down from the 158 cut
or suspended in Q2'16. Perhaps the hardest thing for an individual investor to do is to weed out
quality dividend-paying businesses from all the rest.
The Quality Income Approach
The Richard Bernstein Advisors Quality Income Portfolio is a unit investment trust (UIT) focused on
total return through a combination of dividend income and capital appreciation. A UIT is an
investment vehicle which consists of a professionally selected unmanaged portfolio of securities
which are held for a predetermined period of time. The value of the units of the trust will fluctuate
each day with the value of the underlying securities; therefore it is possible to lose money by
investing in the trust.
The stocks are selected for the trust by Richard Bernstein Advisors LLC (RBA) using their
comprehensive Quality Income strategy and held for approximately 15 months. This strategy
attempts to control the risks associated with investing in higher-yielding stocks, yet maintain
attractive current income. RBA believes risk actually increases as dividend yield increases, and that
simply investing in high-yield equities often leads to selecting stocks whose dividends are
subsequently cut or discontinued. RBA's strategy incorporates several layers of risk control in order
to attempt to minimize the probability of dividend cuts and the related underperformance.
RBA Portfolio Selection Process
The stock market is often far ahead of investors in predicting dividend cuts or omissions. Many stocks that offer extremely high dividend yields get there not by increasing their dividends, but by
virtue of their stock price dropping significantly, thus dramatically increasing their yield. In addition, there is typically a sound business reason for a stock to tumble and it usually involves business
problems for the company. In such circumstances, it is reasonable to expect a competent board of directors to cut dividends to conserve cash.
Because of this effect, RBA believes stocks with extremely high dividend yields should be viewed cautiously, because high dividend yields may simply reflect depressed stock prices in anticipation of
dividend cuts or omissions. RBA examines the security of dividends on the global high dividend yield universe by screening for debt levels and for consistency of earnings. This process generally
results in an unweighted portfolio of less than 100 stocks from the initial universe of several thousand.
RBA then uses a proprietary optimization method to weight the stocks. This final step attempts to reduce the volatility of the overall portfolio. Thus, the strategy attempts to reduce risk in two ways.
First, RBA screens for estimated dividend consistency. Second, RBA uses a proprietary weighting method which strives to reduce overall portfolio volatility. Of course, there can be no assurance that
these objectives will be achieved. In addition, there is no guarantee that the issuers of the securities included in the portfolio will declare dividends in the future or that, if declared, they will either
remain at current levels or increase over time.





Richard Bernstein Advisors
 RBA is a registered investment adviser focusing on longer term investment strategies
that combine top-down, macroeconomic analysis and quantitatively-driven portfolio
construction, utilizing Mr. Bernstein's widely recognized expertise in style investing and
asset allocation.
 The firm's Chief Executive and Chief Investment Officer, Mr. Bernstein has over 35 years' experience on Wall Street, including most
recently as the Chief Investment Strategist at Merrill Lynch & Co. RBA acts as sub-advisor for mutual funds and also selects portfolios
for income-oriented Unit Investment Trusts sponsored by First Trust Portfolios L.P. Additionally, RBA runs exchange-traded fund
asset allocation portfolios and separately managed accounts and is the index provider for two exchange-traded funds. RBA has
approximately $4.9 billion in assets under management/under advisement as of June 30, 2017.





 Not FDIC Insured  Not Bank Guaranteed  May Lose Value


You should consider the portfolio's investment objectives, risks, and 
  charges and expenses carefully before investing. Contact your financial advisor 
  or call First Trust Portfolios, L.P. at 1.800.621.1675 to request a prospectus, 
  which contains this and other information about the portfolio. Read it carefully 
  before you invest.
Risk Considerations:
An investment in this unmanaged unit investment trust should be made with an understanding of the risks involved with owning common stocks, such as an economic recession and the possible deterioration of either the financial condition of the issuers of the equity securities or the general condition of the stock market.
Certain of the securities in the portfolio are issued by Real Estate
  Investment Trusts (REITs). Companies involved in the real estate
  industry are subject to changes in the real estate market,
  vacancy rates and competition, volatile interest rates and
economic recession.
An investment in a portfolio containing small-cap and mid-cap companies is subject to additional risks, as the share prices of
  small-cap companies and certain mid-cap companies are often more volatile than those of larger companies due to several
  factors, including limited trading volumes, products, financial resources, management inexperience and less publicly available
  information.
An investment in a portfolio containing equity securities of
foreign issuers is subject to additional risks, including currency
fluctuations, political risks, withholding, the lack of adequate
financial information, and exchange control restrictions
	impacting foreign issuers.
The value of the securities held by the trust may be subject to steep declines or increased volatility due to changes in performance or perception of the issuers.
This UIT is a buy and hold strategy and investors should consider their ability to hold the trust until maturity. There may be tax consequences unless units
  are purchased in an IRA or other qualified plan.



 
The information in the prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. The prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted.











 

Fund CUSIP Information







30304L467
(Cash)


30304L475
(Reinvest)


30304L483
(Cash-Fee)


30304L491
(Reinvest-Fee)

 







 Printer Friendly Page

















 

                        The information presented is not intended to constitute an investment recommendation for, or advice to, any specific person.  By providing this information, First Trust is not undertaking to give advice in any fiduciary capacity within the meaning of ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code.  First Trust has no knowledge of and has not been provided any information regarding any investor.  Financial advisors must determine whether particular investments are appropriate for their clients.  First Trust believes the financial advisor is a fiduciary, is capable of evaluating investment risks independently and is responsible for exercising independent judgment with respect to its retirement plan clients.
                    


First Trust Portfolios L.P.  Member SIPC and FINRA.
		                    First Trust Advisors L.P.
		                    



Home | 
		                        Important Legal Information | 
		                        Privacy Policy | 
		                        Business Continuity Plan | 
                                FINRA BrokerCheck



Copyright © 2017 All rights reserved.

















Richard Bernstein Advisors - Main info - About RBA
































































 











Richard Bernstein Advisors









 HomeNewsContact UsSitemap























Richard Bernstein Advisors LLC (RBA) is an independent investment adviser focusing on longer-term investment strategies that combine top-down, macroeconomic analysis and quantitatively-driven portfolio construction. We strive to be the leading provider of innovative investment solutions for investors, and our competitive edge is our research-driven macro style of investing. That research starts with Richard Bernstein, our CEO, who is widely recognized as an expert in style investing and asset allocation. He has over 35 years' experience on Wall Street, including most recently as the Chief Investment Strategist at Merrill Lynch & Co. He is a much-noted expert on equity, style and asset allocation, and was voted to Institutional Investor magazine's annual "All-America Research Team" 18 years, including ten as the top-ranked analyst in his category. Mr. Bernstein's book "Style Investing – Unique Insight into Equity Management" is widely viewed as the seminal book on style-oriented investment strategies.
Our top-down macro approach differentiates our firm from the more common, traditional bottom-up approach of most asset managers. Our extensive array of macro indicators allows us to construct portfolios for clients that are innovative, risk-controlled, and focused on overall portfolio construction instead of individual stock selection.
RBA was founded in 2009 and is headquartered in New York City.
We distribute our products through partnerships with some of the world's leading financial institutions, including Eaton Vance, where we sub-advise the Eaton Vance Richard Bernstein Equity Strategy Fund and the Eaton Vance Richard Bernstein All Asset Strategy Fund; UBS Wealth Management, Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, Morgan Stanley Wealth Managment and select RIA platforms, where we provide clients with tailored asset-allocation models comprised of ETFs in discretionary wrap programs; and First Trust Portfolios, where we create equity-income and thematic equity-oriented portfolios in a series of unit investment trusts. Additionally, RBA is the index provider for two exchange-traded funds available through First Trust Portfolios: the First Trust RBA American Industrial Renaissance® ETF and the First Trust RBA Quality Income ETF. In 2014, RBA began to offer institutional investors direct separate account management for our global equity and all-asset strategies.
We encourage you to contact us directly should you wish to learn more about RBA and our investment solutions.
For a quick reference RBA Fact Sheet, click here.


















Learn more about Richard Bernstein

































Richard Bernstein Advisors - Main - Edit item
































































 











Richard Bernstein Advisors









 HomeNewsContact UsSitemap




















			Our Products		






RBA strives to be a leading provider of innovative investment solutions. Our competitive edge is our top-down macro approach to style and asset allocation, which differentiates us from the more common bottom-up approach of other asset managers.
Mutual Funds available through Eaton Vance

Eaton Vance Richard Bernstein Equity Strategy Fund
Eaton Vance Richard Bernstein All Asset Strategy Fund

Unit Investment Trusts (UITs) available through First Trust

Richard Bernstein Advisors Quality Income Portfolio
Richard Bernstein Advisors Global Dividend Kings®
Richard Bernstein American Industrial Renaissance®
Richard Bernstein Advisors Japan Opportunities
Richard Bernstein Advisors Focus America Growth & Income

Separately Managed Accounts
RBA offers several asset allocation ETF-driven separately managed account portfolios through select broker-dealers and RIA platforms. Strategies include: 

Global Risk-Balanced Moderate ETF Strategy - available at Merrill Lynch
Global Risk-Balanced Moderate ETF Strategy - available at Morgan Stanley
Global Risk-Balanced Moderate ETF Strategy, Conservative, Moderate & Aggressive - available at Wells Fargo
Conservative, Moderate & Aggressive - available at UBS

For materials and availability please contact us at 212-692-4088 or email us at marketing@rbadvisors.com
Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs) available through First Trust

Richard Bernstein Advisors American Industrial Renaissance®
Richard Bernstein Advisors Quality Income
Strategic Income


Richard Bernstein Advisors Indexes

RBA American Industrial Renaissance® Index
RBA Quality Income Index

Richard Bernstein Advisors Fact Sheet
Download PDF
Contact
If you would like to learn more about RBA's range of capabilities and investment solutions, please contact your regional Portfolio Specialist or:
John J. McCombeEmail John212-692-4008
Jordan RosenEmail Jordan212-692-4028
 



















SIGN UP to receive reports and commentary from RBA >





























RICHARD BERNSTEIN ADVISORS LLC - NEW YORK, NY - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



NEW YORK



Investment Advice



Investment Advice



                            RICHARD BERNSTEIN ADVISORS LLC
                                    



 





















R 


RICHARD BERNSTEIN ADVISORS LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



520 MADISON AVE FL 28 NEW YORK, NY 10022
Get Directions



(212) 692-4000





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $120,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Investment Advice
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Richard Bernstein Advisors Llc was founded in 2010, and is located at 520 Madison Ave Fl 28 in New York. It employs 2 employees and is generating approximately $120,000.00 in annual revenue. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







R

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















Richard Bernstein Advisors







































 











Richard Bernstein Advisors









 HomeNewsContact UsSitemap































Sign Up
Thank you for signing up for the Richard Bernstein Advisors mailing list.
First Name

Last Name

Telephone Number

Email Address

Confirm Email

Company Name

Job Title

Mailing Address (Line 1)

Mailing Address (Line 2)

City

State/Province

Please Select
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
CA - Alberta
CA - British Columbia
CA - Manitoba
CA - New Brunswick
CA - Newfoundland & Labrador
CA - Nova Scotia
CA - Northwest Territories
CA - Nunavut
CA - Ontario
CA - Prince Edward Island
CA - Quebec
CA - Saskatchewan
CA - Yukon

Postal/Zip Code

Country

Type of Investor

Type of Investor...
Financial Advisor
Registered Investment Advisor
Family Office
Institutional
Individual
Media
Other

Are you a Richard Bernstein Advisors client?

No

Yes
Enter Captcha Code:(Dark text only)



Powered by ChronoForms - ChronoEngine.com



























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Richard Bernstein Advisors - Main - Richard Bernstein Advisors

































































 











Richard Bernstein Advisors









 HomeNewsContact UsSitemap




















 








 














 










Insights




7.11.2017

The 3 Ps: politics, profits, and probabilities.Download PDF >







6.13.2017

Active vs. PassiveDownload PDF >







5.9.2017

Fundamentals, Fundamentals, FundamentalsDownload PDF >







4.12.2016

February 11, 2016 was more important than November 8.Download PDF >







3.24.2017

PR Newswire: RBA partners with Hamersley for the institutional businessClick for release >








Media
07.25.2017Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>07.21.2017Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>07.06.2017Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>



Clients






RBA and Eaton Vance Mutual Funds



 Equity Strategy Fund
 All Asset Strategy Fund


RBA ETF Managed Portfolios
ETF Managed Portfolios





RBA and First Trust UITs and ETFs
Quality Income Portfolio
American Industrial Renaissance Portfolio
Focus America Growth & Income Portfolio



Follow RBA on
Follow RBA on 



































What's in Your ETF Portfolio? - Richard Bernstein Advisors - Commentaries - Advisor Perspectives











































Helping advisors enable clients to achieve their financial goals


Toggle navigation









Advanced Search


 
            Subscribe
          

            Log In
          






















What's in Your ETF Portfolio?by Richard Bernstein of Richard Bernstein Advisors, 2/13/17





ETFs continue to play a highly disruptive role in money management. RBA has embraced this trend by employing what we refer to as Pactive™ Management, which is the active allocation, whether strategic or tactical, of passive investment instruments such as ETFs, stock baskets, and index funds. These Pactive™ portfolios have quickly become the fastest growing part of our business.
We have refuted the concerns of some critics of ETFs, however, we join some of the naysayers when it comes to “Factor ETFs.” Our research suggests that Factor ETFs’ actual sources of returns often have little, if anything, to do with the factor* included in the ETF name (i.e., value, growth, or size).
* Factor as defined by a leading risk model provider
X-Raying ETFs
RBA’s approach to ETF management is quite different from that of most ETF managers. Our clients’ portfolios typically contain
10-20 ETFs, but internally at RBA we manage the portfolio using the underlying holdings of the ETFs, i.e., as though our portfolio had hundreds or even thousands of securities. When searching for a new ETF, RBA looks beyond basic characteristics like management fees, liquidity, etc., and searches for ETFs that best fit with the existing ETFs in the portfolio while aiming for certain overall portfolio-level exposures. Those exposure goals might relate to size, style, sector, geography, quality, yield, etc.
We call this process of managing ETF portfolios via the underlying holdings “X-Raying” the ETFs, and our x-ray analyses have become increasingly important as the number of ETFs has multiplied. Because there are now so many ETFs from which to choose, our analyses have had to become more sophisticated to ensure that our clients’ portfolios are structured as closely as possible to the desired targeted exposures.
Issue #1: The Cyclicality of Factors
While at Merrill Lynch in 1991, we began publishing Quantitative Profiles. The “QP,” as it was known, was ground breaking at the time because it was the first widely published research that examined the cyclicality and efficacy of various stock selection strategies and factors. This research led to a book called “Style Investing – Unique Insights into Equity Management” (John Wiley & Sons, 1995), which was the seminal book regarding the timing of styles and factors.
Our research clearly determined that styles and factors were highly cyclical, and that one’s portfolio could have significant periods of underperformance if one naively invested in one side of a style decision (e.g., small versus large capitalization stocks).
Investors in today’s Factor ETFs must be cognizant of the potential cyclicality of factor performance, and need to fully understand how the macroeconomy can influence a particular factor’s performance and for how long.
Issue #2: Are the potential returns of Factor ETFs driven by the named factor?
One would think that a Factor ETF’s performance would be driven by the factor advertised in its name. Our proprietary research shows that most factor ETFs are hardly pure investments in the named factor. Worse yet, the specific named factor often had little influence on a Factor ETF’s sources of potential return.

          




Chart 1 shows the risk decomposition of some of the most popular “value” factor ETFs. The bars in the chart highlight that the proportion of the underlying value portfolios’ risk (i.e., a source of potential return) has been attributable to value, growth, other possible factors (such as size, momentum, exchange rate sensitivity, liquidity, etc.), industry concentration, and stock specific risk. The dark green portion in each bar is the value contribution. In no case was value the primary contributor to portfolio risk in any of the value ETFs. The largest contribution was about 25%. In nearly every case, industry exposure was a larger determinant of risk than was value. In fairness, some of these value factor ETFs include a negative bet on growth. However, even the contribution of value and negative-growth rarely outweighs the industry and stock specific risks.

Source: Richard Bernstein Advisors, Axioma Inc.
Some ETFs may show values below 0% or above 100% due to diversification benefits of certain factors which detract from portfolio variance.
We found similar issues with growth factor ETFs. Chart 2 shows the risk decomposition of some popular growth ETFs. Most of these ETFs derive their growth exposure by taking a negative bet on value. However, it is clear in the chart that industry and stock specific risk overwhelm the growth and value factor exposures.

Source: Richard Bernstein Advisors, Axioma Inc.
The risk related to size-related ETFs seems to be more associated with size. As Chart 3 highlights, size contributes roughly 35-55% to the total risk of the major size ETFs. In one case, however, the combination of industry and stock specific risks is considerably larger than is the size risk.

Source: Richard Bernstein Advisors, Axioma Inc.

          




Some ETFs may show values below 0% or above 100% due to diversification benefits of certain factors which detract from portfolio variance.
What’s in your ETF portfolio?
RBA’s proprietary research examines both the timing of factor cyclicality and the factor risk decomposition of ETFs. We think both are critically important to successful ETF portfolio investing.
Our analyses of some of the most popular factor ETFs suggest that the factor advertised in the ETF’s name is rarely the primary source of a factor ETF’s potential returns. One might think one has a portfolio allocated to value within one’s portfolio only to find that the true allocation is to a particular industry.
Our research over the past 25 years definitively shows that factor performance is highly cyclical. The annual Dalbar studies of mutual fund flows suggest that investors have been very poor timers of these factor cycles. We strongly doubt that investors will be any more successful in their timing of growth and value ETFs than they were in their timing of growth and value mutual funds.
So, with apologies to the credit card company, what’s in your ETF portfolio?









Special thanks to Stacy Hendler for her ETF analysis.









© Copyright 2017 Richard Bernstein Advisors LLC. All rights reserved. PAST PERFORMANCE IS NO GUARANTEE OF FUTURE RESULTS
Nothing contained herein constitutes tax, legal, insurance or investment advice, or the recommendation of or an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy or invest in any investment product, vehicle, service or instrument. Such an offer or solicitation may only be made by delivery to a prospective investor of formal offering materials, including subscription or account documents or forms, which include detailed discussions of the terms of the respective product, vehicle, service or instrument, including the principal risk factors that might impact such a purchase or investment, and which should be reviewed carefully by any such investor before making the decision to invest. Links to appearances and articles by Richard Bernstein, whether in the press, on television or otherwise, are provided for informational purposes only and in no way should be considered a recommendation of any particular investment product, vehicle, service or instrument or the rendering of investment advice, which must always be evaluated by
a prospective investor in consultation with his or her own financial adviser and in light of his or her own circumstances, including the investor’s investment horizon, appetite for risk, and ability to withstand a potential loss of some or all of an investment’s value. Investing is subject to market risks. Investors acknowledge and accept the potential loss of some or all of an investment’s value. Past performance is, of course, no guarantee of future results. Views represented are subject to change at the sole discretion of Richard Bernstein Advisors LLC. Richard Bernstein Advisors LLC does not undertake to advise you of any changes in the views expressed herein.
© Richard Bernstein Advisors LLC


Related Tags: 

ETF


Mutual Fund


Mutual Funds


ETFs


Insurance


Yield


Equity


Stock


Stocks


Active


Allocation


Factor


Stock selection


Stock selection









Featured Channels
















Week


Month


Year


Trending





Articles


Commentary






What Drives Municipal Bond Yields?
                

by Larry Swedroe, 7/20/17




Date Your Way to More AUM
                

by Dan Solin, 7/24/17




The Pension Crisis and the Muni Bond Market
                

by Robert Huebscher, 6/25/17




Bob Rodriguez – We are Witnessing the Development of a “Perfect Storm”
                

by Robert Huebscher, 6/27/17




The Case for Owning Gold
                

by Robert Huebscher, 7/26/17






Three Black Swans

by John Mauldin of Mauldin Economics, 7/22/17




Schwab Market Perspective: Are Danger Signs Rising…or Will the Bull Run Continue?

by Liz Ann Sonders, Brad Sorensen, Jeffrey Kleintop of Charles Schwab, 7/21/17




“Mother of All Bubbles” Keeps Gold in Focus

by Frank Holmes of U.S. Global Investors, 7/22/17




Bill Gross July 2017 Investment Outlook: Curveball

by Bill Gross of Janus Henderson Investors, 7/20/17




Salient Features of Bull Market Peaks

by John Hussman of Hussman Funds, 7/24/17








Articles


Commentary






Bob Rodriguez – We are Witnessing the Development of a “Perfect Storm”

by Robert Huebscher, 6/27/17




What Advisors Need to Know About Cryptocurrencies

by Michael Edesess, 7/3/17




The Surprising Connection Between Cortisol and AUM

by Dan Solin, 7/10/17




A New Definition of Advisors’ Value-Add

by Dan Solin, 7/3/17




Seven Surprising Insights about Advisory Fees

by Bob Veres, 7/17/17






Three Black Swans

by John Mauldin of Mauldin Economics, 7/22/17




2017 Mid-year US Equity Outlook: Rattle and Hum

by Liz Ann Sonders of Charles Schwab, 7/5/17




Prepare for Turbulence

by John Mauldin of Mauldin Economics, 7/9/17




Into Thin Air

by Russ Koesterich of BlackRock, 7/7/17




I Do Indeed Believe the US Market Will Revert Toward Its Old Means – Just Very Slowly

by Jeremy Grantham of GMO, 6/29/17








Articles


Commentary






Gundlach’s Forecast for 2017

by Robert Huebscher, 1/11/17




Bob Rodriguez – We are Witnessing the Development of a “Perfect Storm”

by Robert Huebscher, 6/27/17




Harry Markopolos – Who Exposed Madoff – Has Uncovered a New Fraud

by Robert Huebscher, 6/11/17




Jeremy Siegel – Why Long-term Investors Should Own Stocks: Bonds are “Dangerous”

by Robert Huebscher, 11/28/16




Gundlach – The Tipping Point for Stocks and Bonds

by Robert Huebscher, 12/14/16






Bob Farrell’s Illustrated 10-Investment Rules

by Lance Roberts of Real Investment Advice, 9/19/16




GMO Quarterly Letter

by Ben Inker, Jeremy Grantham of GMO, 11/8/16




What Could Go Wrong?

by John Mauldin of Mauldin Economics, 12/31/16




Dalbar: Why Investors Suck And Tips For Advisors

by Lance Roberts of Streettalk Live, 4/8/15




The Economic Risk of Ignoring Arithmetic

by John Hussman of Hussman Funds, 1/9/17

















































Subscribe


Newsletters


Advertise


Submissions


About Us


Privacy


Contact Us





      © 2017, Advisor Perspectives, Inc. All rights reserved.
    


















Richard Bernstein Advisors - Media
































































 











Richard Bernstein Advisors









 HomeNewsContact UsSitemap











































Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Airtime: Tue Jul 25, 2017
Rich on investor sentiment
Link to CNBC >










Media










































RELATED VIDEOS07.25.2017Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>07.21.2017Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>07.06.2017Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>06.22.2017Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>05.31.2017Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>05.22.2017Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>05.16.2017Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>04.21.2017Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>04.17.2017Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>03.20.2017Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>02.23.2017Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>02.23.2017Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>02.15.2017Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>01.30.2017Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>01.30.2017Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>01.13.2017Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>01.04.2017Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>12.22.2016Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>12.16.2016Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>12.06.2016Richard Bernstein
Watch Video >>11.23.2016Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>11.09.2016Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>11.07.2016Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>10.07.2016Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>09.27.2016Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>09.20.2016Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>09.19.2016Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>09.13.2016Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>08.22.2016Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>08.04.2016Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>07.15.2016Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>07.13.2016Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>07.06.2016Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>06.23.2016Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>06.21.2016Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>05.20.2016Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>04.22.2016Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>04.12.2016Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>03.18.2016Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>03.07.2016Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>02.18.2016Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>02.10.2016Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>01.13.2016Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>01.07.2016Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>01.06.2016Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>12.23.2015Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>12.22.2015Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>10.29.2015Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>07.28.2015Richard Bernstein on CNBC 
Watch Video >>07.08.2015Richard Bernstein on CNBC 
Watch Video >>07.02.2015Richard Bernstein on CNBC 
Watch Video >>






















































Richard Bernstein Advisors AUM surpasses $4 Billion - The Business Journals



































Menu









Select a City



National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita

















Limited Time Offer
Subscribe Now







 Search


× Close











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 




Your Account


Welcome
Your Account 










Sign In
Existing Users




Create Your FREE Account
Don't have an account?




 






Your Account




Subscriptions




Newsletters


 

Custom Notifications




My Custom Site




Manage Site Users


 

Sign Out











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 











 Search








 Home




Industries & Topics 




All Industries & Topics



Banking & Financial Services




Career & Workplace




Commercial Real Estate




Education




Energy




Food & Lifestyle




Government & Regulations




Health Care




Manufacturing




Media & Marketing




Philanthropy & Nonprofits




Professional Services




Residential Real Estate




Retailing




Sports Business




Technology




Transportation




Travel & Tourism




Sponsored Content



CRE Now




We Value Your Business




Office Environments




Small Business Marketing




Know Your Neighborhood










News 





News



Latest News




Business Pulse




Press Releases






 


Lists & Awards 





Lists



All Lists




Build Your Own Lists






 


People & Companies 





Companies



Top Private Companies




Find Businesses for Sale




Search for Company News





People



People on the Move




Contact Top Executives




Executive Profiles




Search for People in the News






 


Events 





Events



Business Event Calendar




Nominations






 


More… 






Jobs
Find or post a job




Store
Subscriptions, reprints & more









How To
Grow your business, advance your career




Thought Leadership
Trends, tips and insights from our partners





 


Subscribers 








Manage your Account






 


About & Contact 








About The Business Journals




Advertise




Help & FAQs




Call Center Directory






 


Apps & Syndication 








Newsletters






 


ACBJ Publications 








Bizwomen




Upstart




Hemmings




Sports Business Journal




Inside Lacrosse




BostInno




DCInno




ChicagoInno




AustinInno






 


Select a City 




National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita







Follow us




 Twitter


 LinkedIn


 Facebook


 Google +













 






Press Releases



Richard Bernstein Advisors AUM surpasses $4 Billion






Mar 8, 2017, 8:30am EST














NEW YORK, March 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Richard Bernstein Advisors (RBA) announced today that assets under management and advisement surpassed four billion dollars as of February 28th, 2017. 



Richard Bernstein, RBA's CEO and CIO said "at a time when active managers are under siege, RBA's strategies generally outperformed in 2016 and on a three and five year basis as well (as of December 31, 2016).  Rich added:  "RBA's investment team has done an outstanding job – across all of our products - mutual funds, SMA's, UIT's and quantitative indices."
RBA is unique in that it combines a "top-down" macro approach utilizing proprietary indicators with quantitative security selection. RBA manages portfolios geared to global asset allocation, global equity allocation, income allocation, and undiscovered investment themes. 
John McCombe, President of RBA noted "our "Pactive®" ETF portfolios have fueled our recent growth with a combination of strong performance and low fees.  These tactical, balanced - asset allocation strategies utilize passive vehicles to achieve their objectives thus combining active management with passive, lower fee ETFs.  We continue to see ongoing demand from investors in this space."     
About Richard Bernstein Advisors
Richard Bernstein Advisors LLC is an independent investment adviser. RBA acts as sub-advisor for the Eaton Vance Richard Bernstein Equity Strategy Fund and the Eaton Vance Richard Bernstein All-Asset Strategy Fund, and also offers income and theme-oriented unit trusts through First Trust. RBA manages ETF asset allocation SMA portfolios at UBS, Merrill Lynch, Morgan Stanley, Ameriprise, Wells Fargo and select RIA platforms. Additionally, RBA is the index provider for two ETFs available through First Trust: the First Trust RBA American Industrial Renaissance® ETF and the First Trust Quality Income ETF. RBA's investment insights as well as further information about the firm and products can be found at www.RBAdvisors.com. Financial advisors and investors can also sign up to receive ongoing investment commentary and other alerts. 
About Richard Bernstein 
Richard Bernstein is the chief executive officer and chief investment officer of Richard Bernstein Advisors LLC.  In his role as CIO, Rich leads RBA's Investment Committee, which manages all of the firm's investments, and performs executive management functions as CEO.
Before founding RBA, Mr. Bernstein was the Chief Investment Strategist at Merrill Lynch. He was a member of the Institutional Investor "All-America Research Team" 18 years, and is a member of the Institutional Investor "Hall of Fame", an honor given to only 57 of the nearly 15,000 analysts ever cited in the magazine. He presently serves as a Trustee of Hamilton College and of the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation. Mr. Bernstein is a member of the Advisory Board of the Journal of Portfolio Management and is a former Adjunct Professor at the NYU/Stern Graduate School of Business. He has a BA in Economics from Hamilton College and an MBA from NYU. 
About John McCombe 
John McCombe is the President of Richard Bernstein Advisors.  John helps set the overall strategy of RBA and is responsible for sales, new products and distribution partners. Prior to joining RBA, Mr. McCombe was the Executive Vice President and Director of Retail Sales and Marketing at Cohen & Steers and President of Cohen & Steers Distributors. Over his 13 years there, he was the chief architect of their retail fund and distribution business. Mr. McCombe also spent 14 years at Merrill Lynch in a variety of sales and marketing roles, including, most notably, seven years in "retail syndicate" where he focused on closed-end fund IPOs.   John holds a BS degree from Fordham University and an MBA from Pace University.  John also serves as an adjunct professor at Fordham University's Gabelli's School of Business and he sits on several not-for-profit boards.
© Copyright 2017 Richard Bernstein Advisors LLC.  All rights reserved.
Nothing contained herein constitutes tax, legal, insurance or investment advice, or the recommendation of or an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy or invest in, any investment product, vehicle, service or instrument.  Such an offer or solicitation may only be made by delivery to a prospective investor of formal offering materials, including subscription or account documents or forms, which include detailed discussions of the terms of the respective product, vehicle, service or instrument, including the principal risk factors that might impact such a purchase or investment, and which should be reviewed carefully by any such investor before making the decision to invest.  Links  to appearances and articles by Richard Bernstein, whether in the press, on television or otherwise, are provided for informational purposes only and in no way should be considered a recommendation of any particular investment product, vehicle, service or instrument or the rendering of investment advice, which must always be evaluated by a prospective investor in consultation with his or her own financial adviser and in light of his or her own circumstances, including the investor's investment horizon, appetite for risk, and ability to withstand a potential loss of some or all of an investment's value.  Investing is an inherently risky activity, and investors must always be prepared to potentially lose some or all of an investment's value.  Past performance is, of course, no guarantee of future results.


To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/richard-bernstein-advisors-aum-surpasses-4-billion-300419527.html
SOURCE  Richard Bernstein Advisors




The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. All rights reserved. Reproduction or redistribution of this content without prior written consent from PR Newswire is strictly prohibited.  is not responsible for this content. Learn more about this service.








 





 





About PR Newswire







                                            The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. The Business Journals is not responsible for this content.
                                        



Learn More







 









 
 


 


  








Pactive® Investing - Richard Bernstein Advisors - Commentaries - Advisor Perspectives











































Helping advisors enable clients to achieve their financial goals


Toggle navigation









Advanced Search


 
            Subscribe
          

            Log In
          






















Pactive® Investingby Richard Bernstein of Richard Bernstein Advisors, 3/7/17





2016 was a terrible year for the performance of active stock pickers. According to Bank of America Merrill Lynch, 81% of US Large Cap active funds underperformed their benchmark1. Although we doubt that stock pickers will continue to underperform quite as badly as they did last year, investors seem to be waking up to the inherent performance problems for traditional active managers. It is difficult for every stock picker to outperform when there are so many stock picking funds and so few managers willing to take sizable risks within their portfolios.
We are not stock pickers at RBA. We have never made a claim to be able to differentiate stock A from stock B, and will never make such a claim. Rather, our performance is based on meaningful macro positions based on asset allocation, size, style, geography, quality, and other market segments.
Pactive® investing, the active management of passive investments like ETFs, is RBA’s specialty. The growing breadth and depth of the ETF market leads us to believe that RBA is uniquely positioned to combine the most important aspects of both passive and active management.
Passive investments are NOT a panacea for poor active management
When we started RBA in 2009, we emphasized that the firm was a manager of beta. Alpha is important, but if one doesn’t make superior beta allocations, then alpha can be totally irrelevant. For example, an active, stock picking manager might outperform a benchmark by several hundred basis points, but if the benchmark’s return was -20%, then the investor nonetheless received a substantial negative return. At RBA, we drive our alpha through beta allocation, i.e., through macro decisions rather than through individual stock selection.
Investors’ returns during the “lost decade” in equities were a perfect example of poor beta management. The widely held view during the late-1990s was that “stocks for the long term” was a winning strategy, and that one couldn’t go wrong with a simple S&P 500® index fund. Unfortunately, the S&P 500R underperformed many other stock indices during the next 10 years. The idea that a passive investment, in this case an S&P 500® index fund, was a definitive route to better returns was clearly wrong because investors had forgotten the most important decision was which index fund to buy and when!
Today, ETFs are considered a solution to inferior active returns, but the problems regarding which ETF to buy and when to tactically buy them will likely continue to be a significant challenge. Chart 1 shows the relative performance between small cap and large cap US stocks (the Russell 2000® vs. the S&P 500®). Small caps were outperforming large caps when the line is going up, and vice versa. Small cap relative outperformance peaked in mid- 1984, and then proceeded to underperform for most of the next 15 years.

Source: Bloomberg Finance L.P.

          




One might say this is an extreme and very long-term example, but there are many shorter-term examples we could cite. Chart 2 shows a more recent example between Emerging Market stocks and US stocks. Coming out of the 2008 bear market, most asset allocators favored Emerging Market stocks over US stocks. However, a portfolio allocated to Emerging Markets anytime from 2008 to 2011 would have significantly underperformed one allocated to US stocks.

Source: Bloomberg Finance L.P. 
Although many profess to be “long-term investors”, the turns in asset class leadership can be very meaningful even year by year, and often have a backward-looking effect on investor positioning. Chart 3 shows asset class performance during 2015 when global profitability was waning versus asset class performance in 2016 when global profitability was accelerating. Some of 2015’s worst performing asset classes became 2016’s best performers. Investors should clearly have a long-term strategic investment plan, but tactical allocation can have a consequential impact on portfolio performance.

Source: Richard Bernstein Advisors LLC, MSCI, HFRI, Standard & Poors. BofA Merrill Lynch, Bloomberg. For Index descriptors, see “index Descriptions” at end of document.
Anyone can do this!...Maybe not.
One might think that allocation of ETFs is easier than picking active managers, and therefore, anyone can be a Pactive® manager. Several points suggest otherwise:

RBA has trademarked Pactive® because we feel our macro-based approach to investing is quite unique. For more insight as to how RBA approaches ETF selection and allocation, please see this earlier report. http://rbadvisors.com/images/pdfs/Whats_in_your_ETF_Portfolio.pdf


Regardless of whether one uses passive ETFs or active mutual funds one must remember that both are simply portfolios of assets. Investors’ general inability to tactically allocate active funds seems likely to translate to an inability to tactically allocate ETFs.


Dalbar data supports our contention in the second bullet. The “typical investor” has performed very poorly over the past 20 years (see Chart 4). The “typical investor” will likely be similarly unsuccessful when tactically picking ETFs as they have been when picking mutual funds. Most investors tend to buy high and sell low. Why would that behavior be any different when they invest in ETFs?



Source: Richard Bernstein Advisors LLC., Bloomberg, MSCI, Standard & Poor’s, Russell,HFRI, BofA Merrill Lynch, Dalbar, FHFA ,FRB, FTSE. Total Returns in USD. Average Investor returns are represented by Dalbar’s investor returns which represent the change in total mutual fund assets after excluding sales, redemptions and exchanges.

          




Fees play a major role in performance
A 2014 SEC report (https://www.sec.gov/investor/alerts/ib_fees_expenses.pdf) outlines the effects that manager fees can have on long-term performance. The report demonstrates that even small increases in manager fees can have a significant detrimental effect on wealth building.
Pactive® strategies are relatively low fee strategies largely because there is no need to support a substantial analyst infrastructure necessary to research hundreds, if not thousands, of individual companies. We feel the potential improvement in performance versus the Dalbar performance history would more than compensate for the strategies’ relatively low fees.
In addition, Pactive® portfolios are transparent and liquid. The trend in many areas of investment management has been toward higher fees, less transparency, and investor illiquidity. Pactive® seems to push back on those trends.
Pactive® investing’s bright future.
Pactive® investing seems to have a very bright future for the following reasons:

It is a unique combination of active and passive management, i.e., the active management of passive investments.


It is tactical, and can take advantage of significant changes in asset class leadership.


It is relatively low fee active management.


It is transparent and liquid.



There is a skill involved to allocating ETFs. History suggests that most investors are quite poor at asset allocation and equity allocation.

INDEX DESCRIPTIONS:
The following descriptions, while believed to be accurate, are in some cases abbreviated versions of more detailed or comprehensive definitions available from the sponsors or originators of the respective indices. Anyone interested in such further details is free to consult each such sponsor’s or originator’s website.
The past performance of an index is not a guarantee of future results.
Each index reflects an unmanaged universe of securities without any deduction for advisory fees or other expenses that would reduce actual returns, as well as the reinvestment of all income and dividends. An actual investment in the securities included in the index would require an investor to incur transaction costs, which would lower the performance results. Indices are not actively managed and investors cannot invest directly in the indices.
S&P 500®: Standard & Poor’s (S&P) 500® Index. The S&P 500® Index is an unmanaged, capitalization-weighted index designed to measure the performance of the broad US economy through changes in the aggregate market value of 500 stocks representing all major industries.
ACWI®: MSCI All Country World Index (ACWI®): The MSCI ACWI® Index is a widely recognized, free-float-adjusted, market-capitalization-weighted index designed to measure the equity-market performance of developed markets.
ACWI® ex US: MSCI ACWI® excluding United States Index: The MSCI World Index ex-US index is a free-float-adjusted, market-capitalization-weighted index designed to measure the equity-market performance of developed markets excluding the United States.
Gold: Gold Spot USD/oz Bloomberg GOLDS Commodity. The Gold Spot price is quoted as US Dollars per Troy Ounce.
Hedge Fund Index: HFRI Fund Weighted Composite Index. The HFRI Fund Weighted Composite Index is a global, equal-weighted index of over 2,000 single-manager funds that report to the HFR (Hedge Fund Research) database. Constituent funds report monthly net-of-all-fees performance in USD and have a minimum of $50 million under management or a twelve (12)-month track record of active performance. The Index includes both domestic (US) and offshore funds, and does not include any funds of funds.
3-Mo T-Bills: BofA Merrill Lynch 3-Month US Treasury Bill Index. The BofA Merrill Lynch 3-Month US Treasury Bill Index is comprised of a single issue purchased at the beginning of the month and held for a full month. The Index is rebalanced monthly and the issue selected is the outstanding Treasury Bill that matures closest to, but not beyond, three months from the rebalancing date.
Long-term Treasury Index: BofA Merrill Lynch 15+ Year US Treasury Index. The BofA Merrill Lynch 15+ Year US Treasury Index is an unmanaged index comprised of US Treasury securities, other than inflation-protected securities and STRIPS, with at least $1 billion in outstanding face value and a remaining term to final maturity of at least 15 years.
© Copyright 2017 Richard Bernstein Advisors LLC. All rights reserved.
PAST PERFORMANCE IS NO GUARANTEE OF FUTURE RESULTS
Nothing contained herein constitutes tax, legal, insurance or investment advice, or the recommendation of or an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy or invest in any investment product, vehicle, service or instrument. Such an offer or solicitation may only be made by delivery to a prospective investor of formal offering materials, including subscription or account documents or forms, which include detailed discussions of the terms of the respective product, vehicle, service or instrument, including the principal risk factors that might impact such a purchase or investment, and which should be reviewed carefully by any such investor before making the decision to invest. Links to appearances and articles by Richard Bernstein, whether in the press, on television or otherwise, are provided for informational purposes only and in no way should be considered a recommendation of any particular investment product, vehicle, service or instrument or the rendering of investment advice, which must always be evaluated by a prospective investor in consultation with his or her own financial adviser and in light of his or her own circumstances, including the investor’s investment horizon, appetite for risk, and ability to withstand a potential loss of some or all of an investment’s value. Investing is subject to market risks. Investors acknowledge and accept the potential loss of some or all of an investment’s value. Past performance is, of course, no guarantee of future results. Views represented are subject to change at the sole discretion of Richard Bernstein Advisors LLC. Richard Bernstein Advisors LLC does not undertake to advise you of any changes in the views expressed herein.


1 US Mutual Fund Performance Update, 2016 was tough; will 2017 be better? BofAML, January 5, 2017




Related Tags: 

ETF


Mutual Fund


Mutual Funds


ETFs


Equal-weighted


Insurance


Dividends


Equity


Equities


Stock


Stocks


Gold


Active


Active Management


Allocation


Asset Allocation


Emerging Markets


Inflation


Income


Stock selection


Stock selection


Stock picking


Stock picking


Outperform


Alpha









Featured Channels
















Week


Month


Year


Trending





Articles


Commentary






What Drives Municipal Bond Yields?
                

by Larry Swedroe, 7/20/17




Date Your Way to More AUM
                

by Dan Solin, 7/24/17




The Pension Crisis and the Muni Bond Market
                

by Robert Huebscher, 6/25/17




Bob Rodriguez – We are Witnessing the Development of a “Perfect Storm”
                

by Robert Huebscher, 6/27/17




The Case for Owning Gold
                

by Robert Huebscher, 7/26/17






Three Black Swans

by John Mauldin of Mauldin Economics, 7/22/17




Schwab Market Perspective: Are Danger Signs Rising…or Will the Bull Run Continue?

by Liz Ann Sonders, Brad Sorensen, Jeffrey Kleintop of Charles Schwab, 7/21/17




“Mother of All Bubbles” Keeps Gold in Focus

by Frank Holmes of U.S. Global Investors, 7/22/17




Bill Gross July 2017 Investment Outlook: Curveball

by Bill Gross of Janus Henderson Investors, 7/20/17




Salient Features of Bull Market Peaks

by John Hussman of Hussman Funds, 7/24/17








Articles


Commentary






Bob Rodriguez – We are Witnessing the Development of a “Perfect Storm”

by Robert Huebscher, 6/27/17




What Advisors Need to Know About Cryptocurrencies

by Michael Edesess, 7/3/17




The Surprising Connection Between Cortisol and AUM

by Dan Solin, 7/10/17




A New Definition of Advisors’ Value-Add

by Dan Solin, 7/3/17




Seven Surprising Insights about Advisory Fees

by Bob Veres, 7/17/17






Three Black Swans

by John Mauldin of Mauldin Economics, 7/22/17




2017 Mid-year US Equity Outlook: Rattle and Hum

by Liz Ann Sonders of Charles Schwab, 7/5/17




Prepare for Turbulence

by John Mauldin of Mauldin Economics, 7/9/17




Into Thin Air

by Russ Koesterich of BlackRock, 7/7/17




I Do Indeed Believe the US Market Will Revert Toward Its Old Means – Just Very Slowly

by Jeremy Grantham of GMO, 6/29/17








Articles


Commentary






Gundlach’s Forecast for 2017

by Robert Huebscher, 1/11/17




Bob Rodriguez – We are Witnessing the Development of a “Perfect Storm”

by Robert Huebscher, 6/27/17




Harry Markopolos – Who Exposed Madoff – Has Uncovered a New Fraud

by Robert Huebscher, 6/11/17




Jeremy Siegel – Why Long-term Investors Should Own Stocks: Bonds are “Dangerous”

by Robert Huebscher, 11/28/16




Gundlach – The Tipping Point for Stocks and Bonds

by Robert Huebscher, 12/14/16






Bob Farrell’s Illustrated 10-Investment Rules

by Lance Roberts of Real Investment Advice, 9/19/16




GMO Quarterly Letter

by Ben Inker, Jeremy Grantham of GMO, 11/8/16




What Could Go Wrong?

by John Mauldin of Mauldin Economics, 12/31/16




Dalbar: Why Investors Suck And Tips For Advisors

by Lance Roberts of Streettalk Live, 4/8/15




The Economic Risk of Ignoring Arithmetic

by John Hussman of Hussman Funds, 1/9/17

















































Subscribe


Newsletters


Advertise


Submissions


About Us


Privacy


Contact Us





      © 2017, Advisor Perspectives, Inc. All rights reserved.
    


















Richard Bernstein Advisors - Media - Joe Zidle on CNBC 393







































































 











Richard Bernstein Advisors









 HomeNewsContact UsSitemap
























 


Joe Zidle on CNBCAirtime: Wed Dec 23, 2015
Joe on market opportunities for 2016
Link to CNBC >
 






Media



































 



RELATED VIDEOS
07.25.2017Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>07.21.2017Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>07.06.2017Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>06.22.2017Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>05.31.2017Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>05.22.2017Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>05.16.2017Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>04.21.2017Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>04.17.2017Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>03.20.2017Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>02.23.2017Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>02.23.2017Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>02.15.2017Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>01.30.2017Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>01.30.2017Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>01.13.2017Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>01.04.2017Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>12.22.2016Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>12.16.2016Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>12.06.2016Richard Bernstein
Watch Video >>11.23.2016Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>11.09.2016Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>11.07.2016Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>10.07.2016Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>09.27.2016Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>09.20.2016Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>09.19.2016Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>09.13.2016Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>08.22.2016Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>08.04.2016Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>07.15.2016Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>07.13.2016Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>07.06.2016Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>06.23.2016Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>06.21.2016Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>05.20.2016Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>04.22.2016Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>04.12.2016Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>03.18.2016Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>03.07.2016Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>02.18.2016Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>02.10.2016Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>01.13.2016Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>01.07.2016Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>01.06.2016Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>12.23.2015Joe Zidle on CNBC
Watch Video >>12.22.2015Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>10.29.2015Richard Bernstein on CNBC
Watch Video >>07.28.2015Richard Bernstein on CNBC 
Watch Video >>07.08.2015Richard Bernstein on CNBC 
Watch Video >>07.02.2015Richard Bernstein on CNBC 
Watch Video >> 





















Air Products and Chemicals (NYSE:APD) Stock Price, News & Analysis






















    























































































Air Products and Chemicals Company Profile (NYSE:APD)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About Air Products and Chemicals (NYSE:APD)
Air Products and Chemicals, Inc., is an industrial gases company. The Company's Industrial Gases business provides atmospheric and process gases and related equipment to manufacturing markets, including refining and petrochemical, metals, electronics, and food and beverage. The Company is also a supplier of liquefied natural gas process technology and equipment. The Company operates through five segments: Industrial Gases-Americas, Industrial Gases-Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA), Industrial Gases-Asia, Industrial Gases-Global, and Corporate and other. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Basic Materials
Industry: Commodity Chemicals - NEC
Sub-Industry: Industrial Gases
Symbol: NYSE:APD
CUSIP: 00915810
Web: www.airproducts.com

Capitalization:Market Cap: $31.33055 billionOutstanding Shares: 217,724,000Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $144.49200 Day Moving Avg: $141.8552 Week Range: $129.00 - $150.45


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: 9.93Foreward P/E Ratio: 21.34P/E Growth: 7.44Sales & Book Value:Annual Revenue: $9.74 billionPrice / Sales: 3.21Book Value: $42.79 per sharePrice / Book: 3.36Dividend:Annual Dividend: $3.80Dividend Yield: 2.6%


Profitability:EBIDTA: $3.14 billionNet Margins: 36.19%Return on Equity: 19.26%Return on Assets: 8.68%Debt:Debt-to-Equity Ratio: 0.35%Current Ratio: 2.03%Quick Ratio: 1.91%Misc:Average Volume: 1.21 million shs.Beta: 1.26Short Ratio: 2.37

 

Frequently Asked Questions for Air Products and Chemicals (NYSE:APD)
What is Air Products and Chemicals' stock symbol?

Air Products and Chemicals trades on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the ticker symbol "APD."



How often does Air Products and Chemicals pay dividends? What is the dividend yield for Air Products and Chemicals?

Air Products and Chemicals announced a quarterly dividend on Thursday, July 20th. Investors of record on Tuesday, October 10th will be paid a dividend of $0.95 per share on Monday, November 13th. This represents a $3.80 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.65%. The ex-dividend date is Friday, October 6th.  View Air Products and Chemicals' Dividend History.



How were Air Products and Chemicals' earnings last quarter?

Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD) posted its earnings results on Thursday, July, 28th. The company reported $1.92 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters' consensus estimate of $1.91 by $0.01. The firm earned $2.43 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts' expectations of $2.41 billion. Air Products and Chemicals had a net margin of 36.19% and a return on equity of 19.26%. Air Products and Chemicals's revenue was down 1.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $1.65 earnings per share.  View Air Products and Chemicals' Earnings History.



When will Air Products and Chemicals make its next earnings announcement?

Air Products and Chemicals is scheduled to release their next quarterly earnings announcement on Tuesday, August, 1st 2017. View Earnings Estimates for Air Products and Chemicals.



Where is Air Products and Chemicals' stock going? Where will Air Products and Chemicals' stock price be in 2017?

12 brokers have issued twelve-month price objectives for Air Products and Chemicals' stock. Their predictions range from $131.00 to $167.00. On average, they anticipate Air Products and Chemicals' share price to reach $152.92 in the next year. View Analyst Ratings for Air Products and Chemicals.



What are analysts saying about Air Products and Chemicals stock?

Here are some recent quotes from research analysts about Air Products and Chemicals stock: 
1. According to Zacks Investment Research, "Air Products’ second-quarter fiscal 2017 adjusted earnings topped the Zacks Consensus Estimate. Sales rose by double-digits year over year, and beat expectations. Air Products has a strong project backlog and benefits from cost-reduction measures and a diverse customer base. Moreover, acquisitions, strategic investments and new business deals are expected to continue to support results in fiscal 2017. However, the company’s industrial gases business in the EMEA region is seeing pressure from a weak operating environment. The company is also seeing lower volumes in Latin America due to weak demand. Moreover, volumes in packaged gases continue to be weak while LNG sales remain under pressure due to low project activity. The company is also exposed to currency headwinds." (5/1/2017)
2. Jefferies Group LLC analysts commented, "KMI will hold an Analyst Conference in Houston on Jan. 25th to review operations, discuss strategic initiatives, and profile financial guidance. We expect mgmt to detail 2017 financial projections, expanding upon preliminary estimates it offered in December. Moreover, we anticipate significant discussion of its $12B project backlog and efforts to potentially partner on certain assets and/or otherwise work to minimize risk while extracting value. 2017 guidance. On Dec. 5th, KMI initiated 2017 adjusted EBITDA & DCF guidance of ~ $7.2B and ~$4.46B, respectively, and noted plans to deploy ~$3.2B on growth initiatives with anticipated YE leverage of ~5.4x (debt/EBITDA). As is its historic custom, we expect mgmt to greatly expand upon this preliminary outlook at its Analyst Conference and anticipate segment-specific forecasts will be forthcoming. As KMI remains focused on achieving leverage targets consistent with a return to dividend growth, we believe investors will explore mgmt’s expectations for big-ticket projects, legacy asset declines, and ongoing JV initiatives." (1/23/2017)




Who are some of Air Products and Chemicals' key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to Air Products and Chemicals include Praxair (PX), LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB), Celanese Corporation (CE), Albemarle Corporation (ALB), Eastman Chemical Company (EMN), Braskem S.A. (BAK), Westlake Chemical Corporation (WLK), Chemours Company (The) (CC), NewMarket Corporation (NEU), Olin Corporation (OLN), Methanex Corporation (MEOH), Ingevity Corp (NGVT), Quaker Chemical Corporation (KWR), Innophos Holdings (IPHS), Calgon Carbon Corporation (CCC), Koppers Holdings (KOP), A. Schulman (SHLM) and CSW Industrials (CSWI).



Who are Air Products and Chemicals' key executives?

Air Products and Chemicals' management team includes the folowing people: Seifollah Ghasemi, Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive OfficerMichael Scott Crocco, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice PresidentJennifer L. Grant, Chief Human Resource Officer, Vice PresidentCorning F. Painter, Executive Vice President - Industrial GasesSamir Serhan, Executive Vice President - Technology, Engineering and Manufacturing FunctionsRussell A. Flugel, Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President, ControllerChadwick C. Deaton, Lead Independent DirectorSusan K. Carter CPA, Independent DirectorCharles I. Cogut, Independent DirectorHing-Yuen Ho, Independent Director



Who owns Air Products and Chemicals stock?

Air Products and Chemicals' stock is owned by many different of retail and institutional investors. Top institutional investors include 
				
					PERSHING SQUARE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P.
				
			 (4.97%), APG Asset Management N.V. (0.17%), Fenimore Asset Management Inc. (0.15%), PGGM Investments (0.10%), Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. (0.09%) and National Pension Service (0.08%). Company insiders that own Air Products and Chemicals stock include Corning F Painter, Guillermo Novo, John D Stanley, Russell A Flugel and Seifi Ghasemi. View Institutional Ownership Trends for Air Products and Chemicals.



Who sold Air Products and Chemicals stock? Who is selling Air Products and Chemicals stock?

Air Products and Chemicals' stock was sold by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Russell Investments Group Ltd., First Quadrant L P CA, Exane Asset Management, Armstrong Shaw Associates Inc. CT, Douglas Lane & Associates LLC, Maple Capital Management Inc., Tokio Marine Asset Management Co. Ltd. and Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX. Company insiders that have sold Air Products and Chemicals stock in the last year include Guillermo Novo, John D Stanley and Russell A Flugel. View Insider Buying and Selling for Air Products and Chemicals.



Who bought Air Products and Chemicals stock? Who is buying Air Products and Chemicals stock?

Air Products and Chemicals' stock was purchased by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Harbour Capital Advisors LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Fenimore Asset Management Inc., Pennsylvania Trust Co, Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V., PGGM Investments, Aperio Group LLC and National Pension Service. Company insiders that have bought Air Products and Chemicals stock in the last two years include Corning F Painter and Seifi Ghasemi. View Insider Buying and Selling for Air Products and Chemicals.



How do I buy Air Products and Chemicals stock? 

Shares of Air Products and Chemicals can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is Air Products and Chemicals' stock price today?

One share of Air Products and Chemicals stock can currently be purchased for approximately $143.65.


MarketBeat Community Rating for Air Products and Chemicals (NYSE APD)Community Ranking:  2.2 out of 5 ( )Outperform Votes:  241 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  295 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  536MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about Air Products and Chemicals and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for Air Products and Chemicals (NYSE:APD) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: 1 Sell Rating, 4 Hold Ratings, 7 Buy RatingsConsensus Rating:Buy (Score: 2.50)Consensus Price Target: $152.92 (6.45% upside)

Analysts' Ratings History for Air Products and Chemicals (NYSE:APD)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


DateFirmActionRatingPrice TargetImpact on Share PriceDetails7/14/2017Jefferies Group LLCReiterated RatingHold$155.00Low5/1/2017Deutsche Bank AGUpgradeHold -> Buy$148.00 -> $160.00Medium2/13/2017Evercore ISIInitiated CoverageSell$131.00N/A2/13/2017Barclays PLCInitiated CoverageOverweight$160.00N/A1/30/2017Robert W. BairdDowngradeOutperform -> Neutral$146.00 -> $140.00N/A12/21/2016Monness Crespi & HardtUpgradeNeutral -> Buy$167.00N/A12/5/2016Citigroup Inc.UpgradeNeutral -> Buy$139.00 -> $165.00N/A11/29/2016HSBC Holdings plcInitiated CoverageHold$140.00N/A11/21/2016ArgusUpgradeHold -> Buy$159.00N/A10/3/2016Credit Suisse GroupInitiated CoverageOutperformN/A9/30/2016Atlantic SecuritiesUpgradeUnderweight -> Neutral$125.00 -> $135.00N/A8/12/2016J P Morgan Chase & CoUpgradeNeutral -> Overweight$140.00 -> $160.00N/A7/11/2016Seaport Global SecuritiesUpgradeAccumulate -> Buy$165.00N/A6/16/2016Morgan StanleyReiterated RatingHoldN/A2/22/2016Susquehanna Bancshares IncBoost Price TargetNeutral$130.00 -> $145.00N/A1/22/2016Bank of America CorporationInitiated CoverageUnderperform -> Neutral$125.00N/A1/11/2016KeyCorpUpgradeSector Weight -> Overweight$148.00N/A10/8/2015Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)UpgradeNeutral -> Buy$150.00 -> $154.00N/A9/17/2015William BlairReiterated RatingHoldN/A(Data available from 7/28/2015 forward)


Earnings
Earnings History for Air Products and Chemicals (NYSE:APD)Earnings History by Quarter for Air Products and Chemicals (NYSE APD)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails8/1/2017$1.59N/A4/27/2017Q2 2017$1.38$1.43$1.84 billion$1.98 billionViewN/A1/27/2017Q117$1.48$1.47$1.95 billion$1.88 billionViewListen10/27/2016Q416$1.99$2.01$2.45 billion$2.46 billionViewListen7/28/2016Q316$1.91$1.92$2.41 billion$2.43 billionViewListen4/28/2016Q216$1.80$1.82$2.38 billion$2.27 billionViewListen1/29/2016Q116$1.71$1.78$2.45 billion$2.36 billionViewListen10/29/2015Q415$1.80$1.82$2.56 billion$2.45 billionViewListen7/30/2015Q315$1.58$1.65$2.51 billion$2.47 billionViewListen4/30/2015Q215$1.54$1.55$2.61 billion$2.42 billionViewListen1/29/2015Q115$1.49$1.55$2.66 billion$2.56 billionViewListen10/30/2014Q414$1.62$1.66$2.73 billion$2.68 billionViewN/A7/23/2014Q314$1.45$1.46$2.67 billion$2.64 billionViewListen4/23/2014Q214$1.35$1.32$2.55 billion$2.58 billionViewListen1/27/2014Q114$1.33$1.34$2.57 billion$2.55 billionViewN/A10/29/2013Q413$1.47$1.47$2.68 billion$2.59 billionViewListen7/23/2013Q3 2013$1.36$1.36$2.53 billion$2.55 billionViewListen4/23/2013Q2 2013$1.37$1.37$2.59 billion$2.48 billionViewListen1/23/2013Q1 2013$1.29$1.30$2.47 billion$2.56 billionViewListen10/19/2012$1.43$1.42ViewN/A7/24/2012$1.41$1.41ViewN/A4/24/2012$1.35$1.31ViewN/A1/24/2012$1.36$1.36ViewN/A10/21/2011$1.52$1.51ViewN/A7/22/2011$1.45$1.46ViewN/A4/21/2011$1.39$1.41ViewN/A1/21/2011$1.34$1.35ViewN/A(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for Air Products and Chemicals (NYSE:APD)2017 EPS Consensus Estimate: $6.122018 EPS Consensus Estimate: $6.84QuarterNumber of EstimatesLow EstimateHigh EstimateAverage EstimateQ1 20173$1.46$1.50$1.47Q2 20174$1.35$1.40$1.38Q3 20174$1.55$1.60$1.58Q4 20174$1.63$1.75$1.69Q1 20181$1.66$1.66$1.66Q2 20181$1.68$1.68$1.68Q3 20181$1.75$1.75$1.75Q4 20181$1.75$1.75$1.75(Data provided by Zacks Investment Research)


Dividends
Current Dividend Information for Air Products and Chemicals (NYSE:APD)Next Dividend:11/13/2017Annual Dividend:$3.80Dividend Yield:2.65%Dividend Growth:7.00% (3 Year Average)Payout Ratio:26.28% (Trailing 12 Months of Earnings)  61.69% (Based on This Year's Estimates)56.46% (Based on Next Year's Estimates)Track Record:34 Years of Consecutive Dividend GrowthDividend History by Quarter for Air Products and Chemicals (NYSE APD)AnnouncedPeriodAmountYieldEx-Dividend DateRecord DatePayable Date7/20/2017quarterly$0.952.61%10/6/201710/10/201711/13/20175/18/2017quarterly$0.952.66%6/29/20177/3/20178/14/20171/27/2017quarterly$0.952.68%3/30/20174/3/20175/8/201711/16/2016quarterly$0.8612/29/20161/3/20172/13/20177/21/2016quarterly$0.8610/6/201610/3/201611/14/20165/19/2016quarterly$0.866/29/20167/1/20168/8/20163/17/2016quarterly$0.863/30/20164/1/20165/9/201611/19/2015quarterly$0.8112/30/20151/4/20162/8/20169/16/2015quarterly$0.819/29/201510/1/201511/9/20155/21/2015quarterly$0.812.21%6/29/20157/1/20158/10/20153/19/2015quarterly$0.812.12%3/30/20154/1/20155/11/201511/20/2014quarterly$0.772.12%12/30/20141/2/20152/9/20157/18/2014quarterly$0.772.37%9/29/201410/1/201411/10/20145/15/2014quarterly$0.772.6%6/27/20147/1/20148/11/20143/20/2014quarterly$0.772.52%3/28/20144/1/20145/12/201411/21/2013quarterly$0.712.55%12/30/20131/2/20142/10/20149/19/2013quarterly$0.712.62%9/27/201310/1/201311/12/20135/16/2013quarterly$0.713.01%6/27/20137/1/20138/12/20133/21/2013quarterly$0.713.24%3/27/20134/1/20135/13/2013(Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Insider Trades
Insider Trading and Institutional Ownership History for Air Products and Chemicals (NYSE:APD)Insider Ownership Percentage: 0.37%Institutional Ownership Percentage: 89.27%Insider Trades by Quarter for Air Products and Chemicals (NYSE:APD)Transaction DateInsider NameTitleBuy/SellNumber of SharesAverage Share PriceTotal TransactionDetails8/25/2016John D StanleySVPSell17,247$155.39$2,680,011.33  8/15/2016Russell A FlugelInsiderSell2,050$151.54$310,657.00  8/12/2016John D StanleySVPSell9,597$150.00$1,439,550.00  8/5/2016John D StanleySVPSell8,720$150.00$1,308,000.00  8/4/2016Guillermo NovoVPSell2,447$148.94$364,456.18  7/29/2016Guillermo NovoVPSell7,997$149.58$1,196,191.26  5/24/2016John D StanleySVPSell2,478$143.40$355,345.20  2/1/2016Seifi GhasemiCEOBuy50,000$126.35$6,317,500.00  11/20/2015Seifi GhasemiCEOBuy20,000$139.93$2,798,600.00  8/24/2015Corning F PainterVPBuy1,000$132.84$132,840.00  8/24/2015Seifi GhasemiCEOBuy20,000$134.71$2,694,200.00  8/21/2015Corning F PainterVPBuy1,000$138.38$138,380.00  5/1/2015Seifi GhasemiCEOBuy20,000$145.68$2,913,600.00  2/18/2015Seifi GhasemiCEOBuy27,000$153.27$4,138,290.00  2/6/2015John D StanleySVPSell2,756$151.27$416,900.12  1/30/2015John D StanleySVPSell6,050$146.69$887,474.50  11/24/2014Seifi GhasemiCEOBuy30,000$144.67$4,340,100.00  11/18/2014Seifi GhasemiCEOBuy23,000$138.97$3,196,310.00  11/5/2014Lawrence S SmithDirectorSell2,000$133.83$267,660.00  10/31/2014Corning F PainterVPSell16,284$134.60$2,191,826.40  8/1/2014Seifi GhasemiCEOBuy25,000$132.84$3,321,000.00  7/25/2014John D StanleySVPSell11,721$135.53$1,588,547.13  7/24/2014Patricia A MattimoreSVPSell10,000$136.10$1,361,000.00  7/24/2014Stephen J JonesVPSell36,373$135.64$4,933,633.72  2/18/2014John StanleySVPSell1,144$118.62$135,701.28  2/12/2014John StanleySVPSell3,431$111.84$383,723.04  11/27/2013Michael DonahueDirectorSell2,000$108.90$217,800.00  11/25/2013Corning PainterVPSell7,000$111.11$777,770.00  11/22/2013John McgladeCEOSell15,614$111.17$1,735,808.38  11/21/2013Matthew PaullDirectorBuy3,645$109.71$399,892.95  11/8/2013John McgladeCEOSell27,000$109.48$2,955,960.00  11/6/2013John McgladeCEOSell25,000$109.51$2,737,750.00  10/31/2013John E McgladeCEOSell74,000$109.09$8,072,660.00  10/30/2013Seifi GhasemiDirectorBuy15,000$108.09$1,621,350.00  8/8/2013Mario BaezaDirectorSell2,000$107.25$214,500.00  8/1/2013Stephen JonesVPSell7,000$110.00$770,000.00  7/26/2013John D StanleySVPSell4,200$106.56$447,552.00  7/26/2013John W MarslandVPSell12,000$106.70$1,280,400.00  5/22/2013Stephen J JonesVPSell8,000$96.00$768,000.00  5/22/2013Ursula F FairbairnDirectorSell4,000$95.02$380,080.00  5/21/2013John D StanleySVPSell1,400$95.26$133,364.00  5/13/2013John D StanleySVPSell3,407$90.80$309,355.60  10/31/2012John E McgladeCEOBuy6,000$77.89$467,340.00  10/23/2012Lawrence S SmithDirectorBuy5,000$77.36$386,800.00  (Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Headlines
Headline Trends for Air Products and Chemicals (NYSE:APD)


Latest Headlines for Air Products and Chemicals (NYSE:APD)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineAir Products and Chemicals Stock before Its Fiscal 3Q17 Earningsfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 2:05 AMCan Air Products (APD) Spring a Surprise in Q3 Earnings?finance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 2:05 AMCan Air Products (APD) Spring a Surprise in Q3 Earnings? - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - July 27 at 4:02 PMAir Products & Chemicals, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bearish Manner : APD-US : July 27, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 27 at 4:02 PMHow Analysts View APD’s Fiscal 3Q17 Adjusted Earningsfinance.yahoo.com - July 27 at 4:02 PMZacks Industry Outlook Highlights: Dow Chemical, DuPont, Eastman Chemical, Celanese and Air Productsfinance.yahoo.com - July 25 at 3:49 PMAir Products Joins More than 250 Companies in Commitment to Advance Diversity and Inclusion in the Workplacefinance.yahoo.com - July 25 at 3:49 PMAir Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD) Set to Announce Earnings on Tuesdaywww.americanbankingnews.com - July 25 at 7:08 AMAir Products and Chemicals, Inc. (APD) Declares $0.95 Quarterly Dividendwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 20 at 3:34 PMAir Products wins gases supply contract from Huntsman - Seeking Alphaseekingalpha.com - July 18 at 5:26 PMAir Products (APD) Inks Gas Supply Contract with Huntsman - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - July 18 at 5:26 PMKeyCorp Weighs in on Air Products and Chemicals, Inc.'s Q4 2017 Earnings (NYSE:APD)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 18 at 1:09 PMHuntsman Awards Carbon Monoxide and Hydrogen Supply Contract to Air Productsfinance.yahoo.com - July 17 at 4:16 PMAir Products and Chemicals Has Something New for Glass Manufacturersfinance.yahoo.com - July 17 at 4:16 PMAir Products and Chemicals, Inc. (APD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLCwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 15 at 12:56 AMAir Products & Chemicals, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bullish Manner : APD-US : July 14, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 14 at 5:45 PMAir Products' Oxy-fuel Burner to Enable Full Production - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - July 14 at 2:44 AMAir Products' Oxy-fuel Burner to Enable Full Productionfinance.yahoo.com - July 13 at 4:40 PMAir Products' Latest Oxy-fuel Burner Helps Glass Manufacturers Restore Furnaces to Full Productionfinance.yahoo.com - July 12 at 4:27 PM$2.05 Billion in Sales Expected for Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE:APD) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 12 at 9:00 AMVersum Materials to Acquire Dynaloy, a Leading Cleans Solutions Supplier for Semiconductor Advanced Packaging - Business Wire (press release)www.businesswire.com - July 11 at 5:11 PMZacks: Analysts Anticipate Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (APD) to Announce $1.59 EPSwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 11 at 12:18 AMAir Products Publishes Sustainability Reportfinance.yahoo.com - July 10 at 3:54 PMAir Products to Broadcast Fiscal Third Quarter Earnings Teleconference on August 1finance.yahoo.com - July 5 at 4:35 PMAir Products & Chemicals, Inc. – Value Analysis (NYSE:APD) : July 3, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 3 at 8:49 PMAir Products and Chemicals, Inc. (APD) Receives Average Recommendation of "Hold" from Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 3 at 8:44 PMVAW, PX, ECL, APD: ETF Outflow Alert - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - July 3 at 3:48 PMAir Products and Chemicals Signs New Agreement with SMICfinance.yahoo.com - July 3 at 3:48 PMAir Products & Chemicals, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bearish Manner : APD-US : June 30, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 30 at 3:59 PMAir Products to Support Capacity Expansion Project of SMIC - Nasdaq - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - June 28 at 4:07 PMAir Products and Chemicals, Inc. (APD) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for June 29, 2017 - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - June 28 at 4:07 PMDividend Coverage: This Industrial Gases Company Has Increased Dividend for the Past 34 Years; Will Trade Ex-Dividend on June 28, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 28 at 4:07 PMAir Products to Support Capacity Expansion Project of SMICfinance.yahoo.com - June 28 at 4:07 PMAir Products to Supply SMIC's Capacity Expansion Project in Tianjin, Chinafinance.yahoo.com - June 27 at 3:42 PMAir Products and Chemicals, Inc. (APD) Downgraded by BidaskClubwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 23 at 11:28 PMWhat’s the Latest Street View of APD?finance.yahoo.com - June 22 at 12:14 PMWhy APD’s Latest Valuations Matterfinance.yahoo.com - June 22 at 12:14 PMUnderstanding APD’s Stock Performance So Far in 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 21 at 4:25 PMAPD to Pay Its Third Dividend This Yearfinance.yahoo.com - June 21 at 4:25 PMHow Consistent Is APD’s Dividend?finance.yahoo.com - June 21 at 4:25 PMAPD August 18th Options Begin Trading - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - June 20 at 4:10 PMGoldman Sachs Downgrades Air Products & Chemicals Inc. (APD) to Neutral - StreetInsider.comwww.streetinsider.com - June 20 at 4:10 PMAir Products and Linde North America Form Joint Venturefinance.yahoo.com - June 19 at 3:41 PMManufacturer building $60 million industrial gas plant in Albany County - Albany Business Reviewwww.bizjournals.com - June 17 at 2:20 AM Brokerages Expect Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (APD) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $2.05 Billionwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 16 at 1:08 PMAir Products Announces Joint Venture with Linde North America for a New Industrial Gas Plant in Upstate New Yorkfinance.yahoo.com - June 15 at 5:13 PM Analysts Anticipate Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (APD) to Announce $1.59 EPSwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 15 at 12:46 AMHead-To-Head Review: Air Products & Chemicals (APD) versus CSW Industrials (CSWI)www.americanbankingnews.com - June 9 at 6:48 PMAir Products (APD) to Discuss New Technology at POWDERMETfinance.yahoo.com - June 9 at 3:53 PMAir Products Discusses New Technology for Continuous Dew Point Monitoring of Sintering Atmospheres at ... - PR Newswire (press release)www.prnewswire.com - June 8 at 9:19 PM


Social





Chart
Air Products and Chemicals (APD) Chart for Friday, July, 28, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/28/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff












































Richard Bernstein Advisors LLC. Executives, Organizational Chart, Company Profile Information, Contacts | Headquarters, Locations, News   












Submit

ContactCareersLogin

MENUtoggle
Our Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions [Column]  ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention  [Column]  Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation  [Column]  Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & Ranking Knowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News Pricing

Menu

HomeOur Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & RankingKnowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News PricingGet a Free ProfileSchedule a DemoRequest PricingContact UsLogin
Home / Companies / Richard Bernstein Advisors LLC.


Richard Bernstein Advisors LLC.

120 West 45th St Fl 19
New York NY 10036 United States
Phone: +1 212-___-____
Fax: 
http://rbadvisors.com





3
Managers




0
IT employees




$977.8KEST.
IT Budget




Richard Bernstein Advisors LLC. is a wealth management firm relying on top-down, macroeconomic analyses to make long-term equity investments. It is based in New York, New York.






Sector (Industry)
Financial (Financial Services)


Employees
54


Revenue
$24.1M


FYE
12/31




Breaking news on investment signals




Date
Type
Inside Scoop






Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote




Technologies currently being used

IT
Marketing


Data Analytics/ Databases

Web Analytics
Google Analytics (GA)Google Universal Analytics
Data Infrastructure

Email Hosting
USA.net (mail server)

Infrastructure Management

Server and Operating Systems
Apache HTTPDApache Server
Information Mgmt

Content Management
Joomla
Information Security

Network Security

Secure Gateway
SilverSky
Productivity/ Operations

BPM

Email/Messaging
iContact

Office Automation
G Suite (Formerly known as Google Apps )Microsoft Office
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.
Advertising/ Search

Search Engine Optimization
Creative/ Content

Customer Experience Management

Website Design
Joomla
Product/ Brand Mgmt

Marketing Portfolio Management
Sales/ Mktg Automation

Email Marketing
iContact
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.



Become a RainKing power-user today!
RainKing's rich data provides clients with a deeper understanding of who will be making – and what will be driving – upcoming investments in IT. Know what your prospects are planning before your competition does, and beat them to the negotiating table.
Request a demo
Request a quote




Org chart of IT decision makers




Jordan Rosen
Director, Marketing
___@rba-llc.com
+1 212-___-____







John Reagan
Chief Administrative Officer (CAO)/Chief Technology Officer (CTO)
___@rba-llc.com
+1 212-___-____







Barbara Tarbel
Chief Financial Officer (CFO)
___@rba-llc.com
+1 212-___-____



This is just a subset of the full Org Chart for this company.


Want access to this and more? Become a client today!
RainKing clients get access to all 615 decision makers in this company's org chart.
Request a demo
Request a quote








Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote









To receive a FREE PDF of this company, simply fill out the form below










Get your free company profile




Search





Subscribe to our newsletter



Connect with Us
 





 





 





 





 







 




7700 Old Georgetown Road
Bethesda, MD 20814-6100
1.866.592.7122
contactus@rainkingonline.com


 Sitemap Terms of Use Privacy Policy 


©2017 RainKing



