 



Devon Energy President and CEO, John Richels, to Retire July 31, 2015; Dave Hager, Devon COO, to Succeed Richels Effective Aug. 1, 2015



































DISCLAIMER

You are now leaving Devon Energy’s website and are going to a website that is not operated by Devon Energy. We are not responsible for the content or availability of linked sites.

ABOUT THIRD PARTY LINKS ON OUR SITE
Devon Energy offers links to other third party websites that may be of interest to our website visitors. When you click on these links you will leave Devon Energy’s website and will be redirected to another site. These sites are not under the control of Devon Energy.Devon Energy is not responsible for the content of linked third party websites. We are not an agent for these third parties nor do we endorse or guarantee any of their opinions, ideas, products, or content . We make no representation or warranty regarding the accuracy of the information contained in the linked sites. We suggest that you always verify the information obtained from linked websites before acting upon this information.Also, please be aware that that the security and privacy policies on these sites may be different from Devon Energy’s policies, so please read third party privacy and security policies closely.If you have any questions or concerns about the products and services offered on linked third party websites, please contact the third party directly.
Click “CONTINUE” to acknowledge this disclosure and view the selected website. If you click “CANCEL”, you are acknowledging this disclosure, but you will not be able to view the information.

Cancel Continue

















NYSE


DVN31.940.05




As of July 21, 2017 3:48 PM EST


last31.94


change-0.05


volume2,937,678


% change-0.16


52 week high50.69


52 week low28.79



more stock information








Devon Energy President and CEO, John Richels, to Retire July 31, 2015; Dave Hager, Devon COO, to Succeed Richels Effective Aug. 1, 2015
Download
 OKLAHOMA CITY--(BUSINESS WIRE)--
John Richels
(63), president and CEO of Devon Energy Corporation (NYSE:
DVN), has announced his retirement effective July 31, 2015. The board of
directors intends to elect
Dave Hager
(58), currently Devon’s chief
operating officer, to succeed Richels as president and CEO. The board of
directors has elected Richels vice chairman of the board, effective
immediately, with the intent for Richels to replace
Larry Nichols
(72)
as chairman upon Nichols’ retirement from the board in 2016. At that
time, Nichols is expected to become chairman emeritus.


“John’s vision and leadership have delivered significant value to Devon
shareholders for many years and particularly as we recently repositioned
and rebalanced the company as a leading North American exploration and
production company,” said Nichols, Devon’s co-founder and executive
chairman. “His leadership, honesty, humility and integrity are evident
on a daily basis and have helped to make Devon a valued partner,
employer and neighbor in the areas where we operate.”


"Dave is a strong, visionary leader, with the business expertise and
industry knowledge to guide Devon as we enter the next phase of our
company’s growth," said Richels. "Dave has been instrumental in the
rebalancing of our portfolio and his focus on creating shareholder
value, his integrity and his many other positive attributes will serve
all stakeholders well.”


“With our recent portfolio transformation, Devon is in an extremely
strong position. We have a great collection of assets and a terrific
management team in place to lead the business. I’m very excited about
Devon’s future,” said Richels.


Richels joined Devon in 1998 and led Devon Canada Corporation, Devon’s
Canadian subsidiary, until being elected president of Devon in 2004. In
2007, Richels joined Devon’s board of directors and was elected chief
executive officer in 2010. Immediately prior to joining Devon, Richels
was chief financial officer of Canadian-based Northstar Energy
Corporation. Richels has served as a director of a number of publicly
traded companies and previously was managing partner of the
Canadian-based national law firm Bennett Jones. Richels also served as
general counsel of the XV Olympic Winter Games Organizing Committee in
Calgary.


Hager has been with Devon since 2009, when he was named executive vice
president of exploration and production. From 2007 until joining the
company, Hager served as a member of the Devon board of directors. Hager
has 35 years of experience in the oil and gas industry, having started
his career in 1979 as a geophysicist with Mobil Corp., and joined Sun
Oil Co. (predecessor of Oryx Energy Co.) in 1981. Upon the
Kerr-McGee/Oryx merger in 1999, he became vice president of Gulf of
Mexico operations for Kerr-McGee. There he held positions of increasing
responsibility, including vice president of international operations and
vice president of worldwide deepwater exploration and production. He was
promoted to senior vice president responsible for oil and gas
exploration and production in 2003, and chief operating officer in 2005.
He has a bachelor's degree in geophysics from Purdue University and a
master's degree in business administration from Southern Methodist
University.


Devon Energy Corporation is an Oklahoma City-based independent energy
company engaged in oil and gas exploration and production. Devon is a
leading U.S.-based independent oil and gas producer and is included in
the S&P 500 Index. For additional information, visit our website at www.devonenergy.com.




Source: Devon Energy Corporation


Devon Energy Corporation

Investor Contacts

Howard
Thill, 405-552-3693

Scott Coody, 405-552-4735

Shea Snyder,
405-552-4782

Media Contact

John Porretto, 405-228-7506






















News on John Richels


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology















                                Person                            


                                    John Richels                                    ▼





                                Topic                            


                                    All Topics                                    ▼








Organizations

                                Find news about organizations
                            





Alumni

                                Find news on alumni of any org
                            





Industries

                                Find news on a particular market
                            





Your Contacts

                                Find news on your contacts
                            








Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed:











By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions


















Follow




                            Change Feed
                        


John Richels











TransCanada shareholders elect 12 directors


                                May 5, 2016                                 • 
                                SNL Energy Finance Daily                            


                                  ... Benson, Derek Burney, Russell Girling, S. Barry Jackson, John Lowe, Paula Reynolds, John Richels, Mary Salomone, Indira Samarasekera, D. Michael Stewart, Siim Vanaselja and Richard ...
                                









TransCanada Announces 2016 Annual and Special Meeting Board of Director Election Results


                                April 29, 2016                                 • 
                                Marketwired                            


                                  ... Lowe 376,651,391 99.77% 851,418 0.23% Paula Rosput Reynolds 374,046,880 99.08% 3,456,071 0.92% John Richels 370,587,915 98.17% 6,915,098 1.83% Mary Pat Salomone 376,547,744 99.75% 955,268 0.25% ...
                                









J.C. ANDERSON ANDERSON EXPLORATION FOUNDER, 84 : Oilman sealed deals with a handshake


                                September 19, 2015                                 • 
                                The Globe and Mail (Canada)                            


                                  ... handshake rather than a written contract. "His word was his bond," says John Richels, the former CEO and current vice-chairman of Devon Energy and the ...
                                









Devon Energy Completes Leadership Transition as Board of Directors Elects Dave Hager New President and CEO, Succeeding Retiring John Richels


                                August 3, 2015                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... officer, as the company's new president and chief executive officer. Hager succeeds John Richels (64), who announced plans to retire in December 2014. Hager assumed ...
                                









CEO pay: biggest raises and biggest cuts of 2014 : 


                                May 25, 2015                                 • 
                                Associated Press Financial Wire                            


                                  ... percent 2. David Zaslav, Discovery Communications, $156.1 million, up 368 percent 3. John Richels, Devon Energy, $14.9 million, up 301 percent 4. Jeffrey Leiden, Vertex ...
                                









Devon Energy Reports First-Quarter 2015 Results


                                May 5, 2015                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... we continued to deliver superior execution across our repositioned asset portfolio," said John Richels, president and CEO. "Our focused drilling activity has generated production growth ...
                                









Large-cap target of the week: Devon Energy of Oklahoma City


                                May 1, 2015                                 • 
                                The Deal Pipeline                            


                                  ... inexpensive valuation," he wrote. Loeb's comments weren't simply a valentine to CEO John Richels. He said the company could improve on operational execution, including following ...
                                









TransCanada Announces 2015 Annual and Special Meeting Board of Director Election Results


                                May 1, 2015                                 • 
                                Marketwired                            


                                  ... Jackson 338,454,635 98.36 5,658,076 1.64 Paula Rosput Reynolds 338,415,097 98.34 5,696,983 1.66 John Richels 297,000,504 86.31 47,112,055 13.69 Mary Pat Salomone 340,476,224 98.94 3,636,487 1.06 ...
                                









EnLink Midstream Partners, LP Agrees to Acquire Victoria Express Pipeline in Dropdown Transaction from Devon Energy: Acquisition of pipeline, truck terminal, and storage assets will create strategic footprint in the prolific Eagle Ford Shale


                                March 23, 2015                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... the Eagle Ford Shale continues to be strategically important to Devon," said John Richels, Devon Energy's President and CEO. "VEX will continue to provide opportunities ...
                                









Devon Makes Fortune's Best Workplace List for Eighth Straight Year


                                March 10, 2015                                 • 
                                ENP Newswire                            


                                  ... and it confirms once again what we've known for many years,' said John Richels, Devon's president and CEO. 'It's particularly gratifying because it recognizes one ...
                                









John Richels sold $1.12M worth of shares in Devon Energy Corporation in February 2015


                                March 8, 2015                                 • 
                                RelSci Data Update                            










Devon Energy Reports Fourth-Quarter and Full-Year 2014 Results; Provides 2015 Capital and Production Outlook


                                February 17, 2015                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... year for the company, including a significant repositioning of the portfolio," said John Richels, president and CEO. "Production from our top-tier asset portfolio exceeded guidance ...
                                









Devon Energy Highlights Character, Culture in New Corporate Social Responsibility Report


                                February 11, 2015                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... our long legacy of corporate social responsibility," said Devon President and CEO John Richels. "It is our role as an energy company to be a ...
                                









Energy Sector Updates: Special Research on Delek Logistics, Delek US, Denbury, Devon and Diamond Offshore: Editor Note: For more information about this release, please scroll to bottom.


                                January 30, 2015                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... $3 billion. Devon Energy Corporation (Devon) announced that its President and CEO John Richels will retire on July 31, 2015. John will be replaced by ...
                                









Early Movers: SHLD, LB, EXPR, ARO, TWX & more


                                December 4, 2014                                 • 
                                CNBC                            


                                  ... rise in comparable-store sales, well above analysts' forecasts. Devon Energy—Chief Executive Officer John Richels will retire on July 31, 2015, with current Chief Operating Officer ...
                                









Devon Energy President and CEO, John Richels, to Retire July 31, 2015; Dave Hager, Devon COO, to Succeed Richels Effective Aug. 1, 2015


                                December 3, 2014                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... Devon Energy President and CEO, John Richels, to Retire July 31, 2015; Dave Hager, Devon COO, to Succeed ...
                                









The Deal Announces Winners Of The Seventh Annual Most Admired Corporate Dealmakers AwardsAwards Recognize Strategic M&A Excellence for Corporate Dealmaking Teams at Huntsman, Revlon, Devon Energy, Morgan Stanley, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Koch Industries, Kroger, Cisco Systems, Verizon and NRG Energy


                                November 17, 2014                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... Eagle Ford shale properties from GeoSouthern Energy, securing acreage in what CEO John Richels said was the "very best part" of the oil play. Devon ...
                                









And the winners are …


                                November 14, 2014                                 • 
                                The Deal Pipeline                            


                                  ... another low-risk, light oil asset that provides outstanding well economics and self-funded growthJohn RichelsRichels said when announcing the deal. Since then, Devon has been mostly ...
                                









US shale pioneers circle the wagons


                                November 12, 2014                                 • 
                                Financial Times                            


                                  ... be focusing on maximising the production from the rigs they are using. John Richels, chief executive of Devon Energy, told analysts on a call last ...
                                









Devon Energy Reports Third-Quarter 2014 Results


                                November 4, 2014                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... delivered outstanding growth in production and margins in the third quarter," said John Richels, president and CEO. "With our strong position in many of North ...
                                









U.S. Department of State Energy Official to speak at International Energy Conference Oklahoma City University Meinders School of Business to host global energy industry leaders


                                September 17, 2014                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... Ming, general manager of GE's Global Research Oil and Gas Technology Center; John Richels, president and CEO of Devon Energy; Wade Hutchings, regional vice president, ...
                                









Devon Energy Reports Second-Quarter 2014 Results


                                August 6, 2014                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... on execution in our core and emerging areas, delivering great results," said John Richels, president and chief executive officer. "Our drilling programs drove impressive oil ...
                                









Devon reaches deal to sell noncore assets to LINN for $2.3B


                                July 1, 2014                                 • 
                                SNL Energy Finance Daily                            


                                  ... natural gas. In a statement released June 30, Devon President and CEO John Richels said the deal allowed the company to reach an important stated ...
                                









Devon to shed noncore oil-and-gas properties


                                June 30, 2014                                 • 
                                San Antonio Business Journal                            


                                  ... portfolio transformation that we announced late last year is now complete," says John Richels, president and CEO. "Deveb is now concentrated in some of the ...
                                









Linn buys Devon assets in multibillion-dollar deal


                                June 30, 2014                                 • 
                                Houston Business Journal                            


                                  ... the portfolio transformation that we announced late last year is now complete," John Richels, president and CEO of Devon, said in a statement. "In a ...
                                









Devon Energy Announces $2.3 Billion Sale of U.S. Non-Core Assets


                                June 30, 2014                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... portfolio transformation that we announced late last year is now complete," said John Richels, president and chief executive officer. "In a short period of time ...
                                







Related News Feeds






Oklahoma Philharmonic Society, Inc.







Alumni of York University







John Richels

























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 






Want to see the full history of news or view news on a particular date? Upgrade to RelSci Professional now!


Start My Free Trial  ➤










 Industry:




 Select a Topic:



 Keyword:



Go  ➤









 Find an Organization:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Find a Person:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Name of a School:







 Or Name of an Organization:









 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤








Thank you. You are now subscribed.Please wait for the page to refresh...










You are now subscribed to this feed.










You have unsubscribed to this feed.










Thank you. You can now subscribe to more RelSci news feeds.










 To subscribe to more than one feed, please enter a password.




 Please confirm your password



Go  ➤








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Follow News On Your Contacts

Upgrade to RelSci Pro now to easily sync your contacts and stay in the know on the news about the people important to you.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Search News On Keywords

Curate your news even further with the ability to filter feeds based on specific keywords mentioned in the articles.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now













Industries

                        Find news on a particular market
                    





People

                        Find news about people
                    





Organizations

                        Find news about organizations
                    





Alumni

                        Find news on alumni of any org
                    





Your Contacts

                        Find news on your contacts
                    












                Free Daily Alerts
            


                Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed
            




Sign Up ➤

                    By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions




                Already have an account?  Click here to login.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















John Richels Speaking Fee & Booking Agent Contact






































































call to book a celebrity 
 1.888.752.3532













 


















call to book a celebrity 
 1.888.752.3532    
 



About Us
Speaking Engagements
Appearances
Endorsements
Blog
Recent Bookings
Contact


















 

 




­ 



Home >
				Business Speakers >
				John Richels
		

John Richels Speaker Profile






 Business Speakers




 

Business Speakers, CEO Speakers, 
Fee Range: Call for Booking Fee
Travels From:  >

          Available Upon Request

          
          

          
          
						










Available For: 
												Corporate Appearances, Speaking Engagements, Autograph Signings, Endorsements, Meet & Greets and Keynote Speeches 					 

John Richels Booking Agent Information
Contact Celebrity Talent Promotions now at 1-888-752-3532 to book John Richels for a guest appearance, motivational keynote speech, grand opening, autograph signing, product announcement, employee gathering, endorsement or speaking engagement. Our booking agents work on your behalf to get your organization the best price for your desired celebrity.
Booking agents at Celebrity Talent Promotions can assist with booking speakers such as John Richels for speaking engagements or appearances. Our agents have years of experience booking Business Speakers, CEO Speakers and can provide availability, fees and all costs associated with hiring John Richels for your next corporate event. If your company is interested in finding out booking fees and availability for John Richels call us at 1.888.752.3532.
John Richels Biography

Mr. John Richels is President, Chief Executive Officer, Director of Devon Energy Corporation. He was appointed to the position of President of Devon in 2004 and appointed as President and Chief Executive Officer in 2010. Previously, Mr. Richels served as President and Chief Executive Officer of ...
>>Read More 


Mr. John Richels is President, Chief Executive Officer, Director of Devon Energy Corporation. He was appointed to the position of President of Devon in 2004 and appointed as President and Chief Executive Officer in 2010. Previously, Mr. Richels served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Devon Canada Corporation, a subsidiary of Devon. He joined the Company in 1998 when Devon acquired Canadian-based Northstar Energy Corporation. Mr. Richels served as a director of Northstar Energy Corporation from 1993 to 1996. Prior to that Mr. Richels served as Managing and Chief Operating Partner of the Canadian-based national law firm, Bennett Jones. He also served as Vice-Chairman of the board of governors of the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers. Mr. Richels holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from York University and a law degree from the University of Windsor.
Business Speakers such as a John Richels have been taking the stage and entertaining crowds for decades. The booking agents at Celebrity Talent Promotions can assist with John Richels speaking engagements or appearances. We have years of experience in booking Business Speakers for keynote speeches and autograph signings. Hiring a Business Speaker like John Richels is not a hard process. Our agents can provide availability, fees and all costs associated in bringing out a successful Business Speakers to your next corporate event. We can find John Richels’s agent to make this booking happen. A John Richels appearance will add energy to your upcoming event and reward employees, customers and clients. Most likely, fans and corporations can find John Richels‘s official website, charity involvement, Twitter account, representation, publicist and management info at http://www.celebritytalentpromotions.com. If your company is interested in finding out booking fees and availability for hiring a speaker, celebrity or John Richels for an appearance, autograph signing, endorsement or speaking engagement, call us at 1.888.752.3532 or fill out the booking form below













	     			﻿			  	John Richels  Speaking Videos









Disclaimer:
Some parts of the celebrities' biography may be used from Wikipedia, used under the GNU Free Documentation License. CelebrityTalentPromotions.com acts only as an celebrity broker for corporate functions, private events and speaking engagements, and does not claim or represent itself as John Richels's agent, speakers bureau, manager, publicist, assistant, PR firm or management company. Celebrity Talent Promotions is a Celebrity booking agency representing organizations seeking to hire motivational speakers, athletes, celebrities and corporate entertainment for private corporate events, celebrity endorsements, personal celebrity appearances, spokes person campaigns and speaking engagements. John Richels's booking and appearance fees, costs and prices on this website are estimates and only act as a guideline. Booking fees are determined by several factors, including location of event, the celebrities schedule, desired duties, supply and demand and other market factors. Bios on this site are for informational purposes 















Check Availability


Fill out our form to get more information
on celebrity booking fees and availability






Fee Range:Please Select$2,500-$5,000$5,000-$10,000$10,000-$20,000$20,000-$30,000$30,000-$50,000$50,000-$100,000$100,000 and UpNot Sure



 
Search Other Talent:



Search Talent:


 By Category 
Accountant
Activists
Actors
Actresses
Addiction Speaker
Adventurers & Explorer
Advertising
Advertising Speakers
Aerospace
Agriculture
Analyst
Animal Speaker
Anthropologist
Architect
Architecture & Design Speakers
Artist
Arts & Sciences
Astronauts
Astrophysicist
Athlete
Attorney
Authors
Auto Racing
Aviation Speaker
Banking
--Baseball
Behavior Expert
Black Heritage
Blogger
Boxing
Broadcasters
Broadcasting Speakers
Broadway Stars
Business Advisor
Business Coach
Business Executive
Business Growth
Business Leaders
Business Referral
Business Speakers
Business Trainer
Cancer Speakers
Celebrity Chefs
Celebrity DJ
Celebrity Headliners
Celebrity Personalities
CEO Speakers
Children's Rights Advocate
Christian Speakers
Classic TV Star
Coaching
Comedians
Commentator
Communication Speakers
Community Leader
Computer Graphics
Computers
Conflict Resolution
Conservative Speaker
Consulting
Corporate Responsibility
Creativity Speaker
Critic
Customer Service
Cybersecurity
Dancer
Design
Designer
Developer
Digital Marketing
Digital Strategist
Diplomat
Director
Diversity Speakers
Doctor
Documentary Producer
E-Commerce
Economics
Editor
Education Speakers
Empowerment Speaker
Engineering
Entertainers
Entertainment
Entrepreneur Speakers
Environmental Speakers
Ethics & Integrity
Extreme Sports
Fashion Designers
Fashion Speaker
Featured Business Speakers
Featured Celebrities
Featured Celebrity Chefs
Featured Comedians
Featured Overall Speakers
Featured Technology Speakers
Featured TV Personalities
Female Hollywood Celebrities
Female Speakers
Figure Skating
Filmmaker
Financial Speakers
Fitness Experts
Fitness Speaker
Foods
Football Celebrities
Footballs
Foreign Policy Speakers
Futurist
Gender and Sexuality Speakers
Generation Issues
Global Issues
Golf
Government Officials
Government Speaker
Graphic Design
Green Speakers
Growth Leader
Hall of Famers
Health & Wellness Speakers
Healthcare
Heroes
Hispanic Heritage
Historian
Hockey
Home and Garden
Homeland Security and Terrorisms
Horse Racing
Hospitality
Host
Host Emcee
Hot Celebrity
Human Resource Speaker
Human Resources
Human Rights
Illusionist
Information Technology
Innovation Speakers
Inspirational Speakers
International Business Speakers
International Relations
Internet / Youtube Sensations
Internet Security
Internet Speaker
Inventor
Investments
Jewish Speakers
Journalist
Judicial System Speaker
Keynote Speaker
Language and Linguistics
Law Enforcement
Leadership Speakers
Legal Speakers
Liberal Speakers
Life Coach
Lifestyle Speakers
Magician
Male Hollywood Celebrities
Marketing Speakers
Marketings and Brandings
Media Speakers
Medical Speakers
Mental Health
Military
Ministry Speaker
Missionary
Models
Motivational Speakers
Musician
Negotiation
Networking
News Anchor
Non Profit Speakers
Nonprofit Fundraising
Nutrition Speakers
Olympic Athletes
Pediatrics
Personal Development
Personal Finance
Personal Growth Speaker
Philanthropist
Philosopher
Photographer
Pilot
Poet
Political Speakers
Producers & Directors
--Professor
Programming
Psychology Speakers
Public Policy
Public Relations
Public Speaking
Publishing
Real Estate Speakers
Reality TV Stars
Record Label Producer
Relationship Speakers
Religion
Religious Speaker
Reporter
--Researcher
Sales Speakers
Scholar
Science & Engineering
Security Expert
Seminar Speakers
Sex Expert
Skateboarders
Skiing
Small Business Speakers
Soccer Celebrities
Social Media Speakers
Software Engineer
Spanish Culture
Sports
Sports Broadcasters
Sports Figures
Sports Inspiration
Sports Motivation
Strategist
Stuntman
Success
Supreme Court Justice
Sustainability
Swimmers and Divers
Swimming
Talent Agent
--Teacher
Teamwork and Teambuildings
Technology Speakers
Television Personalities
Tennis Player
Therapist
Top Technology Speakers
Top10 Business Speakers
Top10 Celebrity Chefs
Top10 Comedians
Top10 Technology Speakers
Top10 TV Personalities
TV Personalities
University Speakers
Venture Capitals
Vice President of a Business
Violence Speaker
Viral Marketing
Web Developer
Wine Enthusiast and Educator
Women Speakers
Women's Health
Women's Rights
Women's Speaker
Writer
Writers and Journalists
Youth Outreach
YouTube Sensations




 By Fee 
 Call for Booking Fee 
$5,000-$10,000
$10,000-$20,000
$20,000-$30,000
$30,000-$50,000
$50,000-$100,000
$100,000 and Up


 






Questions About Booking?

Speak to our 
Live Booking Agents
call to book a celebrity 
 1.888.752.3532



Similar Talent and Speakers


 
JoAnn Crary, CEcD
President, Saginaw Future, Inc.




 
Jo Umberger
Speaker, trainer, coach and entrepreneur




 
Jimmy Spencer Jr.
Founder and CEO of Love Without Agenda




 
Jimmy Maymann
CEO, Huffington Post




 
Jim Whitehurst
CEO of Red Hat




>>View More Speakers





 


Start Your Celebrity Booking Request Now







 
  
 
 


 











403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.










People directory - Last Names - Richels















 
Contact
Login










 Home
People Alphabetically
R

Richels




People directory with over 600,000,000 names!

Please select a first name!

A Richels
Allen Richels
Andrea Richels
Angela Richels
Benn Richels
Brandi Richels
C Richels
Cindy Richels
Clare Richels
Cody Richels
David Richels
Elise Richels
G Richels
George Richels
Gerald Richels
Gregory Richels
Heinie Richels
Ira Richels
J Richels
James Richels
Janet Richels
Jean Richels
Jim Richels
Jodi Richels
John Richels
Jorn Richels
Joyce Richels
Julson Richels
Kari Richels
Kathy Richels
Kristi Richels
L Richels
Larry Richels
Lonny Richels
Marjorie Richels
Marlene Richels
Morris Richels
Nancy Richels
Rena Richels
Richard Richels
Robert Richels
Roger Richels
Ruth Richels
S Richels
Sharon Richels
Stacy Richels
Stephanie Richels
Steven Richels
Suzanne Richels
Tom Richels
Veeda Richels
Virginia Richels
Wade Richels








 


 




1,379,043,021 total records available




Tweet





  Testimonials Read testimonials from real customers who already used our services. Read More

  Webmasters Earn 75% commission on every sale you drive to our website. Weekly payouts! Read More

   Mobile Version Visit us from your smart phone anywhere you are. Read More

   Recent Lookups Check out the most recent reverse phone lookups on PeopleByName.com Read More

 



 Home Mobile Version Phone Directory People Directory Remove information
 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Program About Us 
 Member Login Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Testimonials 
 Careers Product & Services Volume Discounts Site Map 




© PeopleByName All Rights Reserved. 2010-2017




 



Management Team



































DISCLAIMER

You are now leaving Devon Energy’s website and are going to a website that is not operated by Devon Energy. We are not responsible for the content or availability of linked sites.

ABOUT THIRD PARTY LINKS ON OUR SITE
Devon Energy offers links to other third party websites that may be of interest to our website visitors. When you click on these links you will leave Devon Energy’s website and will be redirected to another site. These sites are not under the control of Devon Energy.Devon Energy is not responsible for the content of linked third party websites. We are not an agent for these third parties nor do we endorse or guarantee any of their opinions, ideas, products, or content . We make no representation or warranty regarding the accuracy of the information contained in the linked sites. We suggest that you always verify the information obtained from linked websites before acting upon this information.Also, please be aware that that the security and privacy policies on these sites may be different from Devon Energy’s policies, so please read third party privacy and security policies closely.If you have any questions or concerns about the products and services offered on linked third party websites, please contact the third party directly.
Click “CONTINUE” to acknowledge this disclosure and view the selected website. If you click “CANCEL”, you are acknowledging this disclosure, but you will not be able to view the information.

Cancel Continue

















NYSE


DVN31.940.05




As of July 21, 2017 3:48 PM EST


last31.94


change-0.05


volume2,937,678


% change-0.16


52 week high50.69


52 week low28.79



more stock information





Management Team







Senior Executives


David A. Hager


Tony D. Vaughn 


Jeff L. Ritenour


R. Alan Marcum


Lyndon C. Taylor



President and Chief Executive Officer


Dave Hager, 59, was elected by the board of directors to the position of president and chief executive officer, effective Aug. 1, 2015. Shareholders elected him to the board of directors in June 2016. Hager previously served on the board from 2007 until 2009, when he joined the company as executive vice president of exploration and production. Subsequently, Hager served as chief operating officer before taking his current positions. From 1999 to 2006, Hager was employed by Kerr-McGee Corp., serving in various capacities, most recently as chief operating officer. Hager has a bachelor of science degree in geophysics from Purdue University and a master's degree in business administration from Southern Methodist University. He was elected in November 2015 to the American Petroleum Institute board of directors. He also serves on the boards of directors of the American Exploration & Production Council, EnLink Midstream Partners, LP, and EnLink Midstream, LLC. 

Chief Operating Officer



	Tony Vaughn, 59, holds the position of chief operating officer. Before joining Devon in 1999, Vaughn spent 12 years with Kerr-McGee Corporation, most recently as Manager of the Rocky Mountain District. Before joining Kerr-McGee, Vaughn worked as an operations engineer for Amoco Production Company. He holds a bachelor's degree in petroleum engineering from the University of Tulsa and a bachelor's of science degree in business management from Oral Roberts University. He is a member of the Society of Petroleum Engineers and serves on the board of directors of EnLink Midstream Partners, LP and EnLink Midstream, LLC.
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Jeff Ritenour, 43, was elected to the position of executive vice president and chief financial officer in April 2017. He has been with Devon since 2001, serving in various leadership roles, most recently as senior vice president of Corporate Finance, Investor Relations and Treasurer. Before joining Devon, Ritenour was with Ernst & Young in Dallas. He is a certified public accountant and holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting and a master’s degree in business administration, both from the University of Oklahoma. He serves on the board of directors of EnLink Midstream Partners, LP, and EnLink Midstream, LLC.
Executive Vice President, Administration



	Alan Marcum, 50, was elected to the position of executive vice president Administration in 2008. Marcum has been with Devon since 1995, and most recently held the position of vice president and controller. Marcum is responsible for office administration, information technology, project management and records management. Prior to joining Devon, Marcum was employed by KPMG Peat Marwick (now KPMG LLP) as a senior auditor. He holds a bachelor's degree in accounting and finance from East Central University. Marcum is a certified public accountant and a member of the Oklahoma State Society of Certified Public Accountants.
Executive Vice President and General Counsel



	Lyndon C. Taylor, 59, was elected to the position of executive vice president and general counsel in February 2007. Taylor had served as Devon's deputy general counsel since August 2005. Prior to joining Devon, Taylor was with Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, LLP for 20 years and served as managing partner of the firm's Houston office from 1993 to 2005. He is admitted to practice law in Oklahoma and Texas. Taylor received his bachelor's degree in industrial engineering from Oklahoma State University and his law degree from the University of Oklahoma. He serves on the board of directors of EnLink Midstream Partners, LP, and EnLink Midstream, LLC. 



 


Other Executives


Carla Brockman 


Tana K. Cashion


Scott Coody


Mike Dionisio


Rob Dutton


Richard A. Gideon


David G. Harris


Gregg L. Henson


Jeremy D. Humphers


Wade Hutchings


Gregg Jacob


Kevin D. Lafferty


Todd Moehlenbrock


John Raines


Frank Schroeder


Alana Tetrick


James Toups


Ben Williams


Allen Wright



Vice President, Corporate Governance and Secretary



	Carla Brockman, 58, holds the position of vice president of corporate governance and secretary, and has been with Devon since March 2010. Prior to joining Devon, Brockman spent 29 years with OGE Energy Corporation, most recently serving as vice president of administration and corporate secretary. Brockman is a graduate of Southern Nazarene University and holds a bachelor's degree in human resources management and a master's degree in management. She is a member of the Society of Corporate Secretaries & Governance Professionals.
Senior Vice President, Human Resources

Tana Cashion, 46, began her career with Devon in 2005 and was promoted to senior vice president of human resources in 2016. During her more than 20 years in human resources, Cashion has worked in the oil and gas, retail, wholesale and tourism industries. She has a bachelor's degree in political science from Pepperdine University and a master’s degree in business administration from the University of Oklahoma.
Vice President, Investor Relations
Scott Coody, 41, was named vice president of investor relations in October 2016. He has been with Devon since 2001 and has held positions of increasing responsibility. Coody worked in the accounting department until 2005, when he joined investor relations. He is a certified public accountant and holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting from the University of Oklahoma.
Vice President, Supply Chain and Marketing

Mike Dionisio, 41, is vice president of supply chain and marketing. He joined Devon in 2008 and has held positions of increasing responsibility in both groups. Dionisio previously worked at ExxonMobil in a variety of downstream business roles. He holds a bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering from the University of Oklahoma and a master’s degree in business administration from the University of St. Thomas in St. Paul, Minnesota. 
Senior Vice President, Canadian Operations

Rob Dutton, 47, is president of Devon Canada and senior vice president of Devon's Canadian operations. His previous roles include vice president of capital projects, vice president of facilities and general manager of thermal facilities. Prior to joining Devon in 2007, Dutton worked in roles of increasing responsibility with several multinational oil and gas producers, including Anadarko and ConocoPhillips. He holds a bachelor's degree in chemical engineering from the University of Saskatchewan. He is a member of the Association of Professional Engineers, Geologists and Geophysicists.
Senior Vice President, Exploration and Production

Rick Gideon, 41, is senior vice president of exploration and production. He oversees the Rockies and Delaware Basin business units, as well as drilling, completions and facilities. Gideon joined Devon in November 2014 as senior operations manager of the Delaware Basin business unit and became its vice president in June 2015. He came to Devon from HighMount Exploration and Production, where he served in roles of increasing responsibility. Other previous employers include Linn Energy and Dominion Exploration and Production. Gideon holds a bachelor’s degree in chemical engineering from the University of Wyoming. He is a member of the Society of Petroleum Engineers.
Senior Vice President, Exploration and Production
David Harris, 44, is senior vice president of exploration and production. Harris is responsible for mergers, acquisitions and divestitures, as well as land. He previously served as treasurer and vice president of corporate finance and as associate general counsel. Harris has been with Devon since 2007. Prior to joining Devon, he was a partner in the Dallas office of Thompson & Knight LLP, specializing in corporate and securities matters. Harris holds a bachelor's degree in political science from the University of Tulsa and a law degree from the University of Oklahoma.
Vice President and Corporate Controller



	Gregg Henson, 51, is vice president and corporate controller. Prior to joining Devon in 1997, Henson was employed by Kerr-McGee Corporation where he held various positions in internal audit and operations accounting in their Oklahoma City and Calgary offices. He holds a bachelor's degree in accounting from East Central University. Henson is a certified public accountant and a member of the Oklahoma State Society of Certified Public Accountants.
Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer

	Jeremy Humphers, 43, is senior vice president and chief accounting officer. Previously he served as vice president of accounting. Prior to joining Devon in 2003, Humphers was an audit senior manager with KPMG LLP. He is a certified public accountant and a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Oklahoma Society of Certified Public Accountants. Humphers graduated with highest honors from East Central University with a bachelor's degree in accounting.

Senior Vice President, Exploration and Production

Wade Hutchings, 44, is senior vice president of exploration and production. He is responsible for the Anadarko Basin business unit, as well as exploration, data and analytics, new ventures and reservoir technology and optimization. Hutchings came to Devon in 2017 from Marathon Oil, where he served in positions of increasing responsibility, most recently as midcontinent regional vice president. He holds a bachelor’s degree in geology from Brigham Young University and a master’s degree in geology from the University of Texas. Hutchings is chairman of the Oklahoma Oil and Gas Association and a board member of the Oklahoma Energy Resources Board. He also is a member of the American Association of Petroleum Geologists. 
Vice President, Southern and North Texas Business Units

Gregg Jacob, 56, is vice president of Devon's Southern and North Texas business units. He joined Devon in 1996 and has held positions including vice president of both reservoir and production engineering in the Permian Basin and the Rocky Mountains. Jacob began his career with Kerr-McGee in 1983. He graduated with a bachelor's degree in petroleum engineering from the University of Oklahoma. He is a member of the Society of Petroleum Engineers.
Senior Vice President, Exploration and Production

Kevin Lafferty, 42, is senior vice president of exploration and production. He oversees the Southern and North Texas business units, as well as environment, health and safety, strategic planning, marketing and supply chain. He previously served in roles of increasing responsibility, most recently as senior vice president of U.S. operations. Prior to joining Devon in 2009, Lafferty worked for ConocoPhillips and Enbridge Inc. He holds a bachelor’s degree in chemical engineering from the University of Kansas. Lafferty serves on the boards of Youth and Family Services, Inc. and the Oklahoma City Ballet, and on the Advisory Board of the University of Kansas Department of Chemical and Petroleum Engineering. He serves on the board of directors of EnLink Midstream Partners, LP, and EnLink Midstream, LLC.
Vice President, Anadarko Basin Business Unit

Todd Moehlenbrock, 52, is vice president of Devon’s Anadarko Basin business unit. He previously served in roles including vice president of engineering technology and manager of production operations for the company’s Rocky Mountains assets. Before joining Devon in 1999, Moehlenbrock worked at Sonat Exploration Co. and Texaco Inc. as a completion and production engineer. He holds a bachelor’s degree in petroleum engineering from the University of Tulsa. Moehlenbrock serves on the board of the Oklahoma Oil & Gas Association and is a member of the Society of Petroleum Engineers.
Vice President, Rockies Business Unit
John Raines, 34, is vice president of Devon’s Rockies business unit. He came to Devon through an internship in 2005, his junior year of college. Upon graduation, Raines joined Devon’s land department and served in roles of increasing responsibility, most recently as vice president of Land. He received a bachelor’s degree in business administration from the University of Oklahoma, with majors in energy management and finance. Raines also holds a law degree from Oklahoma City University. He is a member of the American Association of Professional Landmen and the Oklahoma Bar Association.
Vice President, Delaware Basin Business Unit

Frank Schroeder, 45, is vice president of the Delaware Basin business unit. He previously served as vice president of the North Texas business unit and has been with Devon since 2012. Before joining Devon, he served as president of Cardinal River Energy and prior to that as a reservoir engineer for Chesapeake Energy. Schroeder holds a bachelor's degree in petroleum engineering from the University of Tulsa. He is a member of the Society of Petroleum Engineers.
Vice President of Corporate Finance and Treasurer

Alana Tetrick, 36, is vice president of corporate finance and treasurer. She joined Devon in 2008 and has held roles of increasing responsibility, most recently as assistant treasurer and senior director of corporate finance. Tetrick previously worked at Ford Motor Co., Whirlpool and Hertz. She holds a bachelor’s degree in mathematics from Southwestern Oklahoma State University and a master’s degree in business administration from the University of Notre Dame. 

Vice President, Tax

James Toups, 45, joined Devon as vice president of tax in March 2015. Toups previously worked for Apache Corp., Deloitte and Arthur Andersen. He received both his bachelor’s and master’s degrees in accounting from Texas A&M University. His master’s degree includes a tax specialization. Toups is a board member of the Oklahoma City chapter of Texas Executives Inc. He also is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the Texas Society of Certified Public Accountants and the American Exploration and Production Council (Tax Division).
.
Vice President and Chief Information Officer

Ben Williams, 45, is vice president and chief information officer. He joined Devon in March 2010. Williams previously worked for KPMG, Marathon Oil Corp. and PricewaterhouseCoopers. He is a graduate of Rice University and has a bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering. Williams is on the board of directors of Energistics, a global, nonprofit consortium that helps develop and adopt data-exchange standards for the oil and gas industry.
Vice President, Public and Government Affairs

	Allen Wright, 53, is vice president of public and government affairs. Prior to joining Devon in 2009, he was director, chief operating officer and vice president of public affairs at Koch Industries/Flint Hills Resources and vice president of the Fred and Mary Koch Foundation. Wright serves on the boards of directors of the Public Affairs Council and Friends of the Oklahoma History Center. He also is on the Oklahoma State Chamber of Commerce Executive Committee and the Oklahoma City Chamber Advisory Board and is a member of the Oklahoma City Rotary Club. Wright holds a master's degree in political science from the University of Central Oklahoma and a bachelor's degree in political science from the University of Oklahoma.
















