

Rich Uncles REIT Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















rich uncles reit inc
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Real Estate
Sub-Industry: REIT
Rich Uncles REIT, Inc. operates as a real estate investment trust. The Company focuses on the investment in single tenant income producing corporate properties. Rich Uncles REIT conducts business in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

3080 Bristol Street
Suite 550
Costa Mesa, CA 92626
United States


Phone:
1-855-742-4862


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.richuncles.com





Board Members




Chairman
Company










Chief Executive Officer
Company


Harold Hofer
Rich Uncles Reit Inc








Board Members
Company














Show More
























From The Web











Key Executives


Harold C Hofer


Chief Executive Officer




Howard Makler


President/Chief Marketing Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































 




Rich Uncles Review 2017 | Crowdfunding Commercial REITs




















































































 



 


















Home > Real Estate > Rich Uncles Review
Rich Uncles Review – Combining Crowdfunding and Commercial REITs










Review of: Rich Uncles
Reviewed by: Ruth Lyons
Published on: July 26, 2017
Last Modified: July 26, 2017







Editor Rating
Rated 3.5 stars












Rich Uncles is a public non-traded Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT). You don't need to be accredited to invest, the tenants are screened, and you can get in with a low minimum investment. However, this is a long-term investment, which might not please traders who want quick returns or exit.
 


Using a crowdfunding platform to raise capital is a popular new concept in real estate investing, including Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs).
Crowdfunding makes property funding easier and faster than going through the traditional routes of finding bank financing or investors with large amounts of capital who are interested in specific opportunities. It also opens up real estate investing to people who have only small amounts of money to invest.
Rich Uncles’ business model allows everyone the opportunity to own commercial real estate through an investment in their NNN REIT.
What Is Rich Uncles?
Rich Uncles provides an online platform for investors to buy shares of their single-tenant commercial property REIT, called the Rich Uncles NNN REIT. The REIT is invested in property leased by retail businesses, such as gas stations, drugstores and grocery stores, that pay monthly rent. The collected rent is distributed to shareholders monthly as dividend income.
Rich Uncles’ platform provides photos and details about the properties in the REIT. While you don’t pick specific properties to invest in — there’s one REIT that holds these properties and you invest in the REIT itself — you can get a good feel for the portfolio holdings by reviewing the details of the individual properties online.
Rich Uncles’ Portfolio
Rich Uncles acquires and holds commercial properties that meet specific criteria to reduce risk and provide reliable rental income. Specifically, they seek single-tenant properties:


located in primary, secondary and certain tertiary markets;

where construction is substantially complete to reduce risk associated with new construction;

leased on a “triple net” basis where the tenant is responsible for the payment of taxes, insurance and maintenance;

leased to tenants with strong financial statements including investment-grade credit quality; and

subject to long-term leases with defined rental rate increases.

According to co-founder Howard Makler, Rich Uncles gives small investors the opportunity to “invest alongside the chairman of the world’s largest commercial real estate company and a handpicked team of experts that know the world of real estate inside and out.”
Rich Uncles’ founding investor is Raymond Wirta, former chairman of CBRE (NYSE:CBG), a global real estate services firm. Rounding out the management team is CEO Harold Hofer, a lawyer who has participated in real estate transactions, as a principal and as a broker, valued in excess of $2 billion in his 30-year real estate.
To understand Rich Uncles’ product offering, it’s important to understand the difference between a traded REIT and a public non-traded REIT, Rich Uncles being a public non-traded REIT.
Quick Comparison  —Read the ReviewRead the ReviewRating
Rated 3.5 stars


Rated 3.5 stars


Rated 3.5 stars

Min. Deposit$500$1,000$2,500FeesFree0.85%/year0.30% - 0.50%/yearAccredited InvestorNoNoNo
A Real Estate Investment Trust, or REIT, is a corporation that takes capital from many different investors and uses it to buy income-producing real estate. In general, a REIT is an entity that:


combines the capital of many investors to acquire or provide financing for real estate investments;

allows individual investors to invest in a professionally managed, large-scale diversified portfolio of real estate;

pays distributions to investors of at least 90% of its annual REIT taxable income; and

avoids the “double taxation” treatment of investment income, because a REIT is not generally subject to federal corporate income taxes on the portion of income distributed to its stockholders.

Shares in public REITs are available to any investor through the stock market, can be purchased from any registered investment broker and are considered to be liquid — the shares trade on the stock market exchanges, and therefore can be bought and sold quickly. There are hundreds of public REITs on Vanguard, Fidelity, Schwab and other brokerage houses from which you can choose.
Rich Uncles’ offering, NNN REIT, Inc., is classified as a public non-traded REIT. The distinction is they are “public” to the extent they are registered with the SEC, so the public can view their offering, but they do not trade on the open market as do the public REIT shares you purchase from an investment broker.
Typically, the sponsor of a public non-traded REIT has an in-house dealer-manager that is responsible for marketing shares to FINRA-licensed broker-dealers and SEC-regulated investment advisors, which results in substantial fees. These fees typically include:


5% to 7% sales commissions paid to the broker-dealer for soliciting the investment,

2% to 3% commission paid to the dealer managing the sales effort, and

1% to 2% paid to the broker-dealer for costs associated with a due diligence review of the offering.

All these commissions and reimbursements mean approximately 8%–12% of the cost of the typical non-traded REIT is spent on broker-dealer and dealer-manager costs, leaving only 88%–92% of investment dollars being placed into actual real estate.
Rich Uncles, LLC, was founded for “a single purpose — to make real estate investment easier and less expensive for the small investor.”
Instead of using the typical broker-dealer distribution channel and paying advisory intermediaries, Rich Uncles uses crowdfunding and the internet to market their REIT directly to investors.
Rich Uncles believes that with the ease and transparency of the internet, the company can deliver a real estate product that has roughly 10% more of the investment amount actually being invested in real estate rather than being paid to others in the form of commissions and reimbursements.
Rich Uncles Features



Minimum Investment
$500


Fees
None


Accredited Investor
No


REITs
Yes


Offering Types
Equity


Property Types
Commercial



Return — Historically, Rich Uncles has distributed a 7.0% annualized dividend on a monthly basis. This is an increase from the 6.5% annualized dividend they offered when their NNN REIT first launched in July 2016. The hypothetical earnings found on their website assume you reinvest your dividends over five years.
Rich Uncles — Possible Earnings
Liquidity — Rich Uncles’ REIT provides a share redemption program that can be accessed through your shareholder dashboard. You have the option of selling back your shares to Rich Uncles. This aspect of their offering was developed in order to meet the market’s demand for a real estate investment product that did not follow the ebb and flow of the traditional stock market, but still provided a level of liquidity traditional commercial real estate can’t match. In this sense, Rich Uncles’ model adds liquidity to a previously illiquid product.
Long-term investment — When you invest, you are committing to being part owner of many commercial real estate properties. Real estate is a long-term investment. When the fund reaches its cap of investor capital — typically 4–7 years — a fund liquidation event takes place and investment proceeds are distributed. You get your value back — what your shares are worth at the time, plus profits from the proceeds of the sale of all the buildings owned by the fund.
Rich Uncles is considered an “open-ended” fund, meaning there is no set liquidation date. It is up to the principals of Rich Uncles to determine the appropriate time and circumstances for portfolio liquidation.
Rich Uncles has their shares revalued by an independent third party appraisal firm on an annual basis, which allows their investors the chance to benefit from increases in property value over time.
50% cash equity ownership in all owned properties — Rich Uncles limits their mortgage debt by buying properties with 50% cash down payments, which means they carry 50% cash equity ownership in their entire real estate portfolio.
Dividend reinvestment option — You can choose to have your monthly dividends automatically reinvested and compound your ownership.
No broker commissions; No investor fees — Because Rich Uncles doesn’t use brokers, they do not pay commissions, instead choosing to use crowdfunding to find investors, which reduces their overhead and increases the percentage of returns they can distribute to their members.
“Triple-net leases” — Rich Uncles buys commercial properties where tenants are responsible for paying all property-related expenses, including taxes, insurance and maintenance.
Availability — Rich Uncles NNN REIT is currently available to residents of: CA, CO, CT, FL, GA, HI, ID, IL, IN, KY, LA, MT, NH, NV, NY, SD, TX, UT, VT, WI, WY.

 Pros

No REIT expenses — Typically, public-traded REITs pay subordinated performance fees equal to 15% of the amounts by which asset sale proceeds exceed the amounts paid to purchase shares, and a return of their invested capital plus a 6% cumulative, non-compounded annual return on invested capital. Rich Uncles charges none of these customary fees. They completely skip the middleman — and his commissions — by marketing directly to investors through their crowdfunding platform.
You make money or Rich Uncles doesn’t get paid — Unlike your typical portfolio manager or broker who collects his monthly management fee or commissions whether he makes money for you or not, Rich Uncles’ business model is performance based. The first 6.5% of profits is paid out to shareholders — Rich Uncles makes money only if the investments deliver — and their share is 40% of profits once the investment exceeds the 6.5% hurdle.
Truly passive real estate alternative — Rich Uncles REIT is a truly passive real estate investment. You invest in the REIT and Rich Uncles does all the legwork and paperwork associated with owning, leasing and managing commercial properties, paying you cash dividends on a monthly basis.
No need to be accredited — You don’t need to be an accredited investor. Rich Uncles asks only that you have a combined family income of $75K or a net worth of at least $250K. Suitability standards differ slightly from state to state, but richuncles.com walks investors through the requirements of their state of residence.
High-quality tenants — Rich Uncles invests only in single-tenant commercial properties with existing long-term leases. They don’t buy vacant buildings and find tenants. They don’t invest in distressed properties and rehab them. They acquire only three types of properties — office, retail and industrial — which are already leased to high quality tenants.
50% equity reduces real estate mortgage risk — Rich Uncles only acquires properties with 50% equity. That would be like you putting a 50% down payment when you buy your home.
Geographical diversification reduces real estate exposure risk — Rich Uncles’ strategy is to acquire properties across the country, thereby reducing the risks of any one market by diversifying their holdings geographically.
Low minimum investment — The minimum investment of $500 opens it up to many more people than most commercial real estate crowdfunding platforms.
Monthly dividends — Like a dividend-paying stock, Rich Uncles REIT provides steady monthly dividend income (under normal circumstances). You can choose to receive your dividends in cash or reinvest them.


 Cons

Investment Liquidity — Once you make an investment, you are pretty much committed to the investment for the term. There is currently no secondary market to sell your investment to others.
Long-Term investment — While some investors have turned to non-traded REITs to sidestep stock market risk, it’s important to understand you give up some liquidity at the same time. Real estate is longer-term investment. You don’t really know what your shares are worth until the very end when the property sells, or Rich Uncles conducts its annual asset appraisal and adjusts share value accordingly.
Monthly dividends are not guaranteed — This can be said of any dividend, really. There are no guarantees when it comes to investing, and that includes the monthly payouts from Rich Uncles. Rich Uncles’ 50% equity model greatly diminishes the chance of foreclosure on any of their holdings, and their tenant screening process ensures credit worthiness, but there is still a chance tenants will fail to pay their rent, which would mean there is no rental income to distribute.
Their website requires an account even to “Learn More” — When you click on their links of “Learn More” or “How it Works,” you are given the option to create a login. If you don’t want to create a login, you don’t get to see more about the company.

Summary
Rich Uncles’ REIT investing strategy is to buy commercial real estate with at least 50% cash down, rent the spaces to reliable companies with long-term leases and pay out the rental income to their REIT shareholders via monthly dividends.
Similar to Fundrise, which we reviewed a few months ago, Rich Uncles REITs give investors access to real estate deals without the high dollar commitment typically needed, without being an accredited investor and without paying the high front-end load fees typically charged by REITs.
Rich Uncles’ business model is an investor’s dream in the sense that, unlike brokers who get paid commission whether they make you money or not, Rich Uncles is incentivized to make money for you. The company is entitled to profits only after the REIT delivers a return of 7.0% to shareholders.
Purchasing shares of Rich Uncles NNN REIT, Inc. involves some risk, including the fact that Rich Uncles is a new company with a limited track record. As with any investment, you should carefully read the prospectus prior to making your investment decision.


 Share7 Tweet4 Share7 Reddit Email 
Suggested For You

Fundrise Review 2017 - Invest in Commercial Real Estate PassivelyRealty Mogul Review - Real Estate Investing through CrowdfundingCrowdStreet Review - No-Fee Crowdfunded Real Estate InvestingReal Estate Crowdfunding Comparison ListPatch of Land Review - Crowd Investing in Real Estate Fix & Flips 




Comments





Notify of 


new follow-up comments
new replies to my comments








 








 




















 Notify of new replies to this comment


















 




















 Notify of new replies to this comment














Sort by:  
                            newest | 
                            oldest
                                                            | most voted



JB4 months 25 days agoRuth, in the section that mentions the ‘PROs’, I think you may be referring to the wrong item in point #1. The REIT DOES charge  performance fees once the performance crosses over the return threshold. You may have confused the ‘no commission’ charged by outside B/Ds with the performance fee that is being charged.  One has nothing to do with the other. The REIT does charge a 3% Dealer/Manager fee, along with high acquisition fees and disposal fees of properties. There are REIT expenses for sure.   I hope this is helpful.
7  |     Reply   Hide Replies ∧







Featured Real Estate Services



					    	Fundrise Review						



					    	PeerStreet Review						



					    	RealCrowd Review						



					    	Realty Mogul Review						



					    	RealtyShares Review						



					    	Roofstock Review						



					    	Sharestates Review						



					    	Real Estate Crowdfunding Comparison						



 Recent Real Estate Articles
 

5 Reasons Real Estate Investing Beats the Stock Market



How This House Flip Went Better Than I Planned



Can You Profit From Rentals? Real Estate Investing by the Numbers



Real Estate Depreciation – A Tax Deduction That Rental Property Investors Love



Tax Lien Investing: Double-Digit Returns – But Is This Investment Right for You?



Table of Contents
Quick Comparison

More Details


















 




Investment Reviews































































 



 


















Home > ReviewsLatest Investment ReviewsFind out if an investment product or service is right for you. We've done the research for you, and give you insightful and honest reviews.

Latest Reviews





 
SoFi





 
YieldStreet





 
Wunder Capital





 
Edward Jones







 
Penny App





 
EnergyFunders





 
Clink App





 
SaveDay





Learn What the Wealthy Know

                Sign Up for Our FREE Weekly Newsletter. Learn wealth-building strategies to get you on the path towards financial freedom.
        

Email*

Name

  










This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.




Latest Articles





The Best Financial Apps for Beginning Investors

 June 21, 2017 by Kara Perez
Knowing what’s going on with your money is the best way to grow your personal wealth. And today, with dozens of financial apps available to download, it’s never been easier […]




Hidden 401(k) or 403(b) Expenses

 May 28, 2017 by Miranda Marquit
We all know we’re supposed to be investing into tax-advantaged retirement accounts — for the good of our financial futures. The foundation of your financial future is supposed to be […]




Lending Club vs. Prosper – Which Is Better For Investing?

 May 28, 2017 by Larry Ludwig
Investors looking to take advantage of the great returns offered by peer-to-peer (P2P) lending have two choices: or . Both offer excellent potential returns for investors, but they do operate […]




How Might Peer-to-Peer Investing Do in a Recession?

 May 16, 2017 by Kevin Mercadante
Seven years into the current economic expansion, speculation is growing that a recession is close at hand. This suspicion is supported by signs of weakening in both retail and restaurants, […]




Best IRA Accounts – The Top Picks for 2017

 June 28, 2017 by Kevin Mercadante
It’s probably impossible to say that one size fits all when it comes to IRA accounts. But some brokerage firms excel on certain fronts and represent the best IRA accounts […]




Is Lending Club or Prosper a Risky Investment?

 May 16, 2017 by Larry Ludwig
An article by Todd Tresidder of Financial Mentor mentions the “dangers” of peer-to-peer (P2P) investing. From my experience P2P investing is not risky, and I have evidence to prove it.
 



















Rich Uncle's Reviews - Legit or Scam?
 



































 







 




























   
 





7 Ways to Make Money Online
Legitimate Work at Home Jobs
Real Online Survey Companies
Write a Review









Rich Uncle’s Reviews – Legit or Scam?
 





Rich-Uncles.com
 
from 146 reviews
Review It


 
Rich Uncle’s, found online at Rich-Uncles.com, is a company who says their goal is to create a platform that makes real estate investment accessible for everyone who wants to get involved.
Traditionally speaking, real estate investment was thought to only be available to people who had large sums of investment capital that they could translate into large stakes in investment opportunities.
Rich Uncle’s has a goal of making this type of investment available to people with different levels of capital available, so this type of investment opportunity is no longer off limits to the general public.
How Does It Work?
The whole concept of Rich Uncle’s rests on something called a Real Estate Investment Trust, or REIT, which is a corporation that takes capital from many different investors and uses it to buy and then operate income producing real estate.
In addition, REITs are exempt from taxes if certain standards can be met, including the distribution of at least 90% of the taxable income. REITs make this possible by generating and distributing this income to their shareholders in dividends.




Finally, this company does not pay commissions, instead choosing to use the internet for advertising and finding investors, which reduces their overhead and increases the percentage of returns they distribute to their members.
Is This a Legitimate Opportunity?
This company is funding real estate investment opportunities through a specific type of a crowdfunding platform. They say that their potential investors can begin purchasing ownership in REITs with investments of just $500.
Using the crowdfunding platform to raise capital for real estate opportunities is becoming a popular new concept in real estate investing. It not only opens up real estate investing to people who only have small amounts of money to invest, but it is beneficial for the properties and owners themselves.
Crowdfunding often allows these properties to be funded easier and faster than going through the traditional routes of finding bank funding or investors with large amounts of capital who are interested in the opportunity.
So this type of real estate investment is growing in acceptability and popularity, and people who are interested in it can look at the opportunities available through Rich Uncle’s, or other companies that take a similar approach.
If you're at Reviewopedia.com because you are looking for a way to make money online then check out our article  "7 Ways to Make Money Online" - methods that anyone can use to earn an income from home. 
 








 



  Would you like to add your review for
Rich Uncle's Reviews ?
If so, click here

 

Share This Page!


Tweet






   
 

Customer Responses, Reviews, or Complaints

Average Rating for " Rich Uncle's Reviews "

   			
				 is  2.04  
                out of
      			5
			based on
      		102 reviews.     
      		 



Rich Uncles Official says:
            
           
            
            			July 27th, 2017 at 4:53 pm  
Due to a high number of inaccurate reviews and accusations posted to this website by fraudulent accounts over the last few months, Rich Uncles will no longer respond to falsely posed complaints or grievances. For all genuine questions and concerns about our company or products, we look forward engaging in a timely manner through the appropriate channels of communication:  
– (855) Rich-Uncles
– info@RichUncles.com
– https://www.RichUncles.com/contact-us
If you have any specific questions or concerns, please reach out to our Investor Relations team via the channels above. 
– Rich Uncles
REPLY


NuttyProfessor1958 says:
            
           
            
            			June 20th, 2017 at 7:32 pm  
Hello all. I’m really considering investing with RU; but your comments are causing me great concern. I guess my question though is; if RU is so bad, how is it that they have such a high rating with the BBB? I’d like to read whatever comments you can offer on this. Thanks!
REPLYCousin Teddy says:July 27th, 2017 at 5:00 pmThe leaders of this company are the real issue, they’ve never run a business before and just try to complicate everything. They are just trying to hide the Scam, if they would just keep everything simple, they would not have lost so many great employees.
Ernie says:July 25th, 2017 at 7:56 pmLawsuits are of public record. I can’t find any lawsuits with Rich Uncles as a defendant. Where have these lawsuits been filed?
Employees says:July 23rd, 2017 at 1:29 pmFraudulent ponzi that returns your own capital run by financial morons that abuse their employees. Numerous former employees suing them. Run as fast as you can and do not give them a penny or you will never see it again.
cato says:June 23rd, 2017 at 3:19 amBBB isn’t legitimate
cato says:June 23rd, 2017 at 3:17 amBBB rating isn’t a legitimate reflection of a business. It has been found to be corrupt in the past. Ask yourself one question: why do I need to invest in a non-traded REIT when there are so many on the open market?




Rating

   
John says:
            
           
            
            			June 18th, 2017 at 2:56 pm  
I have been with them for a few years.  Their services have been great and they pay me every quarter.  It’s a nice price of my portfolio.
REPLYFormer Investor says:July 23rd, 2017 at 1:36 pmAs soon as the remaining lawsuits hit they will be bankrupt and your money will be tied up in court for years. Do not invest.
Cranky Grandpa says:July 4th, 2017 at 8:06 pmYou obviously have no clue what you are investing in, then…those aren’t “dividends”, they are return of principal, which is generated from the depreciation of the properties.  When the the depreciation is gone, so is your “dividend”, plus, it all needs to be paid back when the properties are sold.  It’s like cutting chunks out of a pig and thinking that the pig is “producing” pork…once it’s gone, it’s gone and *poof*, so is your money.
Sucker.
Degenerate Grandfather says:July 3rd, 2017 at 5:10 pmWhat you’re getting is a return of principal…they are paying you back with your own money.  They are losing millions of dollars every year, they balance this out by depreciating the properties.  This depreciation has to be paid back when the properties are sold.
Victoria says:June 29th, 2017 at 5:48 pmi Agree.  I get my dividends every quarter




Rating

   
Carl says:
            
           
            
            			June 2nd, 2017 at 11:34 pm  
I have been trying to analyze this opportunity for a while now as I have a significant amount to invest and 7% sounds great. However, the more I read and think about it, it seems that the “dividends” aren’t dividends at all, just a return of investor’s money. This doesn’t sound right to me, particularly after watching the HBO movie about Bernie Madoff. I think I’ll pass.
REPLYcato says:June 23rd, 2017 at 3:21 amYou are very wise Carl




Rating

   
curious investor says:
            
           
            
            			May 18th, 2017 at 10:17 am  
Why has the SEC waited so long to shut these crooks down?
REPLYEmployee says:July 23rd, 2017 at 1:32 pmHoward Makler has been a known thief and scoundrel in OC for decades. He hides behind his daddys money and cheats on his wife with underage chinese girls. Guaranteed prison unmate within a year. His former employees have all file complaints about his abusive actions.
Employees says:July 23rd, 2017 at 1:27 pmHoward Makler is a fraudulent deceptive liar that has fucked over ever single employee of Rich Uncles. His former employees from Howies game shack told us the exact same thing. He is going to prison. Your money is not safe.
Smelly Aunt says:May 25th, 2017 at 6:36 pmThey are going to rot in prison for this ponzi scheme.




Rating

   
Middle class brother Inlaw says:
            
           
            
            			March 22nd, 2017 at 7:14 pm  
Recently looked at their audited financials. They are in the red by over a million dollars. What a scam! And half of what they say are lies. Ray West’s is not the CEO for the CBRE group. Check their website.
REPLYEmployee says:July 23rd, 2017 at 1:34 pmThey are a 100% SCAM. No profits and they fire every employee that speaks up about their illegal activities. Multiple employees just resigned due to the CA DOB AND SEC INVESTIGATION that will soon land the executives in jail. Run as far as you can.



Poor Grandson says:
            
           
            
            			March 14th, 2017 at 9:46 pm  
Dear Rich Uncle,
I am looking at your SEC quarterly report for 9/30/2016.  Revenue was about $400,000 and expenses were about $1,290,000, per your own report that was filed with the SEC.  The loss per share was ($10.44), per the report you filed with the SEC.  
Thank you so much for providing us novice investors with such a great opportunity.
Sincerely,
Poor Grandson
REPLYget me out! says:March 17th, 2017 at 9:31 amPay no attention to the actual facts.  You should only listen to tacky radio adds and the many sock puppets appearing on this site whenever Howard the Heeb posts.




Rating

   
Donte Jones says:
            
           
            
            			March 12th, 2017 at 12:05 pm  
I invested a little over $10,000 with them. They are so unorganized! They have so many computer glitches it’s rediculous! My sales person sidesteps questions, and if you look at their audited financials you will see they are not making much money.  Certainly not 7%. Perhaps it’s because of their huge staff, or their multi million dollar offices. I’ve never even seen huge hedg funds with offices or a staff like that. When I tried to cash in my investment I had to wait. I was not happy. Find a publicly traded REIT.
REPLYcato says:June 23rd, 2017 at 3:23 amNow you know. If it’s on the radio it’s a scam.




Rating

   
Navel says:
            
           
            
            			March 9th, 2017 at 5:25 am  
Every time I call and ask questions I get some sales person that doesn’t want to answer questions. They just sidestep. I’m not impressed. A lot of companies that have gone under do the same thing. Offer dividend then give out to much and fold. Run from these guys!
REPLY



Rating

   
Never Never Never says:
            
           
            
            			March 6th, 2017 at 11:20 am  
With all the negative reviews and questions concerning the ethics of
RU, why would anyone “invest” here?.  Go to Schwab, Fidelity, Vanguard
and others and invest in a true REIT where you can buy and sell on the same day if you want.  No waiting for months to sell and receive your funds.  And there is never a question as to the ethics of the major
brokerage house in terms of the 1099 you receive.  And in one post
RU claims to have 5000 “investors” and $200 million under management.
Check those numbers against the major brokerage firms and RU disappears into obscurity.  And they state they have been in business for a total of three years…oh be still my heart.  They are complete novices at what they do.  Do not walk away, RUN as fast as you can from these
guys.
REPLY



Rating

   
Marlena says:
            
           
            
            			March 4th, 2017 at 10:10 am  
What a bunch of lies! A return of capital is not a dividend. You can play 3 card monte all you like but at the end of the day this gets the rich uncles richer and screws the little guy!
REPLYdisapponted says:April 4th, 2017 at 1:00 pmAll lies.  But I like the idea of screwing the little guy.  Who is he?




Rating

   
cynicatheart says:
            
           
            
            			February 28th, 2017 at 12:02 pm  
When you use shills who are talking heads on the sports talk radio…there has to be something wrong.  If you want a REIT, try Vanguard, TRPrice, Fidelity or any other legitimate broker.  These guys are thieves.
REPLY



Rating

   
Rich Uncles says:
            
           
            
            			February 28th, 2017 at 11:26 am  
We wanted to take a moment to respond in this space regarding the comments about recent 1099s that have been issued. It still appears that many of these reviews are not coming from actual investors.
We are happy to address any concern that any legitimate investors have regarding how the IRS addresses “Dividends earned” in person at our offices in Costa Mesa or over the phone with our Clent Relations Team @ 949 536 9226. If they are happy to explain the reporting process on 1099s and if you still have concerns connect you directly with our CFO, President or CEO as appropriate.
In addition, we strongly suggest you consult a tax professional for your own perspective on what Rich Uncles is, in fact, distributing to its clients and reporting on your 1099 and how it is declared by the IRS.
Rich Uncles has been in business for more than 3 years now, is approaching $200M in AUM with well over 5000 investors and has been in good standing with the SEC, BBB and our independent auditors Ernst & Young since inception.
A further technical response regarding understand your 1099 is listed below:
The Form 1099-DIV that you received from Rich Uncles NNN REIT showed both “Total ordinary dividends” and “Nondividend distributions”
This is primarily due to property depreciation deductions. Current tax codes allow real estate owners to depreciate, or write off, the costs of a property’s improvements (i.e., the bricks and mortar, but not underlying ground) over a certain time frame. This is effectively a paper loss and is one of the benefits of owning commercial real estate.
NNN REIT’s business model is to acquire properties in advance of selling REIT shares, using the REIT’s acquisition line of credit. As REIT shares are sold, the line of credit is correspondingly reduced. We use this strategy to ensure that the proceeds from REIT shares sold are immediately deployed into dividend yield-generating real estate ownership, and not deposited into an escrow account until enough shares are sold to purchase the next property.
NNN REIT purchased its first properties in June of last year, utilizing the REIT’s line of credit. Depreciation deductions began to accrue then, prior to selling any REIT shares. The line of credit was also employed to purchase our Dollar General portfolio in November, and our Dana Inc. acquisition in December. The line of credit balance was reduced to $0 last week (repaid from the proceeds of REIT shares sold), but we are about to dip into the line again to purchase our next asset.
A consequence of our buy-first, sell REIT shares-next strategy is that the REIT built up depreciation deductions in 2016 that fully “tax sheltered” the dividends that were paid to shareholders.
These depreciation deductions have reduced your tax or “cost” basis in your REIT shares investment; and under current IRS codes, you will be taxed at capital gains rates on the difference between your ultimate sales price of your REIT shares and your cost basis.
We trust that this clarifies any misunderstanding that you may have had. It is important to note that NO REIT share offering proceeds were used to pay dividends; all dividend were paid from property rental receipts.
REPLYget me out! says:March 3rd, 2017 at 10:27 amYou are so full of crap.  Any “paper” depreciation at this time will subject the holder to hell of a liability when the underlying properties are sold or disposed of.  You are liar and a crook.  And amazing how 3 other “5 star” reviews showed up within hours of your posting.
I can’t wait to see you in prison where your anus will be turned into cole slaw.




Rating

   
Ryan Hirsch says:
            
           
            
            			February 28th, 2017 at 11:23 am  
Not sure what everyone is so upset about. If you speak to your accountant they will be able to explain how the 1099 is read. I’ve received mine from them, and everything checks out.
REPLY



Rating

   
Marina says:
            
           
            
            			February 28th, 2017 at 1:04 am  
I’m not sure where all these comments are coming  from, I’ve been an investor since October and live this investment…Dividend have been exactly as expected and my accountant explained the 1099 to me just as described by customer service….I’m moving some dollars from my 401k next
REPLYget me out! says:March 7th, 2017 at 10:05 amLOL, is that you under the skirt, howard?  One of your sock puppets that all mysteriously sprang up within minutes of your post??
Marina says:March 5th, 2017 at 11:44 pmDon’t want to sell my shares, I like the returns and am looking to invest more…
Mr/Mrs “Get out” – I’m not sure what your motivation is in writing the posts on this site – the foul language you are using reflects your true character like a mirror, also makes me think your comments lack merit. 
I am very happy with this investment and hate to see this type of bashing – if you are really a serious investor you have a very immature approach to sharing your feelings …if you are not then you are just sad…
Cant figure out your motivation here….
get me out! says:March 3rd, 2017 at 10:28 amwow, since October!
Try to sell your shares marina.




Rating

   
Rich Uncles says:
            
           
            
            			February 24th, 2017 at 6:06 pm  
We wanted to take a moment to respond in this space regarding the comments about recent 1099s that have been issued. It still appears that many of these reviews are not coming from actual investors. 
We are happy to address any concern that any legitimate investors have regarding how the IRS addresses “Dividends earned” in person at our offices in Costa Mesa or over the phone with our Clent Relations Team @ 949 536 9226. If they are happy to explain the reporting process on 1099s and if you still have concerns connect you directly with our CFO, President or CEO as appropriate.
In addition, we strongly suggest you consult a tax professional for your own perspective on what Rich Uncles is, in fact, distributing to its clients and reporting on your 1099 and how it is declared by the IRS. 
Rich Uncles has been in business for more than 3 years now, is approaching $200M in AUM with well over 5000 investors and has been in good standing with the SEC, BBB and our independent auditors Ernst & Young since inception.
A further technical response regarding understqnd your 1099 is listed below:
The Form 1099-DIV that you received from Rich Uncles NNN REIT showed both “Total ordinary dividends” and “Nondividend distributions”
This is primarily due to property depreciation deductions.  Current tax codes allow real estate owners to depreciate, or write off, the costs of a property’s improvements (i.e., the bricks and mortar, but not underlying ground) over a certain time frame.  This is effectively a paper loss and is one of the benefits of owning commercial real estate.
NNN REIT’s business model is to acquire properties in advance of selling REIT shares, using the REIT’s acquisition line of credit. As REIT shares are sold, the line of credit is correspondingly reduced.  We use this strategy to ensure that the proceeds from REIT shares sold are immediately deployed into dividend yield-generating real estate ownership, and not deposited into an escrow account until enough shares are sold to purchase the next property.
NNN REIT purchased its first properties in June of last year, utilizing the REIT’s line of credit. Depreciation deductions began to accrue then, prior to selling any REIT shares.  The line of credit was also employed to purchase our Dollar General portfolio in November, and our Dana Inc. acquisition in December.  The line of credit balance was reduced to $0 last week (repaid from the proceeds of REIT shares sold), but we are about to dip into the line again to purchase our next asset.
A consequence of our buy-first, sell REIT shares-next strategy is that the REIT built up depreciation deductions in 2016 that fully “tax sheltered” the dividends that were paid to shareholders.
These depreciation deductions have reduced your tax or “cost” basis in your REIT shares investment; and under current IRS codes, you will be taxed at capital gains rates on the difference between your ultimate sales price of your REIT shares and your cost basis.
We trust that this clarifies any misunderstanding that you may have had. It is important to note that NO REIT share offering proceeds were used to pay dividends; all dividend were paid from property rental receipts.
REPLYRichard B. says:February 27th, 2017 at 8:12 pmRich Uncle – Thanks so much for laying this out – really helps me understand further. I actually just happen to meet with my accountant today to review my taxes and she echoed your perspective that this really is an issue with the way the IRS tries to lump a number of things into one space on my 1099.




Rating

   
Carol says:
            
           
            
            			February 23rd, 2017 at 1:00 pm  
2/23/17
Harold,  
I heard about “Rich Uncles” on a radio program, and thought this
may be a good solution to put a smsll investment from my IRA. After
reading the reviews, as well, as your replies,  I see, that your stragegy,  is not for the investors, but, instead, to feed greedy
corporate pockets,  with no, regard to the investors, or their
investments. 
I am very disappointed in this company, and I am equally disappointed in the radio station, for allowing your company to be advertised.   It is obvious this is not a legitimate business, with ethical regard , so, I feel grateful to the reviewers for stopping me , from making a very terrible mistake. 
Carol
REPLY



Rating

   
get me out! says:
            
           
            
            			February 21st, 2017 at 8:24 pm  
where is this idiot howard heifer?  show your face you crook!
REPLY



Rating

   
Amond says:
            
           
            
            			February 18th, 2017 at 4:33 pm  
I too came here to tell everyone to stay away. I just got my 1099 and am very upset about them just returning my money and calling it a dividend! Liars!
REPLY



Rating

   
Dumb investor says:
            
           
            
            			February 18th, 2017 at 7:59 am  
I was fooled by these crooks. After opening my 1099 and seeing that they have been lying about the dividend, I tried to sell my shares back and was told that I was unable to.  “There are significant restrictions on our share repurchase program. Consequently, you must be prepared to hold your shares for an indefinite length of time and, if you are able to sell your shares, you may have to sell them at a substantial discount.” Stay as far away from these crooks as possible.
REPLY



Rating

   
Dr. P says:
            
           
            
            			February 16th, 2017 at 2:19 pm  
My 1099 confirms that what they are paying out isn’t a dividend! It’s a Ponzi scheme! What a bunch of jerks! The SEC will surely shut them down!
REPLYget me out! says:March 7th, 2017 at 10:16 amP-O-N-Z-I
Depreciation is not wealth generation…it’s depreciation.  After the property is fully depreciated, there is no depreciation.  When the property is sold (most likely at a gain), all of that depreciation has to be paid back.
Are you really that unsophisticated or are you just a rah-rah sock puppet?
Anonymous says:February 21st, 2017 at 6:32 pmI have invested in similar non-traded REITS and can provide the following feedback.  
The IRS categorizes both “return of capital” and depreciation as “return of capital” on your 1099.  If the portfolio used cost serration analysis, your deprecation could be nearly 100% where your 1099 could report 100% “return of capital” and yet the dividend could be fully covered.  
If they are not using cost segregation analysis, you could expect up to 50% tax deferral through depreciation (which would reflect 50% “return of capital” on a 1099)
I am not affiliated with Rich uncles nor up to speed on their portfolios financials.




Rating

   
Mr. Obvious says:
            
           
            
            			February 16th, 2017 at 11:48 am  
Where is that jerk Howard now?  I don’t see him showing his greedy, crooked face around here any more and if you noticed, they stopped advertising on the radio!  SEC and prison is next.
REPLY



Rating

   
Jeb Looking says:
            
           
            
            			February 13th, 2017 at 5:58 pm  
These guys are all over the place. I spoke to one of their “Senior Advisors,” Joe, and what an idiot! He kept talking about gold. Besides this he owns a lot of gold! Who cares! The conversation was all about him. What a very insecure guy!  When I asked for a copy of the audited financials he wouldn’t send them to me. Hmmm?
REPLY



Rating

   
Dejon says:
            
           
            
            			February 13th, 2017 at 5:36 pm  
I became really upset when I opened my 1099 and saw that as it turns out the so called 7% dividend isn’t a dividend at all. It’s a ponzie scheme! I can’t believe I fell for this crap!
REPLY



Rating

   
David says:
            
           
            
            			February 13th, 2017 at 10:17 am  
Only about 1.5 percent is divided, the rest is return of capital. I’m really upset that they have lied!!!!!!!
REPLY



Rating

   
Mr. Obvious says:
            
           
            
            			February 12th, 2017 at 12:10 pm  
WTF is this on my 1099??  Are you serious?  PONZI SCHEME!
REPLY



Rating

   
Jenna V says:
            
           
            
            			February 11th, 2017 at 11:00 am  
I also just got my 1099 and am very upset about them calling it a dividend, what a bunch of liars!
REPLY



Rating

   
Never Never Never says:
            
           
            
            			February 9th, 2017 at 3:46 pm  
Have you noticed the comments of those who just received their
1099 statements?  What RU is returning is their capital and not
income or dividends which means its taxable once again on a no
gain payout. Talk about smoke and mirrors.
REPLY



Rating

   
Sakki says:
            
           
            
            			February 7th, 2017 at 6:34 pm  
I just got my 1099 and what they are giving out is not a dividend it is a return of capital. I’m not happy!
REPLY



Rating

   
Me. Obvious says:
            
           
            
            			January 30th, 2017 at 3:46 pm  
I think it’s interesting how the only five-star reviews is posted by the Rich on calls. All the other actual reviews are all one stars.  It seems like a really shady operation. I asked to see their financials numerous times as well and they would not email them to me. The salesman there are apparently not licensed but they for sure are salesman.
REPLY



Rating

   
Rich Uncles says:
            
           
            
            			January 24th, 2017 at 8:57 pm  
Over the last few months, someone has built fake profiles giving the impression they are actual investors. They have been posting ridiculous and inaccurate reviews and questions on this site that are going unmoderated by the administrator.
While we have engaged in the past, Rich Uncles will no longer respond to the specific claims being made.  If any of these “complaints” were legitimate we would gladly handle immediately through channels below and if we did not satisfy you as an investor you certainly have the right to register a complaint with the BBB.
Answers to the most common questions about Rich Uncles and our National NNN REIT can be found in our Investors Presentation and Open House video replay: https://www.richuncles.com/livestream
If you have specific questions or concerns, please reach out to our Investor Relations team by calling (855) Rich-Uncles or visiting https://www.richuncles.com/contact-us%5B_extra_org%5D5%5B/_extra_org%5D
REPLYMr. Obvious says:February 14th, 2017 at 8:55 pmHow dare you even show your face here, you idiot!  I noticed you stopped advertising on the radio.  I hope you are arrested and you rot in prison, you son of a b!tch!




Rating

   
George X says:
            
           
            
            			January 21st, 2017 at 3:26 pm  
What a bunch of clowns! When I called they could not answer specific questions. I really wonder if they know what the heck they’re doing at all! I to ask about audited financials and they said they don’t send those out. Aren’t those public record?
REPLY



Rating

   
Melinda says:
            
           
            
            			January 18th, 2017 at 5:11 pm  
I asked and asked to see audited financials, I finely had a copy emailed to me and went over them, and it looks like the company is fraudulent. They are not paying out a dividend. They are paying return of capital. I can’t wait to see if there are comments on here when tax season starts.
REPLY



Rating

   
Shaun p says:
            
           
            
            			January 13th, 2017 at 7:40 pm  
Made a deposit and after a week I called to see what happened and it took almost a whole day for them to find it. Then iv asked to see the financials and after 8 months and asking 5 or 6 times I still haven’t had them sent to me. I know it’s only $10,000 but i’m not going to give them any more until I see what is actually going on in the company, and see if it’s actually a 7% dividend or just a return of capital. (Ponzi scheme)
REPLY



Rating

   
Old Timer says:
            
           
            
            			January 7th, 2017 at 8:46 pm  
Some things to share with you from my many decades of investing. 
* No serious firm tells their clients that they are savvy or smart for investing with them. Red flag that they’re marketing to fools.
* No serious firm has a campy name with the work “rich” in it.
* Making things work requires hard work. Not fully understanding how your dollars are working to create a return is deluded. 
* Do your homework. This means not relying on the internet to do your research. Call people, get third party opinions, and interview people in person. It’s the only way. The internet is easy… Easy to fool those looking for an easy shortcut.
Good luck!
REPLYHRC says:February 6th, 2017 at 7:10 pmWhy did you rate them 3 stars?  Was that a mistake?




Rating

   
Rich Uncles says:
            
           
            
            			January 6th, 2017 at 7:46 pm  
Over the last few months, someone has built fake profiles giving the impression they are actual investors or employees of “Rich Uncles”. They have been posting ridiculous responses to reviews and questions on this site that are going unmoderated by the administrator.
While we have engaged in the past, Rich Uncles will no longer respond to the comments being made. Post written as of September 2016 through today claiming to be “Rich Uncles” were not made by an employee or affiliate of Rich Uncles and should not be considered a statement from the company. If any of these “complaints” were legitimate we would gladly handle immediately through channels below and if we did not satisfy you as an investor you certainly have the right to register a complaint with the BBB.
Answers to the most common questions about Rich Uncles and our National NNN REIT can be found in our Investors Presentation and Open House video replay: https://www.richuncles.com/livestream
If you have specific questions or concerns, please reach out to our Investor Relations team by calling (855) Rich-Uncles or visiting https://www.richuncles.com/contact-us%5B_extra_org%5D5%5B/_extra_org%5D
REPLYCurious Cousin says:January 11th, 2017 at 11:45 pmYou sound like a broken record.
Curious Cousin says:January 11th, 2017 at 11:36 pmWhy do you keep responding, then?




Rating

   
Rich Uncles says:
            
           
            
            			January 4th, 2017 at 7:52 am  
If you are interested in learning more about our company, you can review our SEC-filed Prospectus:
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1645873/000114420416110667/v443339_424b3.htm
and our web site:
http://www.richuncles.com[_extra_org]5[/_extra_org%5D
REPLYMr. Obvious says:February 14th, 2017 at 8:56 pmEat Sh!T!




Rating

   
Harold Hofer says:
            
           
            
            			January 4th, 2017 at 7:51 am  
I am Rich Uncles’ CEO.
If you are interested in learning more about our company, you can review our SEC-filed Prospectus:
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1645873/000114420416110667/v443339_424b3.htm
and our web site:
http://www.richuncles.com
Harold
REPLYMr. Obvious says:February 14th, 2017 at 8:57 pmI will be happy to testify against you when you go to prison!  I hope you love ana! sex because you are going to get a lot of it where you are going!




Rating

   
Mark D says:
            
           
            
            			December 15th, 2016 at 5:46 pm  
I think the S EC should do something about them constantly posting five star comments on this blog. It should be illegal for them to constantly post reviews! If someone has access they should definitely report this to the S EC
REPLY



Rating

   
Rich Uncles says:
            
           
            
            			December 15th, 2016 at 12:47 pm  
Over the last few months, someone has built fake profiles giving the impression they are actual investors or employees of “Rich Uncles”. They have been posting ridiculous responses to reviews and questions on this site that are going unmoderated by the administrator. 
While we have engaged in the past, Rich Uncles will no longer respond to the comments being made. Post written as of September 2016 through today claiming to be “Rich Uncles” were not made by an employee or affiliate of Rich Uncles and should not be considered a statement from the company. If any of these “complaints” were legitimate we would gladly handle immediately through channels below and if we did not satisfy you as an investor you certainly have the right to register a complaint with the BBB. 
Answers to the most common questions about Rich Uncles and our National NNN REIT can be found in our Investors Presentation and Open House video replay: https://www.richuncles.com/livestream
If you have specific questions or concerns, please reach out to our Investor Relations team by calling (855) Rich-Uncles or visiting https://www.richuncles.com/contact-us%5B_extra_org%5D5%5B/_extra_org%5D
REPLY



Rating

   
Unhappy nephew says:
            
           
            
            			December 10th, 2016 at 5:20 am  
After over a year of being an investor at the $40,000 level, I went over the investment with my financial advisor. He pointed out that what they are “distributing” is a “return of capital” he also pointed out that they are under investigation by the SEC for false claims. Run as fast as you can from these guys! This is a Ponzi scheme! And on aside not I find it tacky that the rich uncles post 5star reviews. They seem to be the only one!
REPLYBarry-in-Encino says:December 26th, 2016 at 10:55 pmDo you have an actual link to information about this supposed SEC investigation? 
Another question. The Rich Uncles website says that “Our REITs are required to have audited financials”. Who audits the financials and how often? Does the SEC audit them? 
For what it’s worth, in an earlier post, “RichUncles” said “We have absolutely no salespeople or anybody who earns commissions whatsoever”. Notice that this statement is carefully crafted such that it’s not all encompassing.  With Google it took me 2 seconds to find an online review of Rich Uncles by a guy named Carlos Gomez who states “I’m not a paid employee of RU. I am, however, a consultant for which I am compensated in equity.”




Rating

   
Invest in Myself... says:
            
           
            
            			December 9th, 2016 at 11:53 pm  
Donald Trump respond to post all day ,and now he is the president of the United States…So, why be surprised that RU is responding to post….
REPLY



Rating

   
Rock says:
            
           
            
            			December 9th, 2016 at 7:01 pm  
They claim to own 25 properties,based on photos on their site most properties are small commercial in rural areas.
How the hell they are paying 7% return to 1100 members if its not a ponzi scheam?
REPLYPoor Uncles says:January 3rd, 2017 at 8:20 pmIt’s a ponzi scheme.




Rating

   
Rich Uncles says:
            
           
            
            			November 21st, 2016 at 6:56 pm  
Over the last few weeks, someone has built a fake “Rich Uncles” profile and has been posting ridiculous responses to reviews and question on this site that are going unmoderated. While we have engaged in the past, Rich Uncles will no longer respond to the comments being made. Post written as of September 2016 through today claiming to be “Rich Uncles” were not made by an employee or affiliate of Rich Uncles and should not be considered a statement from the company.
Answers to the most common questions about Rich Uncles and our National NNN REIT can be found in our Investors Presentation and Open House video replay: https://www.richuncles.com/livestream
If you have specific questions or concerns, please reach out to our Investor Relations team by calling (855) Rich-Uncles or visiting https://www.richuncles.com/contact-us%5B_extra_org%5D5%5B/_extra_org%5D
REPLYPoor Uncles says:December 5th, 2016 at 4:58 pmThen why did you respond?




Rating

   
Elwood P. Suggins says:
            
           
            
            			November 1st, 2016 at 5:51 pm  
My dearest friend Hillary Clinton and her late husband Billy turned me on to a great investment that beats the RU 7% claim.  Look up #VinceFosterDirtFarm for great opportunity
REPLY



Rating

   
mr tan says:
            
           
            
            			October 23rd, 2016 at 10:06 pm  
i had invested over $10k with RICH UNCLES since May or June 2016 and so far so good am receiving my 7.5% and 7% dividend on 2 separate account 
i hope this will be part of my retirement income later on i will be putting some extra money on a  monthly basis … good luck to me
REPLY



Rating

   
Nick says:
            
           
            
            			October 21st, 2016 at 8:11 pm  
Lord
1  Have listened to this spiel on “Armstrong & Getty” radio for the last year.  I really like them and (up until now) have more or less accepted that they have vetted the products they recommend.
They did state that they (after due diligence) have invested in this product and suggest we do the same.  I know that they are handsomely compensated for this promotion (as are other’s) but after due diligence and the reviews…  Not to mention RU’s offensive/defensive responses, I feel my trust has been compromised.
If you want a guaranteed investment just tell your friends and family, “I sold the cow for some magic beans”!
REPLYLindy says:November 14th, 2016 at 9:04 amAs you may recall the magic beans had a much better payoff than the cow would have…. golden goose, golden harp, hot giant wife – Jack’s mistake was not knowing when to get out. T
Nan O says:October 27th, 2016 at 11:50 amAre you sure those responses are from the legit RU?  Seems there is a fake profile out there.




Rating

   
Rich Uncles says:
            
           
            
            			October 20th, 2016 at 11:22 am  
Over the last few weeks, someone has built a fake “Rich Uncles” profile and has been posting ridiculous responses to reviews and question on this site that are going unmoderated.  While we have engaged in the past, Rich Uncles will no longer respond to the comments being made. Post written as of September 2016 through today claiming to be “Rich Uncles” were not made by an employee or affiliate of Rich Uncles and should not be considered a statement from the company.
Answers to the most common questions about Rich Uncles and our National NNN REIT can be found in our Investors Presentation and Open House video replay: https://www.richuncles.com/livestream
If you have specific questions or concerns, please reach out to our Investor Relations team by calling (855) Rich-Uncles or visiting https://www.richuncles.com/contact-us%5B_extra_org%5D5%5B/_extra_org%5D
REPLY



Rating

   
LeRoy says:
            
           
            
            			October 17th, 2016 at 12:49 pm  
Im so glad I read these I was about to attend one of there sims and possibly invest. One comment here told of reg investment firms like Vanguard having REITs I called my agent and the do at that, plus there return is at 11% that’s 4% above Rich Uncles Vanguard due however require a $3,000.00 to put down to start
REPLY



Rating

   
Mar says:
            
           
            
            			October 13th, 2016 at 2:31 pm  
Too many good etf’s do the same, cheap, great dividends and very liquid. I wouldn’t jump in here.
REPLY



Rating

   
Rich Uncles says:
            
           
            
            			October 7th, 2016 at 10:17 am  
Over the last few weeks, someone has built a fake “Rich Uncles” profile and has been posting ridiculous responses to reviews and question on this site that are going unmoderated.  While we have engaged in the past, Rich Uncles will no longer respond to the comments being made. Post written as of September 2016 through today claiming to be “Rich Uncles” were not made by an employee or affiliate of Rich Uncles and should not be considered a statement from the company.
Answers to the most common questions about Rich Uncles and our National NNN REIT can be found in our Investors Presentation and Open House video replay: https://www.richuncles.com/livestream
If you have specific questions or concerns, please reach out to our Investor Relations team by calling (855) Rich-Uncles or visiting https://www.richuncles.com/contact-us
REPLY



Rating

   
conner says:
            
           
            
            			October 6th, 2016 at 8:55 am  
look up Kenneth J Plein Sun City AZ.he ran the same scam for realestate investing and has since been arrested hundreds of investors loss all their money. at the time he offered a 9% return. my father lost all his retirement savings to this criminal
REPLY


Big Mike says:
            
           
            
            			October 6th, 2016 at 8:07 am  
This is a private REIT. If you purchase there is no market for eyour investment, you will need to sell it back to them and who knows how long that will take or what you will receive. There are hundreds of public REITS on Vanguard, Fidelity, Schwab and other brokerage houses from which you can choose. Those are public so there is some regulation and oversight as well as protection. Also, public REITS are required to distribute 90% of all income back to the investors. Rich Uncles has the look, feel and smell of a Ponzi scheme. Why would you or anyone else invest your money with anyone who asks for it on the radio? Be careful and do all your due diligence. Ask for a copy of the 3rd party audited financials. Read the prospects. Especially the part about their fees!
REPLY



Rating

   
Rich Uncles says:
            
           
            
            			October 5th, 2016 at 4:07 pm  
These guys are the real deal and legit
REPLY



Rating

   
Greed says:
            
           
            
            			October 3rd, 2016 at 9:54 am  
Soon you will see them on American Greed
REPLYJenna says:October 13th, 2016 at 11:09 amThat’s exactly what I was thinking. I listen to the Adam and Dr. Drew podcast every day and they recently started advertising for Rich uncles. I don’t know if I’ve seen one too many episodes of American Greed and it’s made me overly skeptical of this type of thing but just the name “Rich Uncles” sounds weird and they’ve recently raised the rate of return from 6.5% to over 7%. Bells starting going off when I heard that which is why I started digging…




Rating

   
Drew1974 says:
            
           
            
            			October 2nd, 2016 at 3:50 pm  
I can’t believe the way RU is responding to these posts…
REPLYRich Uncles says:October 5th, 2016 at 10:15 pmYou’re a typical unsophisticated investor, the type we would like a avoid at Rich Uncles REIT.  Take your pennies and please investment them elsewhere.  We are only looking for smart, savvy investors who understand terms like “Return of Capital” and “Ponzi Scheme”, not dummies like you.
You should know that people who use fast-talking announcers, disclaimers, etc. who flood the AM airwaves are a legitimate, class act and you should not worry about your money with them.
You should also know that the fact that institutions have not snapped this REIT up just shows how stupid they are.
This is easy money, folks.  GUARANTEED!  You have nothing to lose.
For smart, savvy investors only.
Harold Hofer says:October 5th, 2016 at 4:17 pmI am Rich Uncles’ CEO. Just to the extent that it is not otherwise obvious, whomever is posting on this site as “Rich Uncles” is not affiliated with our company.
If you are interested in learning more about our company, you can review our SEC-filed Prospectus:
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1645873/000114420416110667/v443339_424b3.htm
and our web site:
http://www.richuncles.com
Harold
Lee says:October 5th, 2016 at 12:46 pmYou ranked them 1 because you don’t like their responses to the posts?  Sounds pretty lame. Have you ever used them?




Rating

   
SD Cop says:
            
           
            
            			October 2nd, 2016 at 11:13 am  
After reading these reviews I invested $500 then I went and did some research of my own and have found that sure enough it is not a dividend the reviews are correct it is a “return of capital ” which is legal but it’s very deceptive. This company is set up to make the founders money, not the shareholders. The return of capital will lower your bases which in turn will cost you money. Find a publicly traded REIT. Don’t invest with these crooks!
REPLYRich Uncles says:October 2nd, 2016 at 3:06 pmSounds like you’re not a very smart investor.  Sorry for your loss.




Rating

   
Denver says:
            
           
            
            			October 1st, 2016 at 5:48 pm  
Mark, go with something more secure. This company will be out of business at some point.
REPLY


Johnny Rocket says:
            
           
            
            			October 1st, 2016 at 11:19 am  
Stay away.  If their offering was a good deal, it would have been
snapped up by institutional investors.  And how can they “guarantee”
a 7% return in a 0.5% world?  And you need to think about why anyone
would risk their money buying real estate from a radio commercial or
website.  Also, it takes up to three months or longer to have your money returned if you decide to sell.  And they are NOT a public REIT
(regardless of what they tell you).  They are “public” to the extent
they are registered with the SEC so the public can view their offering,
but they DO NOT trade on the open market such as any legitimate
REIT would…XLRE and many others.  If you are a novice investor, I suggest you contact a Certified Financial Planner (CFP) who is also
a Fiduciary (which means they are in business to serve you and not
their best interests).  They can review this with you and I am certain they will tell you essentially what I have written.  You MUST complete
your due diligence before making any decision like this.
  Good luck.
REPLYDouglas J. Lewis, CFP says:October 26th, 2016 at 5:54 pmYou are correct.  The non-traded REITs are public but not traded on stock exchanges.  There are Private REITs also which are not traded on stock exchanges.  The fact that this one is public tells you the reporting to the SEC is required. As far as safety, the public REITs are safer than the private REITs. However, there is another risk in the traded, public REITs that the non-traded ones avoid.  This is the daily potential drop in the value of your investment. The value of your non-traded REIT is not subject to marketability. Also, do not confuse the income, your monthly distribution from your REIT with your return.  You should be interested in knowing how much is your monthly income going to be (although not guaranteed), how long your income period will be (how many years), and when will there be a liquidity event.  This liquidity event is the most crucial.  During the operational period  of your REIT you are receiving a percentage return ON your investment.  Then at liquidity, you will find out what percentage receive OF your investment. If you receive 100% return upon liquidity! this turned out to be a good investment.  There are some excellent non-traded REITs and some lousy ones.  The prospectus is the best way to understand the risks.  As a  Certified Financial Planner, I always begin my due diligence here.  Then I go a lot further utilizing other due diligence attorney firms to get their written evaluations.  So far, the biggest risk I see with this risk is the lack of any information on a liquidity event.  Other risks I have found are with regard to the sponsors.



mark says:
            
           
            
            			September 30th, 2016 at 10:43 pm  
Was planning to move some money here from a few bank accounts earning nothing based on their quoted 7% annual return. can this be accurate? 65 years old and can’t afford a mistake at this point.
can anyone make a suggestion on this. thanks
REPLYRich Uncles says:October 2nd, 2016 at 1:22 pmInvested in a high quality, dividend paying stock like GE (3.11% return).  They’ve been around for awhile and will only get stronger as the world goes away from fossil fuels.




Rating

   
Barack Obama says:
            
           
            
            			September 28th, 2016 at 4:41 pm  
People are falling for a typical Internet troll. Do you really think any investment company would respond to your reviews in this manner? I approve this message. I mean, I have to right? Being the President and all. Smh
REPLYcurious guy says:September 28th, 2016 at 7:18 pmI don’t know.  Considering how stupid some of the questions and comments on this review board are, maybe he’s just frustrated. I would be.



Sean says:
            
           
            
            			September 28th, 2016 at 1:23 am  
I have heard the advertising on kfi for quite some time now and have been interested since that time.  I can hear a lot of anger from  some of the people complaining.  My concern is that Rich US closer seems to be responding on a very emotional level, instead of sticking to the facts.  It frankly reminds me of the behavior of the Wolf of Wall Street.
While many of us are quite interested in the opportunity to invest, we still need to be reassured of your character and not be left feeling like we are watching a cat fight.
Please consider not adding fuel to the fire and strictly addressing each question/concerning as they arise.  We are all watching.
REPLYRich Uncles says:September 28th, 2016 at 10:04 amBlah blah blah blab, stopped reading.




Rating

   
Rich Uncles says:
            
           
            
            			September 27th, 2016 at 8:01 pm  
3 words for you:
“Google Ray Wirta”
That’s really all you need to know.
REPLYMustang Sally says:December 3rd, 2016 at 4:31 amI just discovered this string of responses after wanting to check out the company following a mention on the Carolla podcast. It is clearly a troll responding and yet the readers don’t get it? Shame on the Rich Uncles website moderator for not catching it sooner but man, it is hilarious. Imagine if a company responded to their customers questions like that. Whoever was doing it was genius. I think this investment sounds shady too by the by.
NotToday says:October 5th, 2016 at 1:31 pm“Astronaut Candidate” – So your founder really is a Space Cadet? :D
Paul says:October 1st, 2016 at 10:06 amWow, I was seriously considering making a substantial investment, but the amateur and insulting responses to these questions have me reconsidering my decision.
Knows better says:September 30th, 2016 at 4:43 pmRich Uncle says, “make seriously money with absolutely no risk.”  That’s your signal to run far, far away.
Rich Uncles says:September 28th, 2016 at 11:59 amHey “Expert”, I don’t give you advice on flipping burgers or making french fries, so don’t give me advice on how to run my business, OK??
Some of the incredibly ignorant questions being asked by newbies here or even worse, lies perpetuated by “experts”, makes me glad that they aren’t investing in our REIT.  We are looking for smart, intelligent people who want to make seriously money with absolutely no risk.
Rich Uncles says:September 28th, 2016 at 10:05 amHey expert, did you Google Ray Wirta?
1)  Experienced Real Estate Professional.
2)  Astronaut Candidate
3)  War Hero
What more do you need to know?
RE EXPERT says:September 28th, 2016 at 9:46 amIf you are actually involved with the company, you better stop channeling Donald Trump with your rude, ad hominem attacks on posters.
There are plenty of unsophisticated investors who actually should not invest in this product.  But for you to directly attack such individuals certainly puts the company in a bad light.
I doubt Smerconish or others who run your ads would appreciate the blowback these nasty comments should/could bring, despite their fees.
Mind your manners, as my grandma used to say.



Paul says:
            
           
            
            			September 27th, 2016 at 7:46 pm  
Have not invested yet and after your response to those concerned I will look elsewhere. Makes me doubt 1090 and their mouthpieces.
 Get professional.
REPLY



Rating

   
jim says:
            
           
            
            			September 27th, 2016 at 10:58 am  
your kidding me ! get out now before they all go to prison
REPLYUnbelievable says:September 27th, 2016 at 5:13 pm@rich uncles, your response is what will drive people to you or away from you. It was childish, condescending and unprofessional. Seeing that would drive me far far away. Why in the heck would you respond this way if you were legit?
Rich Uncles says:September 27th, 2016 at 2:47 pmDon’t you even know how to spell?  It should be “you’re” kidding me, not “your” kidding me.  Typical, unsophisticated investor.  Maybe your mommy told you to go buy some CDs or something.  Meanwhile, all the cool kids are making money HAND OVER FIST with us.




Rating

   
JD says:
            
           
            
            			September 26th, 2016 at 8:26 am  
I went to the open house meeting. What a load of crap! I’m putting in a cell for all my shares! It felt like a timeshare presentation. Mark my words these guys will go  I went to the open house meeting. What a load of crap! I’m putting in a cell for all my shares! It felt like a timeshare presentation. Mark my words these guys  Will be shut down for Friday! That Howard Mackler guy is such a clown!
REPLYRich Uncles says:September 26th, 2016 at 4:28 pmSounds like you are an unsophisticated investor and a liar.  We don’t need your money nor do we want the hassle of dealing with people like you.  You obviously can not see this investment for the goldmine that it is.  And I’ll point you to all of our cash flow statements that state unequivocally how we can and do maintain our dividends.



Mitch L. says:
            
           
            
            			September 25th, 2016 at 11:55 am  
Wow scary reviews. Thanks all for the heads up. I’m going elsewhere.
REPLYPudintane says:September 28th, 2016 at 8:42 amThanks Mitch.
Anyone who answers posts like these tards at RU are should not be trusted.
Rich Uncles says:September 27th, 2016 at 2:50 pmGo buy some 1% T-Bills or something.  Just wait until Obama and Hillary tank the economy and see what your T-Bills are worth.  Meanwhile, we continue to generate positive cash flow (just look at our statements) and our REIT members make consistent dividends.  We don’t need your pennies.  Plenty of big, smart money investing with us.




Rating

   
HCase says:
            
           
            
            			September 24th, 2016 at 11:42 pm  
I sold my shares and it took more than 3 months because they keep having accounting errors and computer glitches. I had to go over and over it with them to get my money. Also the so called dividends I received were a return of capital, which was paid to me not from profits but they gave me my own money back. Stay away from these crooks!
REPLYRich Uncles says:September 26th, 2016 at 4:37 pmAgain, another unsophisticated investor.  All investments have a “settlement period” from the time you want to sell until you actually realize the proceeds.  That’s investment 101.  Perhaps you should stick to flipping burgers or whatever is it that you do and leave the real profits to the smarts adults.  And they are making REAL PROFITS here.




Rating

   
Not A Chance says:
            
           
            
            			September 23rd, 2016 at 9:56 am  
I hold the XLF (Financial SPDR Fund) and they recently spun off
the real estate portion to the XLRE Exchange Traded Fund.  I sold the
XLRE because I think real estate has seen its best days this cycle.  My
point is that I received XLRE yesterday, sold it today with a charge
pf $7.95 and will receive all my funds by Tuesday of next week.  There
are several posters below who state it takes up to three months to
receive funds from Rich Uncles when you decide to sell.  Why would
anyone invest here when you can do so in a publically traded REIT
and do it on line in a millisecond?  And I knew exactly what my sale
price was at the instant I sold the fund shares.  That is something
you cannot find out at RU regardless of how often you ask nor will
they inform you of the value of your RU shares while you own them.
And remember, as a private REIT, Rich Uncles is not under the same
rules and regulations as a public REIT which means you have no protections, no governmental over site or review to ensure they
act as a fiduciary and in your best interest. Stay away from this
operation and only invest in a public REIT.  Otherwise, you are risking
you money.  Be careful.
REPLYWhat the what says:September 23rd, 2016 at 7:01 pmThey are a public REIT. Look them up on the SEC’s website.




Rating

   
BFrank says:
            
           
            
            			September 22nd, 2016 at 8:52 pm  
I just came to this “Open House” and i’m appalled by their extravagance! Multi-million dollar offices paid for with my money? And this whole meeting was just a bunch of garbage! They are such liers! I’m going to sell and take my money elsewhere!  I also asked to see the so called Audited Financials numerous times and still have never seen them.
REPLYRich Uncles says:September 26th, 2016 at 4:39 pmDo you think we should be housed in a trailer complex?  Maybe that’s good enough for you and your “kin”, but this is a legitimate operation and we require the kind of office space befitting and operation like that.  Asking our employees to work in a substandard office would not allow them to do the quality type of work that’s required for us to generate the HUGE DIVIDENDS that we current offer our smart investors.




Rating

   
David says:
            
           
            
            			September 22nd, 2016 at 3:46 pm  
I invested with Lou Pearlman who created backstreet boys and Nsync. These were 2 top bands.  I lost my total investment with Lou Pearlman when the FBI arrested him for running a ponsize scheme.  This does not sound any different.  you take money in, get more investors then pay the old investors their dividends from money received from new investors.  no thank you, I would not join your company
REPLY



Rating

   
Patrick says:
            
           
            
            			September 22nd, 2016 at 1:52 pm  
If the president of what is allegedly a multimillionaire dollar company posting on a forum to defend himself, that’s an automatic u-turn to drive away real fast.  I heard about this from a friend, but I’ll take a HARD PASS.
REPLYPudintane says:September 28th, 2016 at 8:45 amAgreed.
Ron says:September 22nd, 2016 at 4:06 pmI concur; KNX and KOGO radio both have spots to call Rich Uncle and get involved.  Even Sean Hannity speaks on their behalf…
I called their number only to find and ansewereing service wanting my number to have someone call me back.
I have personally invested over $400,000 in two RHIT’s through a local broker (Tier and Inland) and lost my ass!  You can’t redeem, they are down by 60%, have split into many different companies in an effort to further delute the investment as well as cutting the dividend continually.
“Buyer Beware”




Rating

   
Pip says:
            
           
            
            			September 22nd, 2016 at 11:02 am  
I can’t believe the amount of advertising they do! Then today they send me an email and 2 different people call me and tell me that they are raising the dividends amount? I’ve asked to see financials many times and they say they will send them but they never do. I’m starting to get fed up with them and all the hype without anything to back it up! I’m going to an open house tonight that they are throwing. We will see, but so far i’m not happy!
REPLYRich Uncles says:September 26th, 2016 at 4:41 pmThe advertising costs pennies (less than $2,000 per ad) and we pass the savings on to you, the smart, savvy investor.




Rating

   
Lathem says:
            
           
            
            			September 19th, 2016 at 1:49 pm  
I’ve done plenty of due diligence and this company is not making money. I have looked at their financial report from 2015 and they were definitely in the red. They are not paying dividends! They are returning people’s capital making it look like dividends. I’ve asked to be put on their “Do Not Call List” but they continue to call. I’ve asked to be opted out of their Emails but I still get them.
REPLYLee says:October 5th, 2016 at 12:51 pmYou ought to register on the “do not call” registry, then report them if they keep calling you after you tell them not to.
Andy says:September 21st, 2016 at 2:23 pmThank you for your post. With all the reviews on here, I decided to pass.




Rating

   
Jinks says:
            
           
            
            			September 15th, 2016 at 8:51 am  
I heard it on the radio over and over so called the number and spoke the one of their sales guys. Then I decided to do some due diligence. I came across this website and read the reviews then decided to call them back and ask to see the financials. After asking 3 times over a 2 week period I was finally told they don’t give those out. If they are so proud of their returns why can’t they be transparent? I do know of Ray Werta and supposedly he is a stand-up guy but he isn’t the one running the day to day operations. It is this Bozo Howard Makler. I’ve met him a few times and the guy is a joke. So all and all after all my research and after going through the prospectus and seeing all the ridiculous fees, and just seeing the games they play, iv decided HECK NO!
REPLYRich Uncles says:September 28th, 2016 at 1:17 pmSo you haven’t even invested in the REIT and you are giving it one star?  You’re a LIAR is what you are!  How can you honestly review a product that you have never even tried.  You have no actual experience in making the kind of money that everyone else does and you have the NERVE to rate us at ONE STAR?  I demand that you remove this one star review.




Rating

   
Smart Guy says:
            
           
            
            			September 14th, 2016 at 11:42 pm  
Sorry, any investment opportunity advertised on LA radio stations cannot be legitimate. It makes no sense. If it was a good investment, private equity would have gobbled it up. All of it. KNX and its huskter reporters ought to be ashamed of themselves. But thery’re not. Enough of the self aggrandizing. When the slightest pull back occurs, and it always does, that will be the end of Rich Uncles.
REPLYRich Uncles says:October 3rd, 2016 at 2:37 pmExactly the kind of attitude I would expect from a poor peasant such as yourself.



D Adams says:
            
           
            
            			September 10th, 2016 at 1:26 pm  
Can’t rate as I am doing my DD. Here are some questions, thoughts and my $02:
1) You should disclose the cap rates you are buying the properties at?
2) You should disclose the loan terms of each property leveraged?
3) If properties are purchased with all cash then financed, how do we (investors) follow the loan disbursements? Should be rolled back into the fund and reinvested. Am sure this is happening but transparency is critical for new/less-known/non-public entities.
4) You should disclose to investors on-going cash flow analyses on each property held.
5) I see more petro, secondary market locations and non-credit tenants in the track-record portfolio than I am initially comfortable with. Seems like more DD on your purchase advisors’ part could produce less risk as quality NNN properties are out there…you just have to work harder to find them. Understand the need to get money out and working but at what cost risk-wise?
6) I do not like the radio ads on POTUS (M Smerconish’s morning show is only one I have heard) as it diminishes, in my mind, the brand. It sounds too much like used car dealership quality….”meet my dog Spot.” Especially the unbelievably fast disclosures at the end of the commercial (I get the need to capitalize on time purchased but it enhances suspicions in my mind of RUs creditability).
7) Finally…I have been involved in RE finance & banking in the OC for over 30-years and can assure you that Ray Wirta has a stellar reputation in the industry, is legitimate force and is one of the primary reasons, besides the projected return, I am looking into this. His background adds significant street cred to the entity. FYI – I do not know or have I met anyone in the company nor am I paid supporter of RU REIT.
REPLY



Rating

   
Hambone says:
            
           
            
            			September 8th, 2016 at 11:56 am  
You are far better off just putting your money in VTSAX or similar fund than a non-traded, high risk, illiquid REIT like rich uncles. Buyer beware.
REPLYRich Uncles says:September 26th, 2016 at 4:53 pmBeware of posters touting their own investment scams on review pages.




Rating

   
Penn says:
            
           
            
            			August 29th, 2016 at 3:00 pm  
Omg! Have you looked into this company? Stay away! Read the prospectus!!! Look at the 2015 financials! Then run!
REPLYRE EXPERT says:September 28th, 2016 at 9:31 amWhich explains the investment pretty clearly.  It is what it is.  If you prefer bank CDs, fine.  If you prefer public mutual funds or REIT funds, fine.  If you prefer a buy/write strategy using options, fine.  If you prefer gold coins, fine.
I see many comments here from people who really do not understand investments in general, and certainly not private, illiquid ones.
Investigate before you invest.  Be sure you understand the investment.  If you don’t, then don’t invest.
Harvard AB, Economics
Wharton MBA, Finance
Guest lecturer in real estate development
skeptic66 says:September 5th, 2016 at 12:56 pmYou are right.  The prospectus says:
“The offerings on the Rich Uncles website are non-traded real estate investment trusts, or REITs. A REIT is a corporation that owns income producing real estate. REITs pool the capital of numerous investors to purchase a portfolio of properties. Non-traded REITs do not trade on a national securities exchange and thus you should understand that any investment in our REIT is generally illiquid. Early redemption of your shares may be possible each month through a Rich Uncles program, but are subject to limitations and fees discussed in the offering documents, including the prospectus or offering circular. As these REITs are not publicly traded on any securities exchange, many factors affect the valuation of non-traded REITs, including the portfolio of real estate assets owned, strength of the balance sheet, overhead expenses and cost of capital. The payment of any dividends or distributions, and that profits will be obtained from your investment, are not guaranteed. Elements of the investments involve varying degrees of risk, including high risk. “




Rating

   
JON says:
            
           
            
            			August 29th, 2016 at 12:49 pm  
RUNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN!
REPLYDad with Child says:September 30th, 2016 at 12:47 amRUNNNNNNN……WHY????  elaborate PLEASE, I’m “on the fence” and these reviews ARE NOT making me feel ANYMORE secure about protecting my baby…!!!!




Rating

   
Rocket says:
            
           
            
            			August 26th, 2016 at 6:15 am  
Compensation of Directors
We will pay independent directors 500 shares of our common stock for attending each board and committee meeting.
I wonder how many board and committee meetings they have?  Do the math:)
Yikes
REPLY



Rating

   
Dan says:
            
           
            
            			August 25th, 2016 at 1:45 pm  
Didn’t David Lerner get fined by FINRA for running this scam.
REPLYRE EXPERT says:September 28th, 2016 at 9:21 amNOPE.




Rating

   
Jane G says:
            
           
            
            			August 21st, 2016 at 6:24 pm  
I’ve done some research and talked to their representatives and there are some things that don’t add up. I was told Ray Werta was the “chairman of the board ” for the CBRE group. He is not! That was a lie! I was also told he was the CEO of the Irvine company. That was a lie! I’ve never seen the president of a company post reviews over and over on review sites, and argue with people! Very Un-professional! Then he denied that they didn’t pay people to make reviews, but the representatives told me they no longer do that. To many lies! I will take my money elsewhere, so should you.
REPLYRE EXPERT says:September 28th, 2016 at 9:19 amJAne –  How can HE be acting rudely if YOU are the one posting lies?
James M says:September 13th, 2016 at 1:46 amJane G – evidently, you’re the one caught in the lie –
       – Don’t make any accusations if you can’t back them up –
       – It appears to me that Mr Wirta is exactly who he says he is –
       – I think you owe him an apology -
Jane G says:August 25th, 2016 at 9:29 amHow rude and unprofessional of you to call me a liar. They are not lies that is exactly what was to me by your sales people or representatives or whatever they are.  You need to grow up and spend more time running your company properly  and less time on the Internet arguing with people!
Rich Uncles says:August 23rd, 2016 at 2:28 pmThe statements above are false.  Fortunately, a quick review of the internet can provide all the evidence needed.  
http://ir.cbre.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=176560&p=irol-govBioCorpGov&ID=115623
Ray Wirta
Chairman of the Board
Director Since August 1997
Chairman of the Board Chairman of the Board
Mr. Wirta has been the Independent Chair of our Board since May 2014 and was previously the Vice Chair of our Board from November 2013 to May 2014. He has served as the President of the Investment Properties Group at the Irvine Company since June 2010 and as Chief Executive Officer of The Koll Company since November 2009. Mr. Wirta served as our Chief Executive Officer from September 2001 to June 2005, and Chief Executive Officer of our predecessor company, CBRE Services, Inc., from May 1999 to September 2001. He also served as Chief Operating Officer of that predecessor company from May 1998 to May 1999. Mr. Wirta served as a director and Non-Executive Chairman of Realty Finance Corporation, where he was the Chairman from May 2005 through August 2009. He also served as Interim Chief Executive Officer and President of that company from April 2007 to September 2007. 
https://tic-irvinecompany-stage.sitewire.net/ray-wirta
Ray Wirta is President of the Irvine Company’s Investment Properties Group (“IPG”).  In this role, he serves on the Company’s Office of the Chairman management committee that also includes Chairman Donald Bren and ICCD President Dan Young.
As IPG President, Mr. Wirta guides all aspects of the company’s office, retail and resort properties in Orange County, Los Angeles, San Diego, Silicon Valley and Chicago, including development, marketing and management.
IPG’s high-quality portfolio includes 500 office properties, 41 retail centers, five yacht marinas, three golf courses and three hotels, including the world-class Resort at Pelican Hill® in Newport Coast®.
In addition, Mr. Wirta oversees Irvine Company’s corporate functional groups: Corporate Communications, Legal & Risk Management, Financial Services, Corporate Marketing, Information Technology and Human Resources.
Mr. Wirta is a respected real estate executive.  From 1997 to 2005, he served as Chief Executive Officer of CB Richard Ellis and continues to serve as Vice Chairman and Director for the firm.  He served as President of The Koll Company from 1981 to 1997; as Senior Vice President of World Savings from 1979 to 1981; and as President of Continental Service Company (a Bank of America subsidiary) from 1973 to 1979.
Mr. Wirta received a bachelor’s degree in Economics from Long Beach State College and an MBA in International Management from Golden Gate University.



Never Never Never says:
            
           
            
            			August 20th, 2016 at 6:58 pm  
For anyone thinking to invest here, you must complete your due
diligence first.  Read all the negative reviews and then ask yourself, if this is such a great deal, why are the negatives so numerous?  The
answer is that this is not a low risk enterprise, there are no legal
protections for you, there is no governmental oversight or review to ensure adherence to industry and fiduciary standards.  In addition, as
one commenter stated, it took three months to sell his investment and
receive the funds.  If you invest, do so with a PUBLIC REIT (which RU
is NOT despite the owners comments).  You can buy a public REIT on
Monday, decide its not for you and sell on Tuesday and have the funds
in your account by Friday or early the following week.  Since RU is
a NON traded REIT, you must go through them to find a buyer and who
knows how long that could take.  And you do not know, at any given time, the value of your shares since this is a private business and
not subject to the same rules as a PULLIC REIT.  You must be certain
you fully understand exactly what the risks are and decide if they justify lending them your money.  And remember, a PUBLIC REIT is traded in the public stock market just like any other stock and RU IS NOT TRADED.  That alone is a giant red flag that something is very wrong here. Caveat Emptor.
REPLYUChgo MBA, Yale JD says:August 26th, 2016 at 11:47 amNever Never is correct.  The reason real estate is such a good investment is because of a very large non-cash deduction — depreciation — that serves to reduce the TAXABLE income from the rents.  In other words, real estate has two types of income (broadly speaking): taxable income — the rents and similar cash flows in excess of deductions — and nontaxable cashflow — from depreciation.
The investors are only paid out of the taxable income which may be a quite small portion of total cashflow.  The promoters keep the rest!!
Potentially (depending on how much cash the offering receives) the promoters may buy real estate for 100% cash (all from the investors) but receive nearly all of the cashflow.
Another twist on that approach would be for the promoters to take a mortgage on the already purchased real estate and pay those cash proceeds to themselves.  None would be required to be paid to the investors because mortgage proceeds are not taxable income.
As Never Never points out owning a NON-public REIT is kind of like owning a timeshare at a resort.  You might not be able to sell it.




Rating

   
Stay away says:
            
           
            
            			August 20th, 2016 at 2:51 pm  
The president says there are no sales people but the “costumer service people” call over and over asking you to invest! I also think it is in bad taste that any employee especially the president would be posting reviews.
REPLYRich Uncles says:September 26th, 2016 at 5:04 pmThese calls are made for your benefit.  Perhaps you’ve forgotten to up your investment and miss out of the HUGE DIVIDENDS we are currently paying?  What if you missed out on that?  You would kick yourself later.  The more you invest, the more YOU WILL MAKE.  It’s that simple.  We would be remiss if we did not remind you of this.




Rating

   
Skeptical! says:
            
           
            
            			August 20th, 2016 at 12:55 pm  
If it sounds to good to be true…..run away!!!!
When I look at the prospectus I expect to see a wealth of financial data. Looking at R.U.’s that data is scarce and it is bloated with cautions and warnings! The main thing of course is that there are no protections for the investor. No thanks!
REPLY



Rating

   
Look says:
            
           
            
            			August 20th, 2016 at 11:53 am  
The research is easy! Ask for a copy of the audited financials that they submit to the department of business oversight and you will see that RichUncles is not profitable! Also look at all the prospectus and all fee’s they charge. If you do you will run the other way! Also they were paying 1 free share for s positive review on their website.
REPLY


Rich Uncles says:
            
           
            
            			August 18th, 2016 at 7:02 pm  
Real People, Real Investors
Greg Hurst
Human Resource Manager
    “Very easy to get started. I received a phone call to ensure that my experience was positive.”
Robert Probert
Pastor
    “I really like the idea that my bank is now paying me more to invest than it is to save.”
Justin Gutierrez
Inside Sales Representative
    “I love the idea of being a commerical real estate investor with so little up front capital. I’m here looking for new ways to invest, and meet others looking to do the same!”
David Feinleib
Managing Director
    “Easy to use web site, great customer service.”
REPLYScam says:August 25th, 2016 at 10:04 amYour posts read like the typical scam designed to dupe gullible people into “investing” their life savings only to later be told, “sorry, it’s a risk”.




Rating

   
Bernie Sanders Junior says:
            
           
            
            			August 18th, 2016 at 5:24 pm  
“Aunts in Your Pants” has been a FAR more profitable and enjoyable “game”, than ANY “Uncles in Your Pockets” could be… Just sayin’…
REPLY



Rating

   
Terry says:
            
           
            
            			August 18th, 2016 at 12:47 pm  
If you are looking into investing into REITs there are some very large companies traded on the US Stock Exchanges that pay large dividends on a regular basis. I own several myself – AGNC, CYS, RSO, WMC but this is more risky and my RSO has under performed the general REIT market.
A good alternative is an ETF that includes REITs like – FTY, REM, MORT & KBWD which also pay good dividends on a regular basis.
REPLYRich Uncles says:August 18th, 2016 at 6:49 pmIf you research any (all) listed REITs over a 12-month period you will find volatility of 25% (up or down, depending on the year). During that same period if you research the REITs income (called FFO – funds from operation) it is likely stable. So why the volatility? Because publicly traded REITs behaves like stocks which defeats the purpose of diversifying into an investment that acts characteristically different. Rich Uncles REIT, alternatively, re-values shares once a year based on Net Asset Value which is essentially an appraised value of the real estate holdings. Cash dividends are paid monthly along with liquidity allowing people to sell back to company at share price. Some limitations apply – but overall – we believe it’s a better mouse trap for investors.
Who is behind this? Google him for yourself: Ray Wirta
His goal is deliver a better investment opportunity for the masse




Rating

   
Joe says:
            
           
            
            			August 17th, 2016 at 7:48 am  
As an investor I’ve had many problems. First of all they call me and bug me to add more money to my account way to much, after I’ve sent an investment they have misplaced it and I’ve had to make numerous calls to have them find my check, then when I did an ACH they didn’t see it on my account and they had to “Sync” my account befor it was credited. I’m really almost to my breaking point. They have way to many accounting glitches, and their sales people are way to aggressive. Also when I looked at my 1099 from last year there was no income, and yes all divideds have been return of capital.
REPLYRich Uncles says:August 18th, 2016 at 6:52 pmJoe:  We did upgrade our accounting system and did indeed experience some issues with ‘syncing’ the data as you stated.  We also devoted necessary resources to insure that all accounts were properly adjusted and all errors promptly corrected.  We have absolutely no salespeople or anybody who earns commissions whatsoever.  Our Investor Relations staff have no incentive for you to invest, or not.  Regarding “return of capital” relative to your 1099 – that is a tax statement – and does not suggest your dividend was paid with proceeds other than rental income or profit from sale of real properties.




Rating

   
Mike says:
            
           
            
            			August 16th, 2016 at 12:11 am  
Why would you risk your money on an unproven company that is not publicly traded? And the president of the company is arguing about people’s opinions on reviews. It’s ludicrous! It’s only 6.5% people! Read the prospectus. They charge fees for everything! The hidden fee will kill you! Read the prospectus!
REPLYBrad says:August 21st, 2016 at 8:14 am*There* not Their
Rich Uncles says:August 18th, 2016 at 6:54 pmUnproven?  We have been around for for years now.  Their are no hidden fees as everything is outlined in the prospectus.  The fees we charge for asset management and acquisition are frankly not a profit center, but rather a reimbursement for actual staff costs and business operation.  Google Ray Wirta.  Having the opportunity to invest alongside him is anything but ludicrous.  Do your research!




Rating

   
Ben says:
            
           
            
            			August 15th, 2016 at 3:02 am  
They seem to be doing a lot of advertising. That is not cheap. When you call it all seems like a sales pitch to me, and it’s to much risk for 6.5% interest. They are such a small fund there is no way that the company is profitable yet, and they have been in business over 4 years? Also I think it is in bad tast that the president of the company is posting numerous reviews.
REPLYRich Uncles says:August 18th, 2016 at 6:56 pmOur expense reimbursement is strictly limited to 3% (one time).  Any other losses are borne by the LLC owners, not the REIT investors.  The President is taking the time to respond as this site is mostly comprised of non-investors passing dishonest information.  It is appropriate to point out we have 0 registered complaints with the BBB and have hundreds of satisfied investors all of which can be confirmed here:  http://richuncles.com/stories%5B_extra_org%5D%5B/_extra_org%5D




Rating

   
Jake says:
            
           
            
            			August 12th, 2016 at 1:15 pm  
I recently had one of my clients ask me my opinion on this investment. When I looked at the 1099 my client paid no taxes because there was no income. When I look at the dividend it is not a dividend is a return of capital.  I further looked at the financials and the financials look like they are losing money. Then I just decided to do simple math. I called a friend at Clear Channel worldwide and they said that  before they went to national they were spending about $300,000 per month on advertising that’s about 3 1/2 million dollars per year. Then you add that they have about 35 employees that’s probably a cost of $3 million including insurance, bonuses, Time off and special events. Then from what I understand they have some pretty fancy offices. When I look at the location and the square footage of the two offices that they have there probably spending about another million dollars a year minimum on offices. These are probably all lowballing the costs are probably much more than this but when I add that all up plus the fact that they’re saying theyre  giving a 6 1/2% dividend but they have about $85 million under management,  that they have raised over a four-year period I don’t see sustainability of this company.  I don’t think that we can really call this a Ponzi scheme but it seems like to me there is a mismanagement of money. Perhaps when they reach about a $200 million mark or even a $300 million mark  of properties under management  they will be profitable,  but at this point I do not think it’s a very good investment.
REPLYRich Uncles says:August 18th, 2016 at 7:00 pmThe REITs themselves have always been profitable enough to cover all dividend payments from rental income received and profit from real property sales.  Never have we paid a dividend from return of capital.  Keep in mind we are real estate experts… if you knew the terms of our office space lease you would be impressed.  Offices were built for very little money and our entire operation is very frugal.  Advertising costs are not the responsibility of REIT property owners as they are protected by a 3% cap on all expense contributions. 
Instead of paying a 10% commission we charge 0%.  Instead of paying a 5% Expense Contribution we charge 3%.  Very fair indeed.




Rating

   
Joe says:
            
           
            
            			August 12th, 2016 at 1:09 pm  
Full Disclosure: I have not yet invested, but am currently researching this as a way to diversify my investments in 401(K), Roth IRA, stock brokerage account, 529 plan and home equity.
The research I have done (I am a Finance professional with a degree in Finance and an MBA) is all positive thus far. This is a legit opportunity with the same risks as any other investment…what you need to determine is whether or not the risk is worth the potential return of ~6.5%. 
I must say that the negative reviews on this site seem to be coming from uneducated people who blindly invested or know little about REITs and/or public exchanges. This REIT is subject to SEC regulation, but is done so under relatively new laws pertaining to crowd-funding. In other words, the SEC wanted individuals to be able to invest in opportunities without having to go through institutional investors or brokerage firms. This is a good thing for the individual. It DOESN’T make it a ponzi scheme. The SEC is in fact regulating this REIT, which doesn’t eliminate risk, but does ensure it is NOT a “scam”.
To the point about risk, your risk here is that the economy tanks or the commercial real estate market crashes (unlikely, but more realistic given recent history). The value of the properties in the REIT would decline, your share value would decline, and the company may not be able to repurchase your shares if you wanted to “cash out”. You have these same exact risks when investing in the stock market. If you put $500 in a DOW Jones index fund in 2007 and wanted to cash out in 2009, you would only get back 33% of what you put in, and you wouldn’t have received a dividend. If you bought Citigroup stock in 2007 @ $55, it was worth less than a dollar in 2009. Stock prices (even for safe companies) go up and down based on nothing but market speculation. At least the value of this REIT is tied to real property. The only added risk of this REIT is that the market for share repurchase is completely with the fund. They don’t have to buy back your shares, but if they don’t, their fund would fail. 
Last comment: anyone who would blindly dump $80K (or any amount) into anything without testing it first is not worthy of providing their opinion. Start with $500, see how it returns, then build it up slowly if you are happy. Get rich quick doesn’t align with safe investment.
REPLYMrMatterOfFact says:August 30th, 2016 at 9:12 pmIf you have to say “this isn’t a get rich quick scheme”, it’s a get rich quick scheme.
Rich Uncles says:August 18th, 2016 at 7:07 pmWe love sophisticated investors.  Google Ray Wirta – this is your new real estate partner.  This isn’t a get rich quick scheme, but is a prudent way to own a portfolio of income producing real estate, with a 50% debt, with creditworthy tenants who pay all property related expenses.




Rating

   
Don says:
            
           
            
            			August 10th, 2016 at 3:05 am  
Why not just buy a REIT on the stock market, which is regulated by the SEC and is totally liquid ?
REPLYBill Tea says:December 17th, 2016 at 1:18 amLet’s  be sure we’re distinguishing between equity REITS and mortgauge REITS.   Big difference and yes big volatility based on many factors, especially projected interest rates (for mREITS).  
For that volatility, you are richly rewarded with yield (again, mREITS) of 8-9%, and if you have a long time window as you should with RU, you’ll probably be OK.  Based on that, I’m unsure as to what advantage this give, except that its equity based and is much more than the typical Equity REIT yield of 3-4%.
Rich Uncles says:August 10th, 2016 at 11:00 amGood question.  We are also regulated by the SEC but have elected not to be traded on a stock exchange – for good reason.  
If you research any (all) listed REITs over a 12-month period you will find volatility of 25% (up or down, depending on the year).  During that same period if you research the REITs income (called FFO – funds from operation) it is likely stable.  So why the volatility?  Because publicly traded REITs behaves like stocks which defeats the purpose of diversifying into an investment that acts characteristically different.  Rich Uncles REIT, alternatively, re-values shares once a year based on Net Asset Value which is essentially an appraised value of the real estate holdings.  Cash dividends are paid monthly along with liquidity allowing people to sell back to company at share price.  Some limitations apply – but overall – we believe it’s a better mouse trap for investors.
Who is behind this?  Google him for yourself:  Ray Wirta
His goal is deliver a better investment opportunity for the masses.



Butch Spanko says:
            
           
            
            			August 10th, 2016 at 1:29 am  
Rich Uncles says:
August 3rd, 2016 at 10:30 am
All dividends have been corrected. It was a minor accounting issue associated with a major system upgrade. 
Rich Uncles says:
July 28th, 2016 at 3:45 pm
Rest assured all accounting will be promptly rectified. We did switch systems and apologize if any error did occur.
REPLYRich Uncles says:August 10th, 2016 at 11:01 amThank you, Butch.  We take Investor Relations very seriously and seek to build long term relationships based on transparency and honesty.



Rich Uncles says:
            
           
            
            			August 9th, 2016 at 6:38 pm  
Johney Sidher
Analyst
    “I was hesitant at first, but once I inquired and all my questions were answered, I made the choice to invest. ”
Main Chang
Private Lending
    “By far, this is one of the safest investments that I’ve come across. I met both Harold and Howard prior to investing with Rich Uncles, mainly because I was skeptical and had a lot of questions. They answered all of my questions to my satisfaction and they were also very “down to earth” people. All I can say is that these guys real deal.”
Douglas Hanchar
Associate at Barnes Law LLP
    “As a Real Estate attorney, I have seen very few investment vehicles as well organized and thought out as Rich-Uncles. They have an ideal business model for private commercial REIT’s in this economy. The relatively low minimum investment requirement allows the average person to participate in a method of investing that would otherwise be restricted to high net worth ‘qualified investors’ under SEC regulations.”
REPLY


Rich Uncles says:
            
           
            
            			August 9th, 2016 at 6:34 pm  
It is absolutely amazing the degree of disinformation people post as if they are actually knowledgeable.  Research the person who started Rich Uncles… Ray Wirta.  Google him (https://www.google.com/search?q=ray+wirta&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8).  Do the homework and then ask yourself… would I want to invest alongside of him and his family.
REPLY



Rating

   
Robert Andrew says:
            
           
            
            			August 9th, 2016 at 3:50 pm  
I will not get into specifics. If you are like me and want to see some good return pretty fast 6 months or so. DONT DO IT! It will take long to get your money back and the return will be minimal. VERY MINIMAL. Honestly a waste!
REPLYRich Uncles says:August 9th, 2016 at 6:27 pmThe return would be 6.5% annually, and you can re-invest your monthly dividend in order to compound your ownership.  In addition, you own your share of the real estate portfolio that has an average increase of 2% annually in rental income.  This is why savvy investors seek RichUncles.com every day.




Rating

   
Unhappy nephew says:
            
           
            
            			August 8th, 2016 at 5:42 pm  
I will verify that I was asked to post a review and  I was given one share of stock last year. I also received many many many many calls to add more money to my account. I recently  look at my 1099 from last year and we paid no taxes on it. Then I looked at the financials and found out that it is correct the company is not making any money. All their costs related with the business that fancy office and all those employees are all charged to the reit. I think next quarter  I am going to pull out my money, because I no longer think it’s a safe investment.
REPLYJoe says:August 17th, 2016 at 7:52 amI will verify that I was also offered 1 share of stock which was equivalent to $10 to post a review
Rich Uncles says:August 9th, 2016 at 6:24 pmThis is not true.  Our expense reimbursement is expressly limited to 3%.  We own approximately $90,000,000 worth of real estate with less than 40% in debt.  These are the facts.




Rating

   
Rich Uncles says:
            
           
            
            			August 8th, 2016 at 1:41 pm  
Here are some genuine reviews from actual investors:
Larry VanderPloeg
Solar Energy Inc.
“Seemed too good to be true. Own real estate without the hassles? Thats why it took me about a year to actually start investing. That was a year of dividends not realized.”
Jorge Salazar
Police Officer
“I was really skeptical to invest money at first, but now I can’t wait to add more funds to my account! I really like the idea of investing in commercial real estate as a group since I wouldn’t be able to do this on my own. As soon as I heard the radio commercial on KFI, I knew this was something I would be very interested in, but felt I couldn’t just jump in. So a few weeks later and after some research I decided to invest! I’m glad I did!”
Blair Pettyjohn
Project Manger in the Broadcast Industry
“Rich Uncles has afforded me the opportunity to dip my feet into the real estate investment pool without heavy burden of actually having to manage the investment. I should see my first quarterly dividends quite soon – time to invest some more…”
Chirag Amin
Orthopedic Surgeon
“Hello fellow investors, my name is Chirag and I am an orthopedic surgeon in the Inland Empire. I consider myself a seasoned investor, holding everything from stocks, real estate, precious metals, and even have fractional ownership in various oil and natural gas wells. The challenge in investing for retirement has always been doing the research and due diligence, staying on top of one’s investment decisions by keeping track of performance, and keeping well-diversified. The great thing about this RichUncles investment is that you get a great investment return, a diversified portfolio of strong income-producing properties, as well as a highly experienced management team that makes smart decisions yet know how to keep expenses in check. I am so glad to be an investor with Uncle Howard, Uncle Harold, and Uncle Ray. Keep up the great work. God Bless.”
REPLYAnthony says:August 18th, 2016 at 7:52 amAny review that starts with “I can’t wait to give these guys more money!” is, in my experience, a paid or “suggested” review.
Butch Spanko says:August 10th, 2016 at 1:05 amGee Rich Uncle, what do you mean by real investors lol, really fake lololol! Why did they not post it, you did it bwaaaaa




Rating

   
Chris says:
            
           
            
            			August 8th, 2016 at 9:26 am  
Unless this REIT is traded on the NYSE or NASDAQ then it’s a non-traded REIT. It’s as simple as that.  And the owner can say what he wants, but
the truth is plain to see.   Avoid at all costs or you will likely lose
your money.  Remember, be more concerned about the return of your
investment rather than the return on your investment.  Caveat Emptor.
REPLYRich Uncles says:August 9th, 2016 at 6:31 pmSuggesting people will lose their money is disingenuous.  Over the last 18 months we have acquired $90,000,000 in real estate with under 40% debt.  We own real estate, leased to creditworhty tenants, with long term leases.  All of our financials are disclosed per the SEC.




Rating

   
Melba says:
            
           
            
            			August 8th, 2016 at 7:17 am  
Rich Uncles can deny it all they want but they did offer 1 share of stock for posting a review on there website, which is equivalent to $10, therefore they were paying for the reviews! My husband is an an investor and is so excited about all the possibilities but I am a CPA and have looked over the financials and it is true that Rich Uncles has never made a profit. The money they are paying out is “Return of Capital” not a divided. It definitely is a Ponzi scheme at least for now. The investor relations (sales person) that has our account has assured us that they hope to be profitable “soon!”
REPLYRich Uncles says:August 9th, 2016 at 6:28 pmThis is absolutely not true.  Rich Uncles has never paid back money as “return of capital”.  If you are a CPA please post your real identity.  We will gladly show you this is not the case.




Rating

   
Dan says:
            
           
            
            			August 7th, 2016 at 6:48 pm  
Interesting post both positive and negative …
It appears that there are a number of web businesses using the name “Rich Uncle” is various combinations and permutations.
Richuncle.com
Richuncles.com
My-Rich-Uncle.com
The BBB says Richuncle.com in Costa Mesa, Ca. is good. 100% no complaints … ( I’m not a fan of the BBB … )
So … all of these posting just go to demonstrate that it is TOTALLY upon the individual investor to know where exactly you are placing your money … and what are the terms of the investments.
It appears that the majority of complaints posted have been addressed … If you call the company and talk to someone … and don’t even get that persons name … you either have to much money … or have no business investing …
REPLYRich Uncles says:August 12th, 2016 at 10:02 amThank you, Dan.  
I am Howard Makler, President of RichUncles.com.  This is the only site that is offering a Registered Public Offering in the form of Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) with 3rd party audited financials (Ernst & Young is our auditor) and fully disclosed financials available on the SEC website.  We are not perfect and sometimes have/do make errors, all of which are addressed promptly and professionally.  
We have grown from a $25,000,000 portfolio to over $100,000,000 in real estate between our CA REIT (now sold out) and our recently launched national offering.  Debt is always limited to 50% or less.  We collect rent from creditworthy tenants who pay all property related expenses (taxes, insurance, maintenance) and distribute a cash dividend monthly.  It’s a fantastic formula for success.  
The owners take personally a strong desire to be know for delivering Integrity and Capability in delivering Real Estate Investing for Everyone via the consumer direct RichUncles.com website.




Rating

   
Considering says:
            
           
            
            			August 7th, 2016 at 11:56 am  
I am looking into richuncles, and I have to say I like that it isn’t on the exchange. As far as the renters go they seem by and large to be companies that seldom fail even when business is slow. I do find it a bit strange that a company whose portfolio speaks to its strength is defending itself in online reviews. Most people who do reviews online either have nothing to do with the company or have built a minor annoyance into a major catastrophe. Due diligence should not be built on online reviews.
REPLYRich Uncles says:August 8th, 2016 at 1:36 pmAs stated before Tell your account to review our Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. This shows a positive number that demonstrates how we can cover our dividend. Any real CPA will verify the accuracy of this.




Rating

   
Tony says:
            
           
            
            			August 6th, 2016 at 11:10 am  
many years ago Bernie Madoff started out like this not with REITS but similar Financial offerings to the public and advertised on the radio and in the internet. He was registered with the SEC and promise the moon in the world and after several years it turned into a Ponzi scheme. so apparently some of the Madoff family members work at Rich uncles because I have a feeling if it looks like a duck and sounds like a duck it must be a duck beware.
REPLYChris says:August 24th, 2016 at 11:31 pmThat should be “quack,” Tony. “Quacks like a duck.” And your punctuation is pretty bad.
Rich Uncles says:August 9th, 2016 at 6:30 pmYou can certainly be skeptical of everything and everybody… but meanwhile… Google the person behind this, Ray Wirta.  Do some homework for yourself.  His only reason for creating this company was to provide an honest mechanism for people to invest in commercial real estate.




Rating

   
BrettB says:
            
           
            
            			August 4th, 2016 at 12:54 pm  
One star because you can’t post with out a star. So big question, what happened to the other reviews? I posted on here about five months ago and all those reviews appear to be purged. Very odd and does anyone know who owns this site? As I said before greed will cloud your judgement and look up “Ponzi”.
REPLYRich Uncles says:August 4th, 2016 at 7:14 pmPonzi schemes are not public companies registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  
ttps://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar?action=getcompany&CIK=0001645873&owner=include&count=40&hidefilings=0
N says:August 4th, 2016 at 2:40 pmBecause of the new REIT “Howard” the president of Rich Uncles requested that the reviews be purged to give way for new reviews.




Rating

   
Frank says:
            
           
            
            			August 4th, 2016 at 10:00 am  
I have been an investor for almost a year. I had needed to sell some shares to I put in a share order. I was told yesterday that there was a glitch in the system and it wasn’t executed. In addition my divideds did not get paid. I’m very unhappy! I decided to go back and look at the financials with my accountant and he pointed out that in the past 4 years the company has never made a profit. They are loosing money and the so called “Divided” they are paying out is actually a return of capital. They are trying to make it look like they pay this great divided but they are not! I am going to attempt to sell all my shares but who know I may have lost all my money since they keep having glitches. Go over the financials before you buy!
REPLYRich Uncles says:August 4th, 2016 at 7:44 pmTell your account to review our Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.  This shows a positive number that demonstrates how we can cover our dividend.  Any CPA will verify the accuracy of this.
Rich Uncles says:August 4th, 2016 at 7:17 pmFrank:
This information is incorrect.  All dividends have been paid from rental income or profit from real estate sales.  Our CFO will happily review the details with your accountant.  As for the glitch I am unaware that any requested sales did not occur.  You have not lost your money.  We are a public company and takes these matters very seriously.  You can visit our office in Costa Mesa and verify that your funds are safe and the real estate is owned.




Rating

   
Rich Uncles says:
            
           
            
            			August 3rd, 2016 at 10:56 am  
Here are some genuine reviews from actual investors:
Larry VanderPloeg
Solar Energy Inc.
    “Seemed too good to be true. Own real estate without the hassles? Thats why it took me about a year to actually start investing. That was a year of dividends not realized.”
Jorge Salazar
Police Officer
    “I was really skeptical to invest money at first, but now I can’t wait to add more funds to my account! I really like the idea of investing in commercial real estate as a group since I wouldn’t be able to do this on my own. As soon as I heard the radio commercial on KFI, I knew this was something I would be very interested in, but felt I couldn’t just jump in. So a few weeks later and after some research I decided to invest! I’m glad I did!”
Blair Pettyjohn
Project Manger in the Broadcast Industry
    “Rich Uncles has afforded me the opportunity to dip my feet into the real estate investment pool without heavy burden of actually having to manage the investment. I should see my first quarterly dividends quite soon – time to invest some more…”
Chirag Amin
Orthopedic Surgeon
    “Hello fellow investors, my name is Chirag and I am an orthopedic surgeon in the Inland Empire. I consider myself a seasoned investor, holding everything from stocks, real estate, precious metals, and even have fractional ownership in various oil and natural gas wells. The challenge in investing for retirement has always been doing the research and due diligence, staying on top of one’s investment decisions by keeping track of performance, and keeping well-diversified. The great thing about this RichUncles investment is that you get a great investment return, a diversified portfolio of strong income-producing properties, as well as a highly experienced management team that makes smart decisions yet know how to keep expenses in check. I am so glad to be an investor with Uncle Howard, Uncle Harold, and Uncle Ray. Keep up the great work. God Bless.”
REPLYButch Spanko says:August 10th, 2016 at 1:12 amI have never see a more unconvincing response, posting a bunch of fake sockpuppets is a joke.
Rich Uncles says:August 4th, 2016 at 7:18 pmWe do not pay anybody to post reviews.  The amazing thing about the internet is that anybody can post anything without having to prove it’s accuracy.  Here’s something you can verify, our BBB A+ rating without complaints:  http://www.bbb.org/sdoc/business-reviews/real-estate-investors/rich-uncles-in-costa-mesa-ca-172009667/%5B_extra_org%5D%5B/_extra_org%5D
Frank says:August 4th, 2016 at 10:06 amI think it’s rediculous that “Rich Uncles” is posting reviews trying to boost their ratings! Last year I was offered $10 (1 share) to post a positive review on your website! Absolutely rediculous that a company would pay their people to post positive reviews.




Rating

   
John says:
            
           
            
            			August 2nd, 2016 at 2:57 pm  
These guys have blocked my ability to comment.  What are they afraid
of – someone telling the truth about this so called investment?
REPLYChris says:August 24th, 2016 at 11:41 pmUh, John, if they blocked your ability to post, how did you post? I’m enjoying the back and forth between Rich Uncles and everybody else.  And I’m considering investing.  But I’m doing my due diligence.  Not ready to invest quite yet but it seems intriguing.  I like how it’s highly regulated by the SEC. I know 4 people who have invested and they are happy.  Not sure I like the idea of having to pay a surrender fee for selling before 3 years in their current offering.  But, as a current small-time real estate investor, I understand this should be a long-term investment.
Rich Uncles says:August 3rd, 2016 at 10:28 amWe have not blocked your comments.  Actual investors with real experience are posted here:  https://www.richuncles.com/stories%5B_extra_org%5D%5B/_extra_org%5D



sam says:
            
           
            
            			August 2nd, 2016 at 1:42 pm  
Thanks for the headsup people I was seriously thinking obut investing all my proceeds from a nissiness deal over 100k but not after reading all this negative feedback thank..
REPLYRich Uncles says:August 3rd, 2016 at 10:29 amSam.  My name is Howard Makler, President of Rich Uncles.  We have an A+ rating with the BBB and frankly have unbelievable investor satisfaction.  Read real reviews and feel free to message our investors directly:  https://www.richuncles.com/stories%5B_extra_org%5D%5B/_extra_org%5D




Rating

   
NOT HAPPY says:
            
           
            
            			August 2nd, 2016 at 11:25 am  
I still didn’t get my divided check from last quarter. I was told they have a glitch in the system. That is a big glitch!
REPLYRich Uncles says:August 3rd, 2016 at 4:32 pmNot Happy – I would like to further apologize.  We did indeed upgrade our accounting systems and it did indeed impact about 50 investors resulting in a payment delays.  It’s unacceptable and I personally apologize.  The final checks are being processed today and should arrive shortly.
Rich Uncles says:August 3rd, 2016 at 10:30 amAll dividends have been corrected.  It was a minor accounting issue associated with a major system upgrade.  If you still are seeing any errors whatsoever, please contact me directly:  howard@RichUncles.com.  I am the President of the company.



Allen says:
            
           
            
            			July 29th, 2016 at 5:06 pm  
Fine, you are registered with the SEC but that does not mean you are a public company, only that your filing is open to public review.  If
you are indeed a public company, what is your symbol and what exchange
do you use to buy / sell?  And if you are truly public, why do you
use radio advertising to gain investor’s rather than simply allowing
your publicly reported results to speak for you? Providing your
trading symbol / exchange will go a long way to ensure you are what you say and do as you say.
REPLYRich Uncles says:August 3rd, 2016 at 10:32 amYour facts are incorrect.  We are indeed a public company but not traded on a stock exchange – by our choice.  Publicly traded REITs perform like any other stock, namely, they are volatile.  Rich Uncles is a public non-listed REIT where the value of our portfolio is determined by the Net Asset Value of our properties.  We believe this is a much better structure.




Rating

   
Walter says:
            
           
            
            			July 29th, 2016 at 2:24 pm  
I just read through the prospectus and the fee’s (3% acquisition fee and 3% disposition fee! plus 3% organization fee!!!) that you are charging are way too high for supplying what I consider to be substandard properties in very tertiary markets…..  Once there is another correction in the economy, a lot of these properties will be abnormally subject to high risk.  The returns promised do not take into account the high level of risk.
REPLYRich Uncles says:August 3rd, 2016 at 10:33 amYou are not correct.  The fees are frankly industry standard.  Regarding our tenants, we take great effort to scrutinize the credit of our tenants.
Read real investor reviews please:  https://www.richuncles.com/stories%5B_extra_org%5D%5B/_extra_org%5D




Rating

   
Heffy says:
            
           
            
            			July 28th, 2016 at 12:16 pm  
Does this REIT qualify for a 1031 exchange?
REPLYRich Uncles says:July 28th, 2016 at 3:46 pmWe do have the ability to help you with a 1031.
Please call our office at 855-RichUncles.
Thank you.




Rating

   
CARLOS says:
            
           
            
            			July 27th, 2016 at 3:23 pm  
I invested 18K and needed it all back after my wife wanted a new state of the art fridge and to remodel our bathroom.  It took only one quarter to get my money, plus $300 in dividend profit back.  I only was asked why I was leaving the REIT.  Once I told them, it was fine.  Not sure what the other people are griping about.  If they make a mistake, tell them!  Keep your records and emails as proof.  They are very responsive.
REPLYWarren says:August 24th, 2016 at 8:22 pmI made two investments with them last year, the first was a lump sum pension plan payout rolled over into an IRA, the other was part of the profits on the sale of a house. Both of these have paid the historical 7.5%, on time.
No complaints here!
Rich Uncles says:August 3rd, 2016 at 4:29 pmDoes anybody do math?  
The CA REIT was paying a 7.5% annual cash dividend.  $18,000 with a 7.5% annual cash dividend would yield $1,350 in dividend payment or $337.50 per quarter.
This isn’t buying lottery tickets or gambling.  This is owning income producing commercial real estate.  You receive a cash dividend along with any property value increases as our leases have an average annual rental increase of 2%.
Sage says:August 1st, 2016 at 4:00 pm@Fred, if you actually read the comment he says he got his initial investment of 18K PLUS a $300 dividend. You should stick to investing in lottery tickets.
Fred Rated says:July 30th, 2016 at 12:55 amInvested 18K and only got $300 back???   Sucky rate of return…
Rich Uncles says:July 28th, 2016 at 3:46 pmThank you, Carlos.
Investor satisfaction is our top priority.




Rating

   
Ian says:
            
           
            
            			July 26th, 2016 at 5:46 pm  
This is a private REIT.  If you purchase there is no market for
your investment, you will need to sell it back to them and who knows how long that will take or what you will receive.   There are
hundreds of public REITS on Vanguard, Fidelity, Schwab and other
brokerage houses from which you can choose.  Those are public so
there is some regulation and oversight as well as protection. Also,
public REITS are required to distribute 90% of all income back to the
investors…what percent does RU distribute?  Rich Uncles has the
look, feel and smell of a Ponzi scheme.  Why would you or anyone else
invest your money with anyone who asks for it on the radio?  Be
careful and do all your due diligence.
REPLYRich Uncles says:July 27th, 2016 at 5:10 pmThis is not accurate.
Rich Uncles NNN REIT is a public company.  Search the SEC for evidence:  http://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar?action=getcompany&CIK=0001645873&owner=include&count=40&hidefilings=0%5B_extra_org%5D%5B/_extra_org%5D



Kirk says:
            
           
            
            			July 25th, 2016 at 11:40 am  
What was the time for the $11 dividend?  Month, qtr, etc?
REPLYRich Uncles says:July 28th, 2016 at 3:45 pmRest assured all accounting will be promptly rectified.  We did switch systems and apologize if any error did occur.
Also, Rich Uncles does not employ any commission based salespeople.  None.  Our Investor Relations staff are all employees of the REIT who earn no compensation based on your investment.
Paned says:July 27th, 2016 at 7:26 pmQuarterly. I was called and told they are having problems with their new accounting program




Rating

   
Paned says:
            
           
            
            			July 24th, 2016 at 10:41 am  
I have over $80,000 invested and I just received my divided check for $11, needless to say I’m not happy! They make mistake after mistake and seem to not know what in the heck they are doing, and their sales people call me over and over. I think it’s about time I Quit! Don’t invest! It’s a wast of money!
REPLYRich Uncles says:July 27th, 2016 at 5:13 pmThe accounting on you account is accurate.  If a mistake was made in a dividend payment it will be rectified immediately.  We have an A+ Rating with the BBB.  Who are you speaking with at Rich Uncles?  We take these matters very seriously and respond promptly.
Howard Makler
President




Add Your Review





Your Name

Your Comment:




Click to cancel reply




Your Name


No Rating
5 - Excellent
4 - Good
3 - Fair
2 - Poor
1 - Dreadful

Choose a Rating


Please Write Your ReviewReview Guidelines




Click to cancel reply


 
 




 Popular Articles
 
            How to Make Money Taking Surveys

There are many companies and websites on the net claiming to show you how to make money taking surveys.  However, they are by no means equal in the...
            

 
            6 Steps for a Successful Online Business

Whether you’re trying to make it as a professional blogger or affiliate marketer try following these six tips to get the most out of your online business.
            

 
            Tips For Saving Money

There’s no doubt that personal finances are on top of everyone’s list of concerns these days, more importantly the topic of how to save money.
            


Work at Home Job Listings
 Data Entry Jobs
 Customer Service  Jobs
 Mystery Shopper Jobs
 Online Tutoring & Teaching Jobs
At Home Transcription
 Home Writing Jobs
 Virtual Assistant Jobs
 Medical Transcription Jobs
 Home Accounting  Jobs




Recent Reviews
Ian - Sydney on Global Opinion Panels Reviews – Legit or Scam?Cousin Teddy on Rich Uncle’s Reviews – Legit or Scam?Rich Uncles Official on Rich Uncle’s Reviews – Legit or Scam?Clorina on Insider Online Secrets Reviews – Legit or Scam?Kurnia59 on BeenVerified.com Reviews – Legit or Scam?
 Recent Posts


Rewarding Ways Reviews – Legit or Scam?


QuickThoughts App Reviews – Legit or Scam?


AppTrailers Reviews – Legit or Scam?


Your Surveys Reviews – Legit or Scam?


Grindabuck Reviews – Legit or Scam?



Categories

Affiliate Marketing

Announcements

Auction Listing Agent

Blogging

Business Opportunities

Data Entry Jobs

Fake News Sites

Financial Newsletters

Freebies

Freelance Writing

Google Kit Scams

Government Grants

How To

Industry News

Internet Scams

Job Databases

Make Money Online

Merchant Processing Agent

Money Saving Tips

Network Marketing

Paid Surveys

Payday Loans

Penny Auction Profit Sharing

Penny Auction Sites

Penny Stocks

Posting Links on Google

Product Reviews

Real Jobs

Rewards Site

Scams

Uncategorized

Web Design

Website Reviews

Work at Home Jobs




 
 


 ©Copyright 2017 Reviewopedia.com. All rights reserved.  Please note 
        that your use of  Reviewopedia.com indicates your acceptance of our Privacy Policy and "Terms and Conditions" as published at  Terms | Affiliate Disclaimer




































Common Core Money: Financial Literacy & Success Inspiration: Investing with Rich-Uncles





































































Common Core Money: Financial Literacy & Success Inspiration




The goal of this blog is to help readers conquer their finances and to inspire success via insightful knowledge of entrepreneurship, business, and investing.   




















Headlines

↑ Grab this Headline Animator












Text Message

GET YOUR FREE COPY OF 10 WAYS TO MOTIVATE YOURSELF INTO TAKING ACTION ON YOUR FINANCES.  MAKE THIS YEAR YOUR BEST! Subscribe at the Follow By Email gadget.











Pages



Home


About Me


My Products


Guest Authors & Sponsors


Terms

















































































Wednesday, March 26, 2014








Investing with Rich-Uncles





This month I invested with Rich-Uncles.  Rich Uncles is the brand name for the Nexregen Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT) I fund.  Nexregen runs out of Newport Beach, CA.  How I came across the Rich-Uncles brand was through Facebook, believe it or not.  I saw their ad and decided to comment.  This put me in contact with Uncle-Howie, Howard Makler, a co-founder of the company.  To make a long story short, after doing my due diligence on the company, investigating what type of returns I'd get on my money, reading the prospectus (includes risks and growth prospects), and talking at length with Howie, I decided to invest.  I used my Roth IRA to invest and put in $10K.  This bought me 1,000 shares of this public, non-listed REIT.

Why I like the investment and the company:

First, you will earn anywhere from 7% - 7.5% on your money (annual return).  You can certainly try to earn more in the stock market, but...the stock market is currently overvalued.  In "Learning to Live With a Stock Bubble," Boston based money manager, founder, and strategist at GMO, Jeremy Grantham, states that stocks are 65% overpriced.  He says that stocks could run up another 30% but by this point we'd be at a true bubble.  (Source: Barron's magazine, March 17th edition).  I don't want to be around in the market when we've reached this point.  Do you?  I hope not.  So, a 6%-7.25% return on my money looks good in comparison to what I could make in an ominous stock market.  Nexregen REIT I is not coupled to the stock market!  It is a public, but not exchange traded, REIT.

Second, it allows me to diversify my portfolio.  I own rental properties, equities (stocks), and now...shares of a non-listed REIT!  With the rental properties I own, I have to hire a property management company to take care of collecting the rents, evicting, and attending to the needy tenants.  Not to mention, if something breaks, I have to authorize expenses to fix the problem, (no hot water, air conditioning goes down, etc.).  Sure, these are all tax deductible expenses, but not until the end of the year!  With Nexregen, you are in essence a minority owner of multiple commercial real estate properties.  Yet, you are not a landlord.  The company takes care of any necessary upkeep for you, they collect the rents, lease the properties, etc.  You sit back and collect the quarterly dividends (and can reinvest them, i.e., use to purchase more shares), as if you owned a rental property, but never have the headaches related with being a landlord.

Third, as a REIT, Nexregen has to, by government regulations, disburse 90% or more of the profits it makes to all investors, i.e., share holders.  I expect Nexregen, a crowd funding entity, to continue to grow.  I like its growth prospects and I'm not just saying that because I'm an investor.  Right now, Nexregen is stocked with 22 properties, leased to the Del Taco franchise, in California.  The fund, because of current regulations, that I suspect will end soon thanks to the Jobs Act, is prohibited from doing business with non-California residents.  Again, to me this is an ephemeral situation.  Soon enough, the fund could go national!  And then....just think....more investors = more properties = more in profits = more in the form of dividends to shareholders.  Also, I don't think the fund is anywhere near being saturated in California.  It is in its infancy within its growth cycle.  So, investors now are on the ground floor.

Fourth, in my estimation, the real estate market is on the rise again.  It has already experienced its bust in the cycle, and as you know, this bust was one of epic proportions.  Really, can real estate fall back to those 2008-09 levels?  I think the odds of that are very slim.  What does this mean?  It means that properties, including those held by the Nexregen fund, will appreciate!  When and if the company decides to sell a property, the value of the building should be worth more (I don't want to assume, but I would expect they would only sell in cases where they would turn a profit on the building) and the proceeds from this sale must be disbursed to shareholders.  I'm not a commercial real estate expert, but if residential properties stand to increase in value, I would suspect that the commercial real estate market is right behind.

Fifth, ease of entry.  The fund only asks that you have a family income (combined) of $75K OR a net worth of at least $250K.  This opens it up to many, many, people (in California).  The minimum investment is only $5K!  I looked at other crowd funding platforms, in particular, www.crowdfunder.com.  With crowdfunder.com, you have to be an accredited investor!  Also, you have to select the deal you want to help fund. And, there is no guarantee that the deal will even fund.  You end up waiting for the deal to go through, in other words.  With Rich Uncles, you'll be immediately in their books once you buy the shares, benefitting from any upside, and with each passing day, you are that much closer to getting your dividend disbursement.  Also, you don't have to worry about whether or not you funded the right company/deal with your decision because the current structure is that of the multiple Del Taco properties.

I've share three Pros and now I'm going to share the Cons:

First, the shares are relatively illiquid.  Although you can sell your shares (a platform to do so would be www.Reitbid.com), there is no open market for them, unlike shares of publicly traded companies.  So, if you're buying into the fund, most likely you want to accumulate shares via the dividend reinvestment option, though you could opt for steady, long-term income, with a reasonable return.  Think real estate investor, not stock market investor.  You're not going to make a trade, buy low, sell high, in less than 1-year.  You are committing to being part owner of many commercial real estate properties, so you should be in it for the long haul (until the fund closes, 4-7 years from now).  I don't think this is that bad of a Con, but it needs to be stated.  When the fund closes, that is, reaches its cap of investor capital, a liquidation event will take place.  This is when you'll get your value back, what your shares are worth at the time, plus profits from the proceeds of the sale of all of those buildings!  Howard Makler states: "It's going to be closer to five years.  We will look to be at the top of the commercial real estate market (when we sell everything) to squeeze out the most upside we can for our shareholders."

***New Update: 5/15/14: The Nexregen REIT has implemented a share redemption program.  In the event of a crisis or emergency (whatever you deem to be as the investor) you will now have the option of selling back you shares to the company at full value!  This is a game changer for me and it adds two things in my mind: 1) reassurance that I can cash out when I need to and 2) liquidity.  I intend on staying invested for the duration but it is good to know that investors could, under hardships, sell back their shares and attend to their financial needs.  This makes this investment now almost bullet proof!

Second, you're not going to get a fixed interest rate on your money.  Unlike a bond that returns 6-8%, the interest rate from the Nexregen REIT will be variable.  7-7.5% annual rate is a true descriptor of the variability.  Why isn't a fixed rate?  Well, because with real estate, you will have variable expenses each quarter.  If nothing goes wrong, every building runs smoothly, every Franchisee pays the rent on time, and all is wonderful, then yes, you should expect a premium return as a shareholder.  But, alas, there are always little things that happen, and this hits the gross proceeds (top line) of the fund.  You may be thinking right now that a bond is a better option.  It is not!  Especially not right now (2014).  Bonds are a terrible investment right now.  You have to consider that the Fed (Federal Reserve) is going to raise rates.  Rising interest rates mean lower bond prices.  Sure, just consider a $10K investment in a bond today, yielding 6%.  Say a month from now the Fed raises rates and an investor can get the same bond with a 6.5% yield.  In order to attract more investors, the price of the bond you paid $10K for, will need to adjust to $9,500 or something like this (I'm not a bond expert) so that others will be enticed to buy the bond.  Bonds have inherent risks as well, e.g., default, when the entity you bought the bond from can't meet its obligations.  You could get a bond with a shorter maturity, 2 years, for example to avoid the pitfall of rising interest rates, but...there is no appreciation (like real estate) and they are overpriced right now.  Mr. Grantham states: "They look absolutely, nerve-rackingly overpriced, and in a crisis, who knows what will happen to those securities?  They could make stocks look like a safe haven if the the next bust occurs at the federal levels of the large countries.  Bonds, including government bonds, are a lot more dangerous than people imagine."  Nexregen is superior to a bond in my view, if you can live with the slight variability in the rate of return.  (**Update: the fund has returned 7.5% for 6 quarters straight now as of August, 2014).

These are all of the cons I could think of.  I fully endorse Nexregen REIT fund, better known as Rich-Uncles, and cannot wait to begin collecting my steady quarterly dividends!

Like this post?  Subscribe to this blog for more like them!

Enter your email address:


Delivered by FeedBurner





C. Osvaldo Gomez with Rich-Uncle, Howard Makler





My certificate!


August, 2015 update: The company is now called, Rich Uncles Real Estate Investment Trust I.  The website platform has made investing completely automated.  In addition, the portfolio now includes a Chase bank, and 3 Chevron service stations!








Posted by



C. Osvaldo Gomez




at

7:40 AM





Reactions: 




















Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest




Labels:
Investing,
Real Estate,
REIT










27 comments:




Greg FieldsMay 8, 2015 at 10:53 PMMr. Gomez - it is a year later following your latest post, and am wondering how you're feeling about the Nexegen REIT. Would you still recommend it? Thanks,Greg FieldsReplyDeleteRepliesC. Osvaldo GomezMay 9, 2015 at 10:11 PMABSOLUTELY!  Yes, Greg I would.  I wholeheartedly trust Harold, Howard, and Ray.  DeleteReplyJustin RyanSeptember 8, 2015 at 5:55 AMIt sounds like you are a paid employee peddling company propaganda. ReplyDeleteRepliesC. Osvaldo GomezSeptember 10, 2015 at 7:23 AMIf you're wondering Ryan, I'm not a paid employee of RU.  I am, however, a consultant for which I am compensated in equity.  And I'm also an investor so I have skin in the game alike anyone else investing.DeleteReplyJustin RyanSeptember 8, 2015 at 5:56 AMNice certificate LOLReplyDeleteRepliesC. Osvaldo GomezSeptember 10, 2015 at 7:29 AMNow you're just being a hater.  I'd delete your comment, but I wan't others to see an example of how Not to consider investments.  DeleteUnknownOctober 1, 2015 at 6:46 PMIn fairness to your readers, the first line of this review should be the notice that you are financially tied to the company, and not just as an investor.  This would give readers a full disclosure right up front instead of reading about it in the comments section.DeleteReplyNahom MicaelOctober 24, 2015 at 6:12 PMThis is a very earnest and pretty well-written article by Carlos Gomez about Rich Uncles. However, there's so many red flags about this company that almost (as Justin Ryan alluded to) makes it appear that Mr. Gomez is peddling company propaganda or at least has conflicted interest because why write such an extensive, concise analysis on a company you have only a menial $10K invested in? I only heard about this company only after their excessively annoying commercials from LaDona Harvey on AM 600.  Red Flag #1. LaDona knows absolutely nothing about RichUncles other than the nebulously generic details (as provided in every scam), she's only promoting a little more incessantly than Mr. Gomez because of the 'dinero.' And it's annoying how often she mentions Chase Bank, Del Taco, etc. Red Flag #2. Spoken like every pyramid scheme scam, why would such established prominent companies like Chase Bank need rental properties...and better yet depend on some obscurely NEW third-party company like RichUncles to help lease the properties to them? But, that's usually what scam artists do, is to associate themselves with some prominence or establishment for credibility.  Red Flag #3: Another NEW, pretentiously-sounding technical investment that simplifies everything for you. Does anybody even know how long they've been around? A full entire year...amazing. So, they do all the work and you sit back and collect the return. It's so complicated, it's simple! Red Flag #4: they are of course illiquid but then Mr. Gomez contradicts himself with their "share redemption program" which assures liquidity.  Gray area. What happens if the program doesn't approve of my financial emergency? Then, am I stuck with the shares in the long haul? Investments are either liquid or illiquid, I don't believe in ambiguous circumstances that will feasibly serve as both...because then what obligation would investors in the longer duration? And if the share redemption program proved to be correct, it wouldn't make the investment "almost bullet proof", it would, indeed, make it bullet proof since bonds likewise are not FDIC-insured. And this whole article spends a great deal detracting people from investing in bonds,  which I agree with but that doesn't make RichUncles a great alternative on that merit alone. Red Flag #5: the variability on the fixed interest rate is bothersome because there is NO minimum fixed rate, so in essence it could be anywhere from -100% to +7.5%. Mr. Gomez, you missed that in your growth prospect: the potential to lose your entire investment incurred from those variable expenses. Sure, it's highly unrealistic to lose your entire investment but the point is it's legally possible for them to come up with a euphemistic memorandum that entails how they've managed to lose all your money. Red Flag #6: what is the point of their stringent investment requirements? Exclusiveness is a more frequent red flag by shady pyramid schemers #bernie madoff. Okay, most Americans will not be able to invest in this because Americans are terrible at building wealth and the median income is only $50K. But, is a very risky investor who only inherited an abundant amount of wealth from their ancestors acceptable? How about somebody who has excellent credit but only makes $60K/yr with a net worth of $200K? Now, they, of course, aren't good enough because these arbitrary limits say so. ReplyDeleteRepliesmfogeyMarch 16, 2016 at 2:45 PMI want to respond only to Nahom's comment "why would such established prominent companies like Chase Bank need rental properties".  There are very few businesses that own their own real estate, in fact, many successful businesses who in past generations did like to own their real estate have taken those owned properties and have done what's called a "sale-leaseback".  Think about it: as real estate values have skyrocketed, many retail businesses (grocery, fast food, etc.) have realized they are sitting on lots of built-up equity in the real estate they own.  For example, if you are Chase Bank, why continue to own a property that might be worth $3.2 Million ($4.00 psf in rent x 3,000 sf x 12 = $144,000 annually.  Capped value at 4.5% = $3.2 Million) when your core business is lending and holding money for depositors?  It's VERY unusual for any retailer, whether mom and pop or national, to own their own real estate.  The only exception is an owner-user who can get an SBA loan, lock in their occupancy cost for 20+ years, and intends to operate out of one location for a very long time.  Otherwise best to sell the leased asset (Chase Bank = top notch credit = investors will accept a very low return in exchange for security; Walgreens is another example of a retailer that will command a very low return/cap rate because of their high credit). So, Nahom Michael, sorry to say that you are just flat out wrong with your "Red Flag #2".  I'm not saying Rich Uncles is a good or bad investment, but I do know that Chase Bank, Del Taco, etc. all typically lease space from landlords, big and small.  And if you're wondering if I'm a commercial real estate professional, I am.  I've been a developer and investor in shopping centers for 20 years.DeleteReplyNahom MicaelOctober 24, 2015 at 6:13 PMFinally, all that being said, I personally wouldn't invest in RichUncles but they appear to be a fairly low-risk investment and they are BBB-accredited (for now). The returns of 7-7.5% sound great in this volatile economy but they are simply uncorroborated numbers. The investment is illiquid but also liquid (Carlos can't make up his mind on that). But, take comfort in that "soon enough, the funds could go national" just like Santa Claus could try to fit his fatass down your chimney this Christmas. It's all hypothetical. Though, it does allow you to diversify your portfolio, but that would implies there are only limited sources of investing today. Yes, it's a real estate investment with little to no maintenance (but that's usually how scams operate, they do all the work and you just get worked.) Stil, I think Mr. Gomez made an earnest, knowledgable attempt at promoting RichUncles here, but why isn't he getting paid instead of LaDona (or maybe he is)...ReplyDeleteMaurice BNovember 5, 2015 at 5:07 PMNoham, thank you for your insights. I've heard the radio promos and they are enticing...too enticing. However, my first red flag was they are not publicly traded which creates a veil as well as illiquididy. You've added much more perspective and insight for me to steer away.ReplyDeletesadia janDecember 6, 2015 at 3:30 AMWhat a post this is one!How to take care our eye care at low cost that's tell here with a great solution. So this is post different from other site to me. Thanks. it allows me to diversify my portfolio.  I own rental properties, equities (stocks), and now...shares of a non-listed REIT!  With the rental properties I own, I have to hire a property management company to take care of collecting the rents, evicting, and attending to the needy tenants.Vestvox is a crowd sourced commercial real estate marketplace that helps brokers, investors and tenants discover, market, purchase and lease on a value driven platform. Commercial Real Estate AgentReplyDeletethedevilcorpJanuary 14, 2016 at 12:06 PMGood site.ReplyDeleteUnknownMarch 16, 2016 at 10:04 PMNahom ... thanks for your analysis. I agree that the illiquidity is a red flag for me. It's no surprise that the radio hosts emphasize to do your own due-diligence prior to investing.ReplyDeleteJimmyDMarch 23, 2016 at 1:54 PMWhy not just invest in a publicly traded real estate stock? It's liquid and only costs about $7 to buy with Scottrade! And don't say that stocks are volatile. Non traded REITS can get clobbered if real estate tanks. You don't know what your shares are worth until the very end when the property sells. Just because non traded REITS don't get traded on the stock market is a false sense of security. ReplyDeleteRepliesC. Osvaldo GomezMarch 25, 2016 at 6:39 PMI do both.  Non-traded REITS offer diversification (assets outside of the stock marker category)  for my portfolio.  Thanks, Jimmy!DeleteReplyMali KashMay 9, 2016 at 3:19 AMThanks for sharing this information. I found it very informative as I have been researching a lot lately on practical matters such as you talk about Property Investment CompanyReplyDeleteJohn OakdenMay 9, 2016 at 9:54 AMHighly illiquid and written by someone who has a vested interest in the success of this fund. The fact that  Mr. Gomez would invest in public traded funds along with RU is a sham. I have a rule in not following the investment advice of radio talking heads getting paid for it. How about all those ads on tv & radio ads when gold was $1,800. How are those people doing?ReplyDeleteUnknownMay 10, 2016 at 9:16 AMThis comment has been removed by the author.ReplyDeleteMichael WMay 10, 2016 at 9:17 AMYou mentioned that they require a net worth of at least $250K. What can be included in net worth as they define the term?ReplyDeleteC. Osvaldo GomezJuly 27, 2016 at 1:34 PMFor the record, I have not been compensated by Rich Uncles in any way since December of 2015 when my service as a start-up consultant ended.  The company is flourishing and I feel very proud to have been a part of the start-up process.  Look out for greater things to come.  RU is going national and demand for a solid alternative investment (and commercial real estate) is rising. ReplyDeleteMarkAugust 31, 2016 at 10:38 AMThey filed bankruptcy in the last downturn. Be suspicious anytime you are promised 2 or 3 times a normal return.  You radio and tv hosts peddling this scam should be ashamed. ReplyDeleteRepliesC. Osvaldo GomezSeptember 4, 2016 at 7:26 AMMark, that's not the same company.  This is another Rich Uncles founded by CBRE Chairman, Ray Wirta.DeleteReplyIdealhomesportugal RentalsSeptember 26, 2016 at 4:26 AMI was curious if you ever considered changing the layout of your site? Its very well written; I love what youve got to say. But maybe you could a little more in the way of content so people could connect with it better.You’ve got an awful lot of text for only having one or 2 pictures. Maybe you could space it out better?-----------------------------------Lagos holiday villasReplyDeleteSteph StephanieJanuary 23, 2017 at 12:25 AMI really enjoyed reading your article. I found this as an informative and interesting post, so I think it is very useful and knowledgeable. I would like to thank you for the effort you have made in writing this article.ReplyDeleteMarina KingstonJanuary 23, 2017 at 10:16 AMFinancial Literacy & Success Inspiration is important and we must consider it when taking payday loans in lakeland fl always. I've took them and was personally helped out a lot.ReplyDeleteFlip JorkMay 22, 2017 at 7:02 AMIt is imperative for a [startup like ours] to validate what we are doing and to build something that somebody wants to use," said Kurniawan.  rental property agenciesReplyDeleteAdd commentLoad more...



























Newer Post


Older Post

Home




Subscribe to:
Post Comments (Atom)















Sign Up for Email Updates












Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Pinterest
RSS













Follow @COsvaGomez
































Become Wealthy With Us! Always the Latest on My Ventures When YOU Subscribe





Money Mag Video of the Gomez Family











All Time
















Like CCM On FB















Sponsor
















CCM in Your Language

























SposoredBy:

















Subscribe To CCM (Feed)







Posts










                  Atom
                










Posts












Comments










                  Atom
                










Comments



















Google+ Followers





CCM Channel















Google+ Badge



CCM's Most Popular Posts



Investing with Rich-Uncles
This month I invested with Rich-Uncles.   Rich Uncles  is the brand name for the Nexregen Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT) I fund.  Nexre...


Simple Product Profits, First Impressions On This Amazon Business Course
It's good to be back again on this platform.  I'm not writing as much these days simply because I've been busy attempting altern...


The Best Money Advice You Will Get for Your 20s
What’s crack-a-lackin’ everybody?  Today I have a seed of a post for you.  Seed is the perfect word to use, in fact, as the idea for it orig...


7 Financial Lessons to Master by the Time You're 30
Welcome!  Well, this is the last day of September and this month I turned 39.  Another ten years of life is soon to be behind me.  I don'...


Quinceañera or Money for College?
               I had one of the most interesting days I’ve ever had in a ten year career as a high school administrator.   I actually got to...


How I Got Solar for $10K from San Jose's Skyway Electric and Solar
   There is a big misconception among homeowners: Solar is too expensive.  This misconception goes back years to when solar first started to...













Blog Archive








        ► 
      



2017

(48)





        ► 
      



July

(6)







        ► 
      



June

(7)







        ► 
      



May

(8)







        ► 
      



April

(6)







        ► 
      



March

(6)







        ► 
      



February

(6)







        ► 
      



January

(9)









        ► 
      



2016

(53)





        ► 
      



December

(9)







        ► 
      



November

(10)







        ► 
      



October

(10)







        ► 
      



September

(4)







        ► 
      



August

(2)







        ► 
      



July

(2)







        ► 
      



May

(2)







        ► 
      



April

(3)







        ► 
      



March

(3)







        ► 
      



February

(3)







        ► 
      



January

(5)









        ► 
      



2015

(159)





        ► 
      



December

(6)







        ► 
      



November

(8)







        ► 
      



October

(10)







        ► 
      



September

(10)







        ► 
      



August

(11)







        ► 
      



July

(14)







        ► 
      



June

(14)







        ► 
      



May

(15)







        ► 
      



April

(16)







        ► 
      



March

(15)







        ► 
      



February

(20)







        ► 
      



January

(20)









        ▼ 
      



2014

(67)





        ► 
      



December

(12)







        ► 
      



November

(12)







        ► 
      



October

(9)







        ► 
      



September

(7)







        ► 
      



August

(7)







        ► 
      



July

(6)







        ► 
      



June

(3)







        ► 
      



May

(3)







        ► 
      



April

(3)







        ▼ 
      



March

(5)

Investing with Rich-Uncles
My Best & Worst Trades of 2013
Qualifying for a home Loan for a Rental Property
Negotiating is Not an Art form or Hidden Talent
Being a Professional Isn't Enough
















































            Yes I Want Personal and Financial Success Digital Resources
            
Get freebies and CCM updates straight into your INBOX for free. Just Enter your email address and verify to join!


















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 




Real Estate Crowdfunding Comparison List












































































 



 


















Home > Real Estate > Real Estate Crowdfunding Comparison
Real Estate Crowdfunding Comparison List

Crowdfunding has become one of today’s hottest investing trends, with some of the biggest returns coming from the peer-to-peer (P2P) real estate lending marketplace. Although this trend is still relatively brand-new, it’s already made seismic shifts to the way investors profit from real estate debt, and a number of platforms seem to be springing up every day. Which platform should you use?
Here at Investor Junkie, we’ve tested many of the biggest names in this exciting sector. Here is a handy comparison chart to help you pick from some of our favorites.
Scroll to the right to see the comparison of all real estate firms.





 
CrowdStreet
Fundrise
LendingHome
Patch of Land
PeerStreet
RealCrowd
Realty Mogul
RealtyShares
Rich Uncles
Roofstock
Sharestates
 




 
More Info
More Info
More Info
More Info
More Info
More Info
More Info
More Info
More Info
More Info
More Info
 


 
Review
Review
Review
Review
Review
Review
Review
Review
Review
Review
Review
 


Rating
Rated 4 stars
Rated 3.5 stars
Rated 3.5 stars
Rated 4 stars
Rated 3.5 stars
Rated 3 stars
Rated 3 stars
Rated 4 stars
Rated 3.5 stars
Rated 3.5 stars
Rated 3.5 stars
Rating


Minimum Investment
$10,000
$1,000
$50,000
$5,000
$1,000
$5,000
$5,000
$5,000
$500
Varies
$1,000
Minimum Investment


Fees
None
0.3%–0.5%
0.85%
10% of interest fee
0.25%-1.0%
None
deal-specific
1% on equity; up to 2% interest rate spread on debt
None
0.5% one time fee
0-2% one time fee
Fees


Investment Terms
3 – 10 yr
N/A
0 – 12 mo
30 days – 36 mo
6 – 24 mo
3 – 5 yr
Debt: 6 – 12 mo; Equity 3 – 10 yr
6 Months – 10 yr
N/A
N/A
6 – 12 mo
Investment Terms


Accredited Investor
Yes
–
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
–
–
Yes
Accredited Investor


Private REIT
–
Yes
–
–
–
–
Yes ($2,500 min)
–
Yes
–
–
Private REIT


1031 Exchange
–
–
–
–
–
Yes
Yes
–
–
Yes
–
1031 Exchange


Pre-vetted
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Pre-vetted


Pre-funded
–
–
Yes
Yes
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
Pre-funded


Regions Served
50 States
50 States
 AZ, CA, CO, CT, FL, GA, IL, MD, MI, MO, NC, NJ, NV, NY, OH, OR, PA, SC, TN, TX, VA, WA and WV
46 States; excluding MN, SD, NV and AZ
50 States
50 States
50 States
50 States
CA, CO, CT, FL, GA, HI, ID, IL, IN, KY, LA, MT, NH, NV, NY, SC, SD, TX, UT, VA, VT, WI, WY
Atlanta, Dallas, Inianapolis, Jacksonville, Las Vegas, Miami, Orlando, San Francisco, Tampa, and Southwest Florida
AL, CT, DE, FL, GA, IL, IN, OH, MA, MD, ME, MI, NC, NJ, NY, PA, RI, SC, TN, TX, VA, and VT
Regions Served


Distributions
Monthly or Quarterly
Quarterly
Monthly
Monthly
Monthly
Monthly or Quarterly
Monthly or Quarterly
Monthly or Quarterly
Monthly
Monthly
Monthly
Distributions


Self Directed IRA
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
–
Yes
Yes
Yes
Self Directed IRA


Foreign Investors
Yes
–
–
Yes
–
–
–
–
Yes
Yes
Yes
Foreign Investors



Investment Offering Type



Debt
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
–
–
Yes
Debt


Equity
Yes
Yes
–
–
–
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
–
Yes
Equity


Preferred Equity
Yes
Yes
–
–
–
–
–
–
Yes
–
Yes
Preferred Equity


Direct Ownership
Yes
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
Yes
–
Direct Ownership



Property Type



Residential
–
–
Yes
Yes
Yes
–
Yes
–
Yes
Yes
Yes
Residential


Commercial
Yes
Yes
–
Yes
–
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
–
Yes
Commercial


 
More Info
More Info
More Info
More Info
More Info
More Info
More Info
More Info
More Info
More Info
More Info
 


 
CrowdStreet
Fundrise
LendingHome
Patch of Land
PeerStreet
RealCrowd
Realty Mogul
RealtyShares
Rich Uncles
Roofstock
Sharestates
 




 Share8 Tweet9 Share6 Reddit Email 
Suggested For You

A P2P Real Estate Crowdfunding Comparison GuideHow to Use Crowdfunding as an Alternative Way of InvestingHow to Successfully Invest in Real Estate With Brandon TurnerOnline Broker Comparison ListRobo-Advisor Comparison - A Detailed Breakdown Chart 


















With New REIT, You Don't Need a Rich Uncle to Invest in Commercial Real Estate - CoStar Group


































NTL












®

# 1 Commercial Real Estate Information Company



Home
About Us
Careers
Support
Search CoStar.com
Login











 
 
 







Headlines

ArchiveCoStar Advisor NewsletterMost Viewed






With New REIT, You Don't Need a Rich Uncle to Invest in Commercial Real Estate
Wirta, Hofer Launching Latest REIT with a Goal of Shearing Investment Fees for Small Investors
By Mark Heschmeyer
July 21, 2015





Email



Print










Former CB Richard Ellis CEO and vice chairman Ray Wirta, and real estate industry veteran Harold Hofer, who have a long history of championing small-dollar-investor access to big-dollar commercial real estate, are looking to offer shares in their latest REIT, Rich Uncles REIT Inc.,  with the goal of raising up to $1 billion for the non-exchange listed public REIT. Wirta and Hofer are playing up the small-investor component of Rich Uncles REIT in hopes of making more of the investment by mom-and-pop investors go towards real estate and less to financial intermediaries. They've set up Rich Uncles as an alternate, internet-based distribution channel to sell shares that excludes payment of commissions and expense reimbursements to advisory intermediaries. Typically, the sponsor of a non-exchange listed public REIT, such as Rich Uncles, enlists the sales expertise of an in-house dealer-manager responsible for marketing shares in a REIT. In compensation, the broker-dealer or financial intermediary usually receives up to 10% of investments made in the REIT as commissions or cost reimbursements. In fashioning an alternative funding scheme, Rich Uncles believes its real estate investment vehicle delivers roughly 10% more of the investment amount to acquire the actual real estate, rather than in the form of commissions and reimbursements. The REIT expects to use a substantial amount of the net proceeds from the upcoming public offering to invest in single-tenant income-producing corporate properties. Hofer and Wirta have a history of trying to open up CRE deals to smaller investors. The pair previously sponsored two REITs: Nexregen Firewheel Real Estate Investment Trust in 2007, a single-asset REIT that offered to invest in a limited partnership that owned a shopping center in Garland, TX.  More recently, the pair organized Rich Uncles Real Estate Investment Trust I in 2012 to invest in single-tenant properties in California. Both offerings used Wirta’s and Hofer’s proprietary web-based system that pools small-dollar interests made by individual investors to buy commercial properties. 

GET IN TOUCH        Contact CoStar News Team:   News@CoStar.com 

More US National NewsBack to US National News PageE-Commerce Comes to Food Shopping: Amazon-Whole Foods Combination Seen as Game-Changer for Grocery StoresE-Commerce Comes to Food Shopping: Growing Competition for Grocery Sales Altering Outlook for Retail Real EstateBlackstone To Spin-Off La Quinta’s Hotels into a New REITApple iPhone Supplier to Build $10 Billion Plant in WisconsinGlobal Wave of Office Overbuilding Could Add Shine to US Markets for InvestorsHas US Lodging Sector's Historic Growth Run Finally Reached a Tipping Point?Equity Commonwealth Closes on $328M Sale of Centre Square East & West TowersColony NorthStar Picks Up $201 Million Warehouse Portfolio Along I-95 CorridorOffice, Industrial Sales Hold Steady Even as Overall CRE Sales Volume Continues to Drift Lower in First-Half 2017Will Medical Office Continue to Support Rich Deals?Federal Banking Agencies Propose Exempting CRE Property Sales of $400,000 or Less from Appraisals» Go To  National News Page







 Find us on 
Next Steps
888-226-7404
Email Us
Welcome To CoStar's
Industry-Focused,
Award-Winning News
Winner of three Journalism Awards from the National Association of Real Estate Editors (NAREE)
Award-Winning News  




 








Contact Us
|
Buy Now
|
Schedule a Demo
|
Newsletter Sign Up
|
Anti-Piracy
|
Terms of Use
|
Privacy Policy
|
Site Map
|
888-226-7404
        







Copyright © 2014 CoStar Realty Information, Inc.  All rights reserved.  Portions of service protected by U.S. Patent Nos. 6,871,140, 7,076,452, 7,174,301, and 7, 254,559.    








40000
13521


 









Review of Rich-Uncles real estate investment trust (Part 1) - YouTube 


 
  


















































 
 

 
Skip navigation
  
 

 
Sign inSearch

 





Loading...
    






 


Close

 


 

 Yeah, keep it
Undo
Close
 




              This video is unavailable.

    







Watch QueueQueueWatch QueueQueue 
Remove allDisconnect







The next video is startingstop 


Loading...
    

 



 

Watch Queue
    
Queue

__count__/__total__
    









 









































 


 

Find out whyClose






    Review of Rich-Uncles real estate investment trust (Part 1)
  



 










the Annuity Slayer













Loading...
    







        Unsubscribe from the Annuity Slayer?
      


Cancel
Unsubscribe










        Working...
    










SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe639 











Loading...
    









Loading...
    













        Working...
    












 
Add to

Want to watch this again later?

      Sign in to add this video to a playlist.
    
Sign in


Share

 More
 


Report


Need to report the video?

      Sign in to report inappropriate content.
    
Sign in





Transcript




Statistics



Add translations

18,140 views







83

Like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



84


15

Don't like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



16











Loading...
    











Loading...
    





Transcript
    





The interactive transcript could not be loaded.
      








Loading...
    








Loading...
    





Rating is available when the video has been rented.




      This feature is not available right now. Please try again later.
    




Published on May 7, 2015Also view part 2 of my review here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KtjXp...Additional points: It has been suggested that non-traded REIT's in general are less volatile than publicly traded REITs.  This is a red herring assertion on many levels. For starters, if an investor desires less volatility, then non-traded REITs should be compared to REIT index funds.  Index funds are inherently less volatile than individual REITs because they are highly diversified. For example Vanguard’s REIT index fund VNQ is diversified across 148 different companies, all of which have market caps of at least 100 million dollars. Nevertheless, for what it’s worth, are non-traded REITs less volatile than publicly traded REITs? Non-traded REIT's face the SAME market forces as public REITs. Renters will pay what the market dictates, real estate will be bought and sold for what the market dictates, etc. A seemingly "less volatile" share price of a non-traded REIT can be illusionary and misleading. Why? Let me quote the Securities Litigation and Consulting Group... "The market price of a non-traded REIT does not reflect the underlying value of the REIT's holdings nor the potential for future dividend payments. In a free and efficient market, an asset's price fluctuates with investors' expectations for the changes in the asset's future value. In equity market, the share price carries information about investor's beliefs about future dividends and value growth, including expectations regarding the ability of that firm to sustain its business model. The prices of non-traded REITs do not reflect this information because they are not openly traded - prices are set at the discretion of management, and can be highly misleading as they can be unrelated to the value of the REIT or its holdings. A more accurate measure of a non-traded REIT's value would be the net asset value of its holdings." http://blogs.wsj.com/totalreturn/2014...The idea that nontraded REITs aren’t volatile is a “misdirection,” says Joseph Harvey of Cohen & Steers, one of the biggest REIT investors in the world. He says “You can’t measure the volatility of these investments because they do not trade.” While they are not exposed to the day-to-day volatility of the public markets, REIT NAVs are exposed to economic volatility. Real estate is not immune to economic changes. But most importantly, what really matters is the end result (return on investment) when comparing a non-traded REIT to its BENCHMARK -- not the S&P 500 index.Another problem with REITs is that you have the ADDED cost of winding down the whole operation by selling property. Do your due diligence! Here's some links pertaining to this review... http://blog.aarp.org/2015/01/12/non-t...https://blog.wealthfront.com/tax-effi...https://www.mfs.com/wps/FileServerSer...http://seekingalpha.com/article/12713...http://www.finra.org/investors/alerts...http://blog.slcg.com/2014/01/another-...https://www.tddirectinvesting.co.uk/i...http://www.wsj.com/articles/five-popu...http://www.investmentnews.com/article...http://www.financialsamurai.com/which...http://advisor.morningstar.com/upload... http://poseidon01.ssrn.com/delivery.p...UPDATE: According to a YouTube poster, most if not all of the current Rich Uncles dividend is not coming from rental income. He says "The latest financial filing I looked at indicated that the REIT currently is losing money on an operating cash flow basis, which means they're paying investors with borrowed money or the dividend is really a return of principal."https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qIW-A...If you need money advice then hire a fee-only fiduciary on a one-time or one-task basis. This video is not intended as investment, tax, accounting or legal advice, as an offer or solicitation of an offer to buy, hold or sell, or as an endorsement, of any company, security, fund, product or other offering. 



      Category
    

Education




      License
    

Standard YouTube License




 Show more
Show less






Loading...
    















Autoplay


When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next. 

 


        Up next
      






    Should you put money in the Rich Uncles REIT touted by Sean Hannity?
  

     - Duration: 3:50.
  
Brian Fricke
1,336 views



3:50














    Rich Uncles REIT
  

     - Duration: 7:42.
  
Ross World
316 views



7:42





    How To Invest In Real Estate (What Exactly & Why?)
  

     - Duration: 12:08.
  
Wendy Sparks
181,061 views



12:08





    Video 1 of 3 - Turn $10 Into $10,000 in 30 Days with Real Estate
  

     - Duration: 32:51.
  
Ron LeGrand
555,929 views



32:51





    Rich Uncles Investors Presentation & Open House
  

     - Duration: 57:06.
  
Rich Uncles
3,590 views



57:06





    How To Become A Millionaire In Two Years Buying One House Per Month - Real Estate Investing
  

     - Duration: 18:14.
  
Joe Crump
781,314 views



18:14





    How to Buy Real Estate without Cash or Credit
  

     - Duration: 1:10:47.
  
Phil Pustejovsky
1,749,768 views



1:10:47





    What is the interest rate risk of REIT investments?
  

     - Duration: 7:32.
  
Zell/Lurie Real Estate Center at Wharton
1,232 views



7:32





    How Do REITs Work?
  

     - Duration: 4:02.
  
NAREIT1
491,698 views



4:02





    REIT Basics
  

     - Duration: 4:06.
  
Investools
24,750 views



4:06





    Inside Secrets of a Real Estate Agent
  

     - Duration: 6:14.
  
ABC News
738,362 views



6:14





    Review of Rich Uncles + non-traded REIT's in general (Part 2)
  

     - Duration: 9:26.
  
the Annuity Slayer
1,549 views



9:26





    Investing In Apartment REITS vs Buying Your Own Apartments
  

     - Duration: 9:57.
  
Ben Innes-Ker
8,249 views



9:57





    What is the 1% Rule for Real Estate Investing?
  

     - Duration: 11:02.
  
Morris Invest
2,405 viewsNew



11:02





    TOP 6 REITS for 2017 - BEST Real Estate Investment Choices
  

     - Duration: 4:25.
  
investing1000
1,596 views



4:25





    Understanding Real Estate Investment Trusts
  

     - Duration: 39:54.
  
TheSIASTube
33,301 views



39:54





    Beware the Real Estate Investment seminar scam artist
  

     - Duration: 4:56.
  
Joe Pryor
41,942 views



4:56





    What is a REIT?
  

     - Duration: 1:35.
  
Kue Lee
748 views



1:35





    Rich Uncles - Real Estate Investing for Everyone
  

     - Duration: 1:25.
  
Rich Uncles
1,093 views



1:25





    REITs: What You Need To Know About Real Estate Investment Trusts
  

     - Duration: 5:20.
  
CapitalRev
9,215 views



5:20




Loading more suggestions...
    

Show more









  

 
Language:
  
  English



 
Content location:
  
  United States



 
Restricted Mode:
  
Off



History Help





Loading...
    






Loading...
    






Loading...
    


 About
Press
Copyright
Creators
Advertise
Developers
+YouTube
 Terms
Privacy

Policy & Safety
  
Send feedback

Test new features













Loading...
    














        Working...
    









 
Sign in to add this to Watch Later

    
 

Add to
    





        Loading playlists...
    


 


 



	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started






































Rich-Uncles.com Crowdfunds $40 Million in Real Estate Assets 




































PRWeb
Home
News Center
Blog



United States
United Kingdom
France

			Login
		
			Create a free account
		




RSS


Email Newsletters


Put PRWeb on your site




Rich-Uncles.com Crowdfunds $40 Million in Real Estate Assets



Share Article


















Rich-Uncles.com completes acquisition of Chase Bank Building in Northern California







Please visit www.Rich-Uncles.com

Rich-Uncles.com provides commercial real estate investment access to the true Crowd - the tens of millions of Americans who have been historically shut out from participating in real estate investing


Newport Beach, CA (PRWEB)
August 26, 2014
 Real Estate Crowdfunding platform http://rich-uncles.com has announced that it has purchased a Chase Bank building located in The Crossings shopping center of Antioch, CA.  The purchase price was $3.78 million.
“We are very pleased to add the Chase Bank property to our growing Rich-Uncles.com portfolio,” stated Harold Hofer, CEO of Rich-Uncles.com.  “Current cash flow from this investment will exceed 9%; and including the annual principal paid on the property’s mortgage, the current yield is roughly 11%.  Our 7.5% annual dividend payable to our shareholders will continue unabated.”
The Crossings is a contemporary, fully leased shopping center anchored by Safeway and Rite Aid.  Chase Bank occupies a separate street-fronting building within The Crossings.  Antioch has over 100,000 residents and is part of Contra Costa County in the “East Bay” region of the San Francisco Bay Area.
Rich-Uncles.com offers real estate equity investments in the form of a Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT) to smaller, non-accredited investors via its innovative Crowdfunding web site.  “We are the only Real Estate Crowdfunding platform exclusively dedicated to non-millionaire Americans.  Rich-Uncles.com provides commercial real estate investment access to the true Crowd - the tens of millions of Americans who have been historically shut out from participating in real estate investing,” explained Hofer.
About Rich-Uncles.com
Rich-Uncles.com is a division of Nexregen, LLC. Nexregen is the Advisor to Nexregen Real Estate Investment Trust I, a REIT whose shares are available for sale to the public in the State of California via the Rich-Uncles.com real estate Crowdfunding platform, pursuant to a Permit issued by the California Department of Business Oversight. Within the United States, a prospective Nexregen REIT I investor must be a resident of the State of California and either earn $75,000 per year or have a net worth of $250,000 (excluding primary residence). Shares in Nexregen REIT I sold outside of the United States are subject to foreign securities laws.
Rich-Uncles.com believes that it is the largest on-line Crowdfunding platform exclusively marketing real estate investment interests to smaller, non-accredited investors.
Rich-Uncles.com – Real Estate Investing for the Rest of Us



Share article on socal media or email:










View article via:
											Pdf
										
											Print
										






Contact Author

Howard Makler
Rich-Uncles +1 (714) 309-1600
				Email >
			
@RichUnclessince: 07/2014
				Follow >
			
Rich-Unclessince: 11/2013
				Like >
			
Rich-Uncles


									Visit website
								




News Center


