    Kevin Riley | Product Creation Labs | ZoomInfo.com


Kevin C Riley - Eagle, NE | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Kevin C Riley in Eagle, NE


Kevin C Riley

                                                                           Intelius found that Kevin C Riley  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Eagle, NE.  We have connected them to
                6 addresses,
                3 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Kevin C Riley is in his 50s

Kevin Has Lived In

Eagle, NE
Lincoln, NE

Kevin's Relatives

Rose Pinkman
Hannah Fleck
Anne Riley
Michael Fleck







Kevin C Riley



Zodiac SignAquarius



GenderMale



Professional Status
Associate at Davis Design



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Kevin? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Kevin, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Kevin C Riley
Get a Criminal Check on Kevin C Riley
Get a Public Record Report on Kevin C Riley
Get a People Search Report on Kevin C Riley


Kevin C Riley's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Kevin C Riley has lived as well as Kevin C Riley's phone numbers and email addresses.




Kevin C Riley Has Lived in 1 States
Nebraska Address for Kevin C Riley


1322 S**** L* 

Eagle, NE


Has Lived In

Eagle, NE
Lincoln, NE


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Kevin C Riley

(402) ***-**** - Lincoln, NE 
(402) ***-**** - Lincoln, NE 
(402) ***-**** - Lincoln, NE 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Kevin C Riley



Get Email Report




Kevin C Riley's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Kevin C Riley's academic history.  Find out which schools Kevin C Riley attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Kevin C Riley received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Kevin C Riley Has Attended 4 Schools
Lincoln East 
Southeast Community College               1986 – 1987                              
Southeast Community College               1986 – 1987                              
University of Nebraska-Lincoln               1983 – 1986                              


Kevin C Riley's Professional Information
Information regarding Kevin C Riley's professional history.  Find out previous places Kevin C Riley has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Kevin C Riley Has Worked at 5 Places
Company: Davis Design
               Title: Associate
Company: AIA Nebraska
               Title: Associate Director
Kevin C Riley's Experience
Title: Associate
               Company: Davis Design
Job Details

Title: Associate Director
               Company: AIA Nebraska
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Kevin C Riley

 See Kevin C Riley's LinkedIn Profile



Kevin C Riley's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Kevin C Riley


Kevin C Riley's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Kevin C Riley's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Kevin Riley
Username Matches

                  KevinRiley
                  RileyKevin
                  Kevin.Riley
                  Riley.Kevin
                  Kevin_Riley
                  Riley_Kevin
                  Kevin-Riley
                  Riley-Kevin
                  KRiley
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
K Riley







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.




















Kevin Riley











The worlds largest manufacturer of quality ice fishing tackle. Period.







ProductsPro TipsVideosAboutCustomer ServiceContact UsHome




Products

Product Search




Pro TipsOur ProsDennis FosterTom Gruenwald"Big" Jim McLaughlinAndrew SmithDave YoungWil WegmanChad M. MeyerPaul TawczynskiNorm SmithDavid ChongKevin RileyNeal HughesLacey Hill-KasternAron KasternZach BurgessBrian KosheninaKeep Your Tip-up Line Spooled Tightly and EvenlyAlways Check Ice Thickness Before Venturing OutSafety First, Always wear Safety Cleats!Try Wind Tip-ups!Try Micro Systems For Panfish!Don't be Afraid to Experiment with Lighter LineFishing Big BaitsSpooling LineFlag VisibilityWrapping Up Your Tip-ups at the End of the DayTip-Up MarkersHeavy Snow ConditionsOff Season Tip-up StorageFishing in Windy Conditions



Kevin Riley
Kevin Riley 51 years old, I live in Glen Spey, NY located in Sullivan County. I have been a New York State Licensed fishing guide #3100 since 1998. I am the Owner/Operater of Reel'Em In Guide Service offering Driftboat fishing and Ice Fishing outings. I have been participating in competitive Ice fishing tournaments since 2005. I have fished the Trap Attack, NAIFC, and Mid-West Open Tournament trails. One of my proudest tournament accomplishments was winning the 2007 North American Ice Fishing Championship on Lake Henry/Agnes in Alexandria MN. I look forward to competing in Knutsons 2015 Mid-West Open(with Dave Young), Champlain Valley Hardwater, and Northeast Panfish League tournament trails this season. My favorite rod is an HT Ice Blue Professional IBP-26 UL Ultralight action rod with 2 # test line. My favorite jig is a HT Marmooska Tungsten Diamond Jig MJDIB-12A tipped with Maki-Plastic or a Wax worm. My Favorite sports team is the New York Yankees My hobbies are collecting Vinyl Records and Vintage Bottles. My passion is talking, teaching, and participating in anything regarding the sport of Icefishing!








Products
Pro Tips
Videos
About Us
Customer Service
Warranty
Contact





          P.O. BOX 909 CAMPBELLSPORT, WI 53010
          
            © 2017 HT Enterprises, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          
        
Site developed by BrownBoots Interactive, Inc.



















DGII Kevin C. Riley Insider Trades for Digi International Inc.


































X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Amazon tagged with 3.5% loss early Friday, pacing consumer-discretionary skid »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Digi International Inc.

                  NASDAQ: DGII
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Digi International Inc.



Market open
 --Real time quotes
Jul 28, 2017, 9:54 a.m.


DGII

/quotes/zigman/71053/composite


$
10.00




Change

-0.05
-0.50%

Volume
Volume 5,522
Real time quotes








/quotes/zigman/71053/composite
Previous close

$
			10.05
		


$
				10.00
			
Change

-0.05
-0.50%





Day low
Day high
$9.95
$10.05










52 week low
52 week high

            $9.00
        

            $14.15
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Kevin C. Riley



Mr. Kevin C. Riley is Chief Operating Officer at Digi International, Inc.
Mr. Riley was previously employed as Senior Vice President & General Manager-Americas by Infor Global Solutions, Inc.
He received his undergraduate degree from Old Dominion University.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





01/16/2017
2,918


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $13.6 per share.


39,685


11/28/2016
2,364


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $13.5 per share.


31,914


11/21/2016
13,369


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/13/2016
20,000


 
Disposition at $11.16 per share.


223,200


05/13/2016
20,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $9.59 per share.


191,800


01/20/2016
2,918


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $10.47 per share.


30,552


12/03/2015
1,328


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $12.6 per share.


16,733


11/19/2015
11,876


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/20/2014
16,250


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/04/2014
2,180


 
Acquisition at $7.88 per share.


17,178


05/28/2014
22,500


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Ronald E. Konezny 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Kevin C. Riley 
Chief Operating Officer




Mr. Michael C. Goergen 
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Senior VP




Mr. Joel K. Young 
Chief Technical Officer & Senior VP-Research




Mr. Jon A. Nyland 
Vice President-Manufacturing Operations




Ms. Tracy L. Roberts 
Vice President-Talent & Information Technology




Mr. Curt  Ahart 
Vice President-Cellular Product Management




Mr. Michael  Ueland 
Senior Vice President-Global Sales




Mr. Frederic  Luu 
Vice President-EMEA Sales & Marketing




Ms. Brenda L. Mueller 
Controller




Mr. David H. Sampsell 
Secretary, Vice President & General Counsel




Mr. William N. Priesmeyer 
Non-Executive Chairman




Dr. Satbir  Khanuja 
Independent Non-Employee Director




Mr. Girish D.  Rishi 
Independent Non-Employee Director




Mr. Ahmed  Nawaz 
Lead Independent Non-Employee Director




Mr. Spiro C. Lazarakis 
Independent Non-Employee Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




9:57 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:55aThis type of investing could save the world — just don’t expect outperformance, too
9:54aThese tips can help advisers attract — and keep — high net worth clients
9:54aA menacing pattern has revealed itself in the stock market
9:53aTeaching people how to invest is one of the best marketing moves an adviser can make
9:45aA case for buying the freakin’ dip with Amazon, as the Mooch might now say
9:43aConsumer-discretionary sector slides as Amazon shares drop on results
9:42aShares of newspaper publisher McClatchy are up more than 2%
9:42a5 cities where you can buy a HUGE house for $100,000 or less
9:42aHow advisers can fight the ‘crisis of trust’ in financial services
9:38aBREAKINGStock market opens lower as Wall Street resumes tech selling
9:38aDestination Maternity plummets toward record low after merger deal terminated
9:38aThis is how Congress could craft a bipartisan health-care bill
9:36aMeet the ‘Hamilton’ actors who fly cross-country and play up to 18 roles in the hit show
9:34aTrump’s time—and political capital—is quickly running out
9:33aConsumer Discretionary Select Sector SPDR ETF falls 1% as Amazon.com sinks 4.1%
9:31aDow Jones Industrial Average opens less than 0.1% lower
9:31aS&P 500 opens down 0.2%
9:31aNasdaq Composite Index opens down 0.6%
9:30aU.S. stocks open lower as tech, consumer discretionary shares fall
9:24aDollar turns lower for the week following GDP report
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,765.22

-31.33
-0.14%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,359.05

-23.14
-0.36%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,468.72

-6.70
-0.27%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



























































Axiom Resource Management, Inc. » About







































Services
Careers
Contact





facebook
twitter


linkedin





















Managing Partners























Kevin C. Riley
Managing Partner
Kevin C. Riley is one of three managing partners at Axiom Resource Management, Incorporated.
Axiom is a professional consulting firm providing program management, operational support, disability and accessibility services, instructional design and training, and information technology solutions. Axiom's clients include the departments of Agriculture, Defense, Education, Health and Human Services, Labor, State, and Veterans Affairs.
Kevin's career spans more than 30 years, specializing in establishing and developing small businesses and taking them through a rapid growth phase. His areas of management expertise include operations, marketing, and finance.
Kevin has helped companies expand in a variety of sectors such as software development and engineering, military intelligence, chemical and scientific products distribution, management consulting, and architecture and construction management. He has been a partner in nine successful government contracting firms, utilizing his expertise in growing companies from the ground up and his expert knowledge of federal contracting. He has served as Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Marketing Officer, and Chief Financial Officer for these various companies.
Kevin is a past contributing editor of "Set Aside Alert". He has also been published numerous times, writing articles on federal procurement law, proposal writing, accounting standards, and contract and project management. Kevin also teaches seminars on selling to the federal government.
Kevin has a Master of Business Administration degree from Marymount University and a Bachelor of Science in Economics from the University of Minnesota.


































About - Kevin C. Riley Illustration & Design - Custom Web Design, Graphics, Print, Logos & Illustration

































































 

 Award winning web design in Fairfield, Iowa!  Surprised?  


GplusFacebookLinkedinRss 






AboutTHE WORK PART
I am a designer. I design for the web, for print, for store shelves, table tops, labels, billboards, logo and identity design. It feels great to give someone the tools they need to promote and grow their business more efficiently.
I work with industry leaders in Retail, Marketing, Advertising, User Experience, Product Development and packaging. I also work for small local businesses. I aim to exceed all client expectations with every project.
A LITTLE HISTORY
I graduated from San Jose State University with a degree in Graphic Design (Illustration Emphasis). I pursued mixed media illustration while secretly developing a love affair with my Apple computer.
In 1998, I began working for Adobe, where I created original sample art that shipped with Adobe Photoshop 5.0, Illustrator 8.0, and ImageReady. I assisted in developing new features for these programs while creating artwork and marketing materials for Demo’s, Tutorials, Brochures, and Web.
I am a classically trained artist with extensive experience in graphic and UX design. I have the ability to anticipate and encapsulate the needs of my clients. I “get” what clients need and I enjoy making it happen.
I currently work as a Freelance Graphic & Web Designer in Fairfield, Iowa.
Awards
My websites have received two outstanding website awards from the Web Marketing Association. One of those awards was for a site I designed for Black & Decker promoting a new product.
Partial List of Clients Adobe Systems 
The Learning Company 
Human Factors International 
Hawthorne Direct 
Global ID
 Food Chain ID 
GeoVision Software Inc.
 New York Public Library
 Sears 
Spiegel 
Black & Decker 
Ross-Simons
Fairfield CoLab
Creative Edge Mastershop
French-Reneker Associates
Tool Keepers
 Pericom Semiconductor 
Colored Horse Studios
 Fairfield Art Association 
Natel  Boadband
Lisco Internet Services 
Cafe Paradiso 

See portfolio for examples of my work


SkillsWordPress Design
Logo Design
Brand Identity Design
Art Direction
Graphic Design
Web Design & Development
Interface Design
App UI Design
Wordpress Dev / CMS (content management system)
Illustration
Photography
Marketing
Brainstorming, Color Scheming, Naming, Sketching



Products / MediaWebsites
Logos
Ads & Promotions
Signs / Posters / Flyers
Banners
Icons
Products & Packaging
Letterhead, Business Cards, Stationery
CD Art
Illustrations


I maintain sanity by balancing my on-device time with more physical challenges:
Sustainable Installation & building
Rocket Stoves
Garden Structures
Soil Building
Chainsaws
Motorcycles

   

You Like It? This site is mine but it could have just as easily been yours. Contact Me to Discuss Yours

Riley Designs I'm currently located in Fairfield, IA
(inside the Fairfield Colab)
107.5 S Main St, Fairfield, Iowa 52556
Phone:  (641) 919-4623

Inspiration If it's not awesome, it's just not done yet!
–Kevin Riley


























Scroll to top





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Kevin.C Riley - IoT Now - How to run an IoT enabled business



















































About IoT Now
Our Authors
Our Editorial Advisors
Contact Us
 




Log in
Register




























Twitter Google+ Linkedin You Tube











You are here:

Home
Posts tagged 'Kevin.C Riley ' 




News tagged: Kevin.C Riley





28 June, 2016


Digi International key supplier of world’s first zero emission capable London taxi from Frazer-Nash
Digi International® has highlighted its role in the development of Ecotive’s Range Extended Electric (REE) Metrocab taxi -the only zero-emissions-capable black cab currently operating in London. (more…)




12 February, 2016


Ease of Use and Mobile First are at the heart of Digi’s new M2M strategy
With IoT Now granted sole access to Digi’s normally closed customer conference, we ask the CEO and COO their strategy for growing an M2M hardware provider. In Part 2 of Jeremy Cowan’s report the new emphasis is on service and scalability. (more…)




31 January, 2013


Digi International appoints new senior vice president of sales
Digi International has appointed Kevin C. Riley to the position of senior vice president of sales (more…)






Not many results for this tag?
Please try a search?


Search for:



 










 

 

 

  

 



 

 
        
    



IoT Now digital edition 





In the latest issue



Aeris’ Syed Hosain tells IoT Now why IoT offerings should be secured at the design stage instead of attempting to add security to systems once they’re in deployment
George Malim accepts that total security can’t be achieved but goes in search of the balance between risks, costs and liabilities
IoT Now publishes it’s first Enterprise Buyer’s Guide which explores how to select the right IoT platform for your deployment














IoT Videos





AT&T – From Concept to Creation: Importance of Developers in the IoT Landscape
20 October, 2016 by  IoT Now Magazine 


The Highlights from M2M/IoT Forum CE 2017
5G? Do me a favour!
M2M Summit 2016 wrapped up



IoT Now Sections



Blogs
IoT Events
IoT Now Magazine
IoT News
Videos
Reports
Hot List
Contributors






 




 




The latest headlines:
Four myths about mobile data clearing to beware ofHow to plan your ICS cybersecurity incident response 

















Close

Enter the site



Login



Password





Remember me



Forgot password?



Login








 



























