










capefund.ca - H. Sanford Riley, C.M.
























Home
EnglishFrançais













About CAPE FundMissionBackgroundOpportunityPress ReleasesContact usInvestment StrategyTeamInvestment committeeThe Right Honourable Paul MartinDavid MartinRobert (Bob) DicksonRichard DufresneH. Sanford Riley, C.M.David TuccaroManagement teamPeter FortonAlex FarleyInvestorsInvestments









							   		H. Sanford Riley, C.M.           			

 

 

 





Sanford Riley was born in Montreal and attended high school in Toronto and Winnipeg.  He is a graduate of Queen’s University in Political Science and Osgoode Hall Law School.  Mr. Riley began his law career in Toronto in 1975 and went on to serve as a partner in the Winnipeg law firm of Taylor McCaffrey.In 1985, Mr. Riley left the practice of law and began a career in the financial services industry by joining the Toronto-based Great Lakes Group.  He later became Executive Vice-President and Chief Operating Officer of Trilon Financial Corporation. In 1992 Mr. Riley became President and Chief Executive Officer of Investors Group, Canada’s largest distributor of mutual funds, diversified financial products and financial planning services.  In May, 2001, after 9 consecutive years of record growth, Mr. Riley was appointed Chairman with the responsibility for leading the transition process following Investors Group $4.0 billion acquisition of Mackenzie Financial Corporation.  He retired as Chairman in April, 2002 and as a director in April, 2003.In May, 2003 Mr. Riley established Richardson Financial Group Limited in partnership with James Richardson & Sons, Limited.  He serves as President and Chief Executive Officer of that Firm. Richardson Financial Group has built two very successful financial services businesses over the past several years.  Richardson Partners Financial, of which Mr. Riley serves as Chairman, is a family wealth management firm with over $6 billion in client assets.  Richardson Capital, of which Mr. Riley is a Managing Director, is a private equity investment firm with over $1 billion of available capital for investment in Canadian private businesses.  Mr. Riley presently is Chancellor of the University of Winnipeg, Chairman of the University of Winnipeg Foundation, and is a member of several corporate boards of directors, including, Molson Coors Brewing Company and  The North West Company.  Mr. Riley was appointed to the Order of Canada in July, 2002.Mr. Riley and his wife Deborah have three children. 


 


TeamInvestment committeeThe Right Honourable Paul MartinDavid MartinRobert (Bob) DicksonRichard DufresneH. Sanford Riley, C.M.David TuccaroManagement TeamPeter FortonAlex Farley

























H. Sanford Riley - Wikipedia





















 






H. Sanford Riley

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

H. Sanford ("Sandy") Riley CM OM, LLD, JD, (born 1951) is a Canadian lawyer and business leader who has sat as a director on numerous boards and was the Chancellor of the University of Winnipeg.[1]
From 2001 to 2003 Riley was Chairman of the Board for Investors Group. He is the CEO and president of Richardson Financial Group, a company he founded in 2003 with James Richardson & Sons, which is a one-third owner of a family wealth management firm of over twenty-seven billion dollars in assets. Some of the organizations he is a director of include the Fraser Institute, the Canada West Foundation and Allstream Inc.[1] Additionally, he was Chairman of the Board for the 1999 Pan American Games held in Winnipeg.[2]
The University of Winnipeg granted Riley, who served as its sixth chancellor from 2000 to 2009 and established a fellowship for lectures in Canadian history there, an honorary doctor of laws in 2016.[3] He was appointed to the Order of Canada in 2002 and the Order of Manitoba in 2013.[2] In 2016 Riley became a member of the Advisory Council to the Order of Canada.[4]
Personal life[edit]
Riley was born in Montreal. After earning an undergraduate degree at Queen's University, he earned his law degree at Osgoode Hall Law School and practiced law in Toronto and Winnipeg prior to going into business leadership. A sailor since he was young, he was a member of the Canadian National Sailing Team and competed in the 1976 Olympics. Riley and his wife Deborah have three children and five grandchildren.[5]
References[edit]



^ a b "H. Sanford Riley CM, OM, LLD, J.D.: Executive Profile & Biography - Businessweek". 
^ a b "H. Sanford Riley - Canada West Foundation". 
^ "H. Sanford Riley - Awards and Distinctions , The University of Winnipeg". 
^ General, The Office of the Secretary to the Governor. "The Governor General of Canada". 
^ "chancellor - The University Of Winnipeg". 



External links[edit]

https://www.uwinnipeg.ca/awards-distinctions/honorary-doctorate/riley.html
http://www.capefund.ca/en/team/h-sanford-riley-cm.html
http://olympic.ca/team-canada/sanford-riley/
http://www.uwinnipeg.ca/index/release-sanfordriley





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=H._Sanford_Riley&oldid=769052281"					
Categories: 1951 birthsLiving peopleMembers of the Order of CanadaMembers of the Order of ManitobaCanadian lawyersCanadian businesspeopleOlympic competitors for CanadaOsgoode Hall Law School alumniQueen's University alumni 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 7 March 2017, at 08:37.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








H. Sanford Riley CM, OM, LLD, J.D.: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 1:12 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Richardson Financial Group Limited



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
H. Sanford Riley CM, OM, LLD, J.D.Chief Executive Officer and President, Richardson Financial Group LimitedAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 9 Board Members in 9 different organizations across 15 different industries.See Board Relationships66--
Background

		Mr. H. Sanford Riley, also known as Sandy, CM, OM, LLD, J.D., has been the Chief Executive Officer and President of Richardson Financial Group Limited since 2003. Mr. Riley serves as the Managing Director of Richardson Capital Limited. He served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Investors Group, Inc. from 1992 to 2001. He serves as the Chairman of Richardson Partners Financial Holdings Limited and Manitoba Hydro-Electric Board. He served as the Chairman ... of The North West Company, Inc. since June 2008 and served as its Independent Director since 2003. He served as the Chairman of Richardson Partners Financial Limited. He served as the Chairman of Investors Group Inc. from 2001 to 2003. He has been a Director of London Insurance Group Inc. and Molson Coors Brewing Company since February 2005. He has been an Independent Director of Manitoba Telecom Services, Inc. since May 4, 2011 and Canadian Western Bank since March 3, 2011. He has been Corporate Director of Molson Inc. since June 29, 1999. He serves as a Director of Fraser Institute and Allstream Inc. He serves as a Director of CentreVenture Development Corp. and James Richardson & Sons affiliated companies. He served as an Independent Director at GMP Capital Inc. from November 2009 to April 28, 2017. He serves as the Chancellor of the University of Winnipeg. He served as a Director of IGM Financial Inc., The Great-West Life Assurance Company since November 26, 1997 and Great-West Lifeco Inc. since November 1997. He served as a Director of Winnipeg Airports Authority Inc. since February 2011. He serves as a Member of Investment Committee at Capital for Aboriginal Prosperity and Entrepreneurship and serves as a Director of the Canada West Foundation, the Manitoba Business Council and Canada's National History Society. He was appointed as a Member of the Order of Canada in 2002. He served as Chairman of the Manitoba Business Council. He served as the Chancellor of the University of Winnipeg and Chairman of University of Winnipeg Foundation. He obtained a B.A. from Queen's University and an LL.B Degree from Osgoode Hall Law School.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
3100 One Lombard PlaceWinnipeg, Manitoba R3B0H3CanadaPhone: --Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorAllstream Inc.DirectorLondon Insurance Group Inc.ChairmanManitoba Hydro-Electric BoardDirectorFraser InstituteDirectorCentreVenture Development Corp.2003-PresentIndependent ChairmanThe North West Company Inc.2005-PresentIndependent DirectorMolson Coors Brewing Company2011-PresentIndependent DirectorBell MTS Inc.2011-PresentIndependent DirectorCanadian Western Bank
Education
BA Queen's UniversityLLB Osgoode Hall Law School
Other Affiliations
Molson Coors Brewing CompanyAllstream Inc.IGM Financial Inc.Bell MTS Inc.Molson Inc.London Insurance Group Inc.The Great-West Life Assurance CompanyManitoba Hydro-Electric BoardGreat-West Lifeco Inc.Canadian Western BankThe North West Company Inc.Queen's UniversityThe North West Company, Inc.Osgoode Hall Law SchoolWinnipeg Airports Authority Inc.Fraser InstituteGMP Capital Inc.Richardson Capital LimitedRichardson Partners Financial LimitedCentreVenture Development Corp.Capital for Aboriginal Prosperity and Entrepreneurship


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Richardson Financial Group Limited, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


































                    H. Sanford Riley  | 
                                      Awards and Distinctions 
        , The University of Winnipeg
























University of Winnipeg Search
















    You are here:
The University of Winnipeg /
Awards and Distinctions /
Honorary Doctorate /
            H. Sanford Riley
    

            H. Sanford Riley
    
Honorary Doctorate


The University of Winnipeg is proud to present H. Sanford Riley with an Honorary Doctor of Laws in recognition of his service with great distinction to the University as its Sixth Chancellor and for his consistent contributions to our campus and our community. Riley has served as UWinnipeg Chancellor for nine years, during which time the University has shown remarkable growth and development as a campus.

Founding Chairperson
 He was appointed the founding Chairperson of The University of Winnipeg Foundation Board of Directors. During his time as Chair, a $70-million capital campaign has been launched and is now well underway. He also presently serves as a director on a number of boards, including Molson Coors Brewing Company and The Canada West Foundation, and he is the Chairperson of The North West Company Board of Directors.


Riley is the President & CEO of Richardson Financial Group Limited. He has served in this capacity since May 2003, following his career as Chairperson of the Board for Investors Group and subsequent to the nine-year period where he served as Investors Group President and Chief Executive Officer. His past and present involvement in community activities is extensive. His many roles have included that of Chairperson of the United Way Campaign in Winnipeg and Chairperson of the Manitoba Sports Federation. He served as Chairperson of the Board for the highly successful Pan American Games held in Winnipeg in 1999. He was also the Chairperson of the Business Council of Manitoba.


Commitment to UWinnipeg
 Riley's commitment to UWinnipeg has also been personal, as he made a generous donation to the school to establish a new fellowship fund. The H. Sanford Riley Fellowships in Canadian History are designed to initiate dynamic relations between the University and the country's top historians. The fellowships will enable these historians to visit the University to undertake research projects, conduct academic seminars and offer public lectures on the history of Canada. Each fellow will be invited to deliver a Distinguished Lecture to the community and to develop an interest in Canadian history among high school students.





Awards and Distinctions

Home
2016 Call for Nominations
The Campus Sustainability Recognition Award
Clarence Atchison Award for Excellence in Community Service
Clifford J. Robson Memorial Award for Excellence in Teaching
Duff Roblin Award
Distinguished Alumni Award
Erica and Arnold Rogers Award for Excellence in Research and Scholarship
Faculty of Business and Economics Chartered Accountants of Manitoba Excellence in Teaching Award
Fellowship in United College & The University of Winnipeg
Honorary Doctorate
Marsha Hanen Award for Excellence in Creating Community Awareness
Professor Emeritus
Robin H. Farquhar Award for Excellence in Contributing to Self-Governance
Stars of Spence Street Prize
100th Convocation Awards






































Member: H. Sanford Riley | C.D. Howe Institute
































Skip to main content








About the C.D. Howe Institute
The C.D. Howe Institute is an independent not-for-profit research institute whose mission is to raise living standards by fostering economically sound public policies. Widely considered to be Canada's most influential think tank, the Institute is a trusted source of essential policy intelligence, distinguished by research that is nonpartisan, evidence-based and subject to definitive expert review.




Get the App

 




 














Toggle navigation










 


Home
H. Sanford Riley
 
H. Sanford Riley



Share






 


-A A +A 
 





            Submitted by admin on Mon, 08/17/2015 - 07:09    

Type: IndividualsFirst Name: H. SanfordLast Name: Riley 


 


Connect with Us







Go Top


 

 


Peer-Reviewed Research
Business Cycle
Demographics and Immigration
Education, Skills and Labour Market
Energy and Natural Resources
Financial Services and Regulation
Fiscal and Tax Policy
Health Policy
Industry Regulation and Competition Policy
Innovation and Business Growth
Monetary Policy
Public Governance and Accountability
Public Investments and Infrastructure
Retirement Saving and Income
Trade and International Policy 
 
 


POLICY COUNCILS
Business Cycle Council
Competition Policy Council
Energy Policy Council
Financial Services Research Initiative
Fiscal & Tax Competitiveness Council
Health Policy Council
Human Capital Policy Council
International Economic Policy Council
Monetary Policy Council
National Council
Pension Policy Council
 
 


INSIGHTS AND OPINIONS
Intelligence Memos Blog
Op-Eds
Videos
Podcasts
Council Reports
Speeches and Presentations
 
 


 
 


            
    © 2014 C.D. Howe Institute. All Rights Reserved.  
 


Footer menu
Contact us
Employment
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
 
 






Get the App
 
 


Graphic Intelligence


 View All 



  
 The Pinocchio Index 2017: Which Canadian Governments Overshot Their Spending Targets?  

 
 


Viewpoint


 View All 



 Ben Dachis - Airport Overhaul Readying for Takeoff 
 From: Benjamin Dachis
To: Marc Garneau, Minister of Transport and Bill Morneau, Minister of Finance
Date: July 21, 2017
Re: Airport Overhaul Readying  

 
 


Testimonial


 View All 






 The C.D. Howe Institute delivers high-quality, rigorously-reviewed policy research that is always forward looking and focused on building a prosperous Canada.
 
 Kevin Milligan 
— Professor, Vancouver School of Economics, University of British Columbia 
  



 [The C.D. Howe Institite has] a deep intellectual grounding to its public-policy approach.
 
 Report on Business
— The Globe and Mail 
  



 The C.D. Howe Institute is the best common room in the country.
 
 David Dodge
— Former Governor, Bank of Canada 
  



 I congratulate the C.D. Howe Institute for focusing on the fiscal accountability of all governments in Canada.
 
 Bob Rae
— Former Federal Leader of the Liberal Party and former Premier of Ontario 
  



 Bravo and thank you to the C.D. Howe Institute and to its members for a half-century of work to improve the quality of life of all Canadians!
 
 Jean Charest
— Former Premier of Québec 
  



 The C.D. Howe Institute's work is invaluable to the nation
 
 Rt. Hon. Stephen Harper
— Former Prime Minister of Canada 
  



 Advice from the C.D. Howe Institute is always insightful and relevant.
 
 Greg Sorbara 
— Former Minister of Finance, Ontario 
  



 The C.D. Howe Institute was very instrumental in making sure that Canada took the right direction at times when there were challenges facing the country.
 
 Monique Jérôme-Forget
— Former Minister of Finance, Québec 
  



 The C.D. Howe Institute has an excellent reputation among academics and policymakers in Canada and around the world.
 
 Leonard Waverman
— Dean, DeGroote School of Business 
  



 C.D. Howe is of course well known as one of Canada’s foremost economic think tanks.
 
 Evan Siddall
— President & CEO, Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation 
  





 
 


Donate to the Institute 
 


Get C.D. Howe Updates



First Name
Last Name
Email
City
Company Name
Your Field
--None--
Academic
Corporate
Institutional/Government
Other

Type

--None--
Contact Us - General
Contact Us - Media
Contact Us - Membership
Get C.D. Howe Updates

Subject
Contact Name
All Research Areas
Business Cycle
Electronic Communications
Demographics and Immigration
Education, Skills and Labour Market
Energy and Natural Resources
Financial Services and Regulation
Fiscal and Tax Policy
Health Policy
Industry Regulation and Competition Policy
Innovation and Business Growth
Monetary Policy
Public Investments and Infrastructure
Retirement Saving and Income
Trade and International Policy
Public Governance and Accountability

I consent to receive C.D. Howe Institute communications.


 
 


C.D. Howe on Twitter
Tweets by C.D. Howe Institute 
 

 




Connect with Us







Go Top


 

 


Peer-Reviewed Research
Business Cycle
Demographics and Immigration
Education, Skills and Labour Market
Energy and Natural Resources
Financial Services and Regulation
Fiscal and Tax Policy
Health Policy
Industry Regulation and Competition Policy
Innovation and Business Growth
Monetary Policy
Public Governance and Accountability
Public Investments and Infrastructure
Retirement Saving and Income
Trade and International Policy 
 
 


POLICY COUNCILS
Business Cycle Council
Competition Policy Council
Energy Policy Council
Financial Services Research Initiative
Fiscal & Tax Competitiveness Council
Health Policy Council
Human Capital Policy Council
International Economic Policy Council
Monetary Policy Council
National Council
Pension Policy Council
 
 


INSIGHTS AND OPINIONS
Intelligence Memos Blog
Op-Eds
Videos
Podcasts
Council Reports
Speeches and Presentations
 
 


 
 


            
    © 2014 C.D. Howe Institute. All Rights Reserved.  
 


Footer menu
Contact us
Employment
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
 
 


































H. Sanford Riley - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















H. Sanford Riley
Board Member at Molson Coors Brewing Company


View Full Profile
Are you H. Sanford Riley? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view H. Sanford Riley's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in H. Sanford Riley's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in H. Sanford Riley's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with H. Sanford Riley through your network of contacts.
												








H. Sanford Riley's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Molson Coors Brewing Company


Chairman of the Board, 
The North West Company Inc.


Board Member, 
Canadian Western Bank


Past
To view H. Sanford Riley's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.A., 
															Queen's University


														 J.D., 
															Osgoode Hall Law School 


Age
66

 
 


H. Sanford Riley's Biography




			Mr. Riley was appointed Chairman of North West in June, 2008. Mr. Riley has been President and CEO of Richardson Financial Group Limited since 2003. He held the positions of Chairman of Investors Group Inc. from 2001 to 2002, and President and CEO of Investors Group Inc. from 1992 to 2001. He is a former director of GMP Capital Inc. and Manitoba Telecom Services Inc. In addition to the public company directorships set out below, Mr. Riley is the Chairman of the University of Winnipeg Foundation. Mr. Riley was appointed to the Order of Canada in July, 2002.
		
Source: The North West Company Inc. on 04/05/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view H. Sanford Riley's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like H. Sanford Riley. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in H. Sanford Riley's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in H. Sanford Riley's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with H. Sanford Riley through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: H. Sanford Riley


















H. Sanford Riley's Connections (163)





Sign up now to view H. Sanford Riley's 163 connections »









Jay Wells
Chief Financial Officer, Cott Corporation









Roger G. Eaton
Chief Executive Officer,  KFC Division, Yum! Brands, Inc.









Gavin D. Hattersley
Former Pres&CEO, MillerCoors LLC, Molson Coors Brewing Company









Peter H. Coors
Chief Customer Relations Officer and Vice Chairman of the Board, Molson Coors Brewing Company









Peter S. Swinburn
Board Member, Express, Inc.









Carol M. Stephenson
Board Member, General Motors Company









Krishnan Anand
President and Chief Executive Officer, Molson Coors International, Molson Coors Brewing Company









Franklin W. Hobbs
Board Member, Molson Coors Brewing Company









Louis Vachon
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, National Bank of Canada









Robert L. Phillips
Board Member, Canadian National Railway 








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993

















H. Sanford Riley - École Secondaire Kelvin High School History







































    Kelvin History Website
  


Home

Gallery


Hall of Fame


Hall of Remembrance


About Us

Comment Board

 







Follow us on Instagram









Home

Gallery

Gallery Sections

Kelvin Decades

1912+
1920+
1930+
1940+
1950+
1960+
1970+
1980+
1990+
2000+
2010+



Photo Albums

Historical ArtifactsKelvin History ClubStudent Art 


Video Albums

First World War PresentationsSecond World War PresentationsHistory of Kelvin High SchoolKelvin 100 Reunion 2012Oral History 




Hall of Fame

Kelvin Alumni
Athletes
Artists
Entrepreneurs and Bankers
Intellectuals and Educators
Politicians, Lawyers, and Civil Servants
Writers and Journalists



Hall of Remembrance

Kelvin Soldiers
World War I
World War II
Cemetery Maps
World I
World War II
World War I and II



School History

Kelvin High School
Oral History
Teachers and Principals
Kelvin History Club
About Us



Comment Board









Hall of Fame
Biography








Are there any changes we should make?
Note that the Kelvin History website is a newly innovated addition to our school's many historical memorabilias. With the hundreds of biographies already added by a group of dedicated students we are not always opportuned to receive information that would better benefit our alumni biographies. If by chance you feel as though you have some missing details on any particular alumni then we will graciously accept to hear about them from you personally!

Suggest a Change

You can share this article with your friends!
Although we are all about history we do still strongly encourage the use of social networking. If you ever come across an individual or biography you or your friends may find interesting then feel free to share!






Tweet




 
Date of Birth: 1951Graduation: 1968H. Sanford RileyH. Sanford Riley is one of Canada’s most successful businessmen. He completed a Political Science and History degree from Queen’s University and a Law degree from York University. In 1975, he began his law career in Toronto but returned to Winnipeg to become a partner for the firm Taylor McCaffrey. In this era, he was also one of the country’s best rowers competing with team Canada from 1972-1983. In 1976, the year he qualified for the Olympics in Montreal, Riley also made history by becoming the first Canadian to win the U.S. national Finn championship. By 1985, with his competitive rowing days over, Riley changed professions and started working in the financial services industry for the Toronto-based Great Lakes Group. In 1992, he was appointed the President and Chief Executive Officer of Investors Group, a company he led to nine consecutive years of record profits (1992-2001). After leaving Investors, Riley co-founded Richardson Financial Group Limited (2003) where he serves as the President and CEO. From 2000-2009, Riley also worked as the Chancellor of the University of Winnipeg where he helped raise an unprecedented $135 million for new university infrastructure. Furthermore, through his generous donation to the university, Riley has established the H.Sanford Riley fellowships in Canadian history. Over his career, he has sat on several boards and held many positions including being the past President of the Manitoba Sports Federation (1983-1995) and the former Chair of Winnipeg’s Pan Am Games (1999). In 2009, Riley was inducted into the Manitoba Sports Hall of Fame and he is a Member of the Order of Canada (2002). 










 
                Contact Us

Name: 


Email: 




Message: 




Thank you for messaging Kelvin History, we will get back to you in regards to your question or statement as soon as possible.




Copyright © 2014-2016 Kelvin History. All rights reserved. » Web development by Kelvin graduate, Morgan Wowk.




 






	Board of Directors














































Client Login |   
 
  











français (Canada)




   













HomeBecome a Client

Benefits of Richardson GMPClient Experience

Best Way to Work With UsTax & Estate PlanningAccount ManagementAsset SafetyFiduciary ExcellenceOnline Account AccessMoney transfers made simpleHeritage

Successful ClientsCommunity InvolvementBoard of DirectorsFinding the Right AdvisorQuebec Immigration Investor Program

Find an AdvisorNews

Richardson GMP NewswireNews & AnnouncementsTax & Estate Planning StrategiesMarket Outlook Quarterly

Contact Us

Locate a BranchFind an Investment AdvisorCustomer SupportCareersMedia RelationsTransparent Resolution Process











&nbsp




BOARD OF DIRECTORS   The Richardson GMP Board of Directors brings together industry veterans with extensive experience across a variety of wealth management disciplines. Our Board also includes two Investment Advisors, to ensure that they bring a client perspective and a voice for all other Advisors in how we run our business.




Andrew Marsh, President & Chief Executive Officer
Richardson GMP Limited  A true entrepreneur, Andrew Marsh founded Richardson GMP, Canada’s leading independent wealth management firm, and was part of the team that built the firm from the ground up. Beginning his career in the financial industry over 25 years ago, Mr. Marsh started in investment analysis, then worked directly with clients as an investment advisor, and eventually his career moved to executive leadership with the launch of GMP Private Client in 2004. He served as Managing Director, National Sales of both GMP Private Client and Richardson GMP before being appointed as President and Chief Executive Officer of Richardson GMP in 2010. Richardson GMP has since grown a unique partnership culture and leading platform devoted to serving affluent Canadian families. Mr. Marsh raised the bar for excellence in wealth management by launching: Richardson GMP Insurance, our revered Tax and Estate Planning team, Connected Wealth’s asset management team and most recently Richardson GMP Private Family Office. In our community, Mr. Marsh is a member of the Board of Governors of his alma mater University of Guelph and is an active mentor and contributor to the University’s School of Business. He is also a member of the Canadian Advisory Board for Right to Play Canada, a charity dedicated to helping children worldwide through the power of play. Additionally, Mr. Marsh is active in the advocacy efforts in the Investment Industry Association of Canada and is a member of the Centre for Fiduciary Excellence.  






















Kevin Sullivan, BA, LL.B, CFA, Deputy Chairman, 
GMP Capital Inc.  Kevin Sullivan has been at GMP Capital Inc. since its inception, serving as President from 1996-1999 and as CEO of GMP Capital from June 1999 to September 2010. He also co-founded GMP Securities L.P.       Mr. Sullivan brings over 25 years of experience and relationships in the capital market industry. As CEO of GMP, he oversaw the creation and growth of GMP Securities L.P., GMP Securities Europe LLP and GMP Investment Management L.P. He also helped facilitate GMP’s IPO in 2003. Prior to GMP, he spent three years in the European capital market and was also a lawyer in general practice in Calgary, Alberta. 
Actively involved with a number of charities and community organizations, Mr.Sullivan has co-chaired The Ride to Conquer Cancer, Canada’s premier cycling fundraiser. He’s a past member of The Princess Margaret Hospital Foundation, and a member of the Canadian Advisory Board of Right to Play.   













 H. Sanford Riley, President & Chief Executive Officer,
Richardson Financial Group Limited  H. Sanford Riley has held the position of President and CEO of Richardson Financial Group Limited (the financial services affiliate of James Richardson & Sons, Limited) since 2003.  
Before joining Richardson Financial Group, Mr. Riley was President and CEO of Investors Group Inc., a position he held for nearly 10 years. He was appointed Chairman in 2001. Mr. Riley is Chairman of the Board of Directors of the University of Winnipeg Foundation and Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the North West Company Fund. He serves as a Director of Molson Coors Brewing Company, the Canada West Foundation, the Canadian Western Bank Group and the Winnipeg Airports Authority. 
Mr. Riley has also been involved with a number of charitable organizations, including chairing The United Way of Winnipeg Annual Campaign, the Business Council of Manitoba and the 1999 Pan American Games. He was appointed as a member of the Order of Canada in 2002.  























Harris A. Fricker, MA, Chief Executive Officer, GMP Capital Inc.  Mr. Fricker is President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of GMP. He joined GMP Securities L.P. (GMP Securities) investment banking team in 2002 and assumed the role of President of GMP Securities in July 2008 and was appointed President of GMP in May 2009. He currently also serves as Co-Chairman of GMP Securities Europe LLP (GMP Europe).  Prior to joining GMP Securities, Mr. Fricker held senior roles at several leading Canadian financial institutions, including, heading up the institutional sales & trading desk of another leading investment dealer and running the corporate debenture/derivatives group at a major Canadian bank. A former entrepreneur himself, Mr. Fricker’s depth of experience arising from over two decades in the North American capital markets combined with his acumen as an entrepreneur provides him with a unique perspective on the financial services landscape. Mr. Fricker holds a BA from Saint Francis Xavier University and a MA from Oxford University, which he attended as a Rhodes Scholar.   
























   
            Finding the right Investment Advisor 
            Choosing an Investment Advisor shouldn’t be a spur-of-the-moment choice. These guidelines can help you make an informed decision...more      


   Richardson GMP embraces fiduciary excellence We aspire to achieve the highest standards of integrity, transparency and best practices in managing the wealth of our clients....more    


   
            Heritage 
            Learn about Richardson GMP's legacy of success... more      


   
            Community involvement 
            Our job is to look after the best interests of our clients. But we also understand the importance of caring for the best interests of the communities...more     








	   












      GMP Capital Inc.  l  James Richardson & Sons, Limited  l  Canadian Investor Protection Fund Member  IIROC Member  l  IIROC AdvisorReport  l  Legal Notice  l  Media Relations  l  Careers  l  Site Map  Privacy Agreement  l  Terms and Conditions  l  Accessibility Policy  l  Unclaimed Property      















