

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Rimidi Diabetes, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:58 AM ET
Health Care Technology

Company Overview of Rimidi Diabetes, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Rimidi Diabetes, Inc. develops and delivers a solution to diabetes treatment for patients, healthcare providers, and the society. It offers DIABETES+ME, a software solution that enables patients and physicians to identify gaps in diabetes management, as well as the necessary steps to close those gaps. The company was founded in 2011 and is based in Atlanta, Georgia.


400 Trabert AvenueSuite 8Atlanta, GA 30309United StatesFounded in 2011



Phone: 404-317-4400

www.rimidi.com







Key Executives for Rimidi Diabetes, Inc.




Ms. Lucienne Ide Marie M.D., Ph.D.


      	Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director
      








Mr. A. Michael Albisser Ph.D.


      	Co-Founder and Executive Director
      








Ms. Jennifer N. Ide J.D.


      	Vice President and General Counsel 
      








Mr. Chris McIlvoy MBA


      	Director of Technology
      








Mr. Bob DeHaven


      	Vice President of Business Development
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 [m]pirik LLC United States 1747, Inc. United States 1EQ, Inc. United States 1healthy.world, inc. United States 20over8, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Rimidi Diabetes, Inc., please visit www.rimidi.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Rimidi Diabetes Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























rimidi diabetes inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Health Care
Industry: Health Care Facilities & Svcs
Sub-Industry: Health Care Services





Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



































Rimidi Diabetes, Inc. – Marketing & Communications Intern | Village Capital











































































































































































 







close menu 


Home
Sectors
Geographies
Companies
Results
Method


In The News
Reports
Our Team
Partners
Programs
Communities
Contact


GET INVOLVED
CONTACT US







Rimidi Diabetes, Inc. – Marketing & Communications Intern

Posted September 20, 2016





Company:
Rimidi Diabetes




Location:
            Atlanta, GA          

Share:
















Job Description
SUMMARY
Rimidi (www.rimidi.com) is a healthcare technology start-up located in Midtown Atlanta.  Rimidi is seeking an enthusiastic individual with a strong work ethic and commitment to teamwork to join the company as an integration team project management intern. This position will support our development and clinical teams and will be responsible for coordinating the platform integration projects within Rimidi.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES

Work with clinical team to
create use cases for integration projects between Diabetes+Me and electronic medical record platforms;
coordinate the implementation project plan and execution
Work with product development team to
create documentation for integration specifications and requirements;
research electronic medical record platforms and API documentation;
ensure project plan remains on track;
perform quality assurance testing post-integration;

REQUIREMENTS

Demonstrated ability to multi-task and adhere to deadlines is required.
Excellent communication skills are essential.
Some experience with project management required.
Knowledge of python, FHIR, and postgres preferred but not required.
Bachelor’s degree in a related field is desired, but not required.

Qualified candidates send resume to work@rimidi.com








close


Join Village Capital

          We'll keep you updated on Village Capital events happening near you, news from our programs, stories about our entrepreneurs, and other relevant updates. Sign up now!
        





Entrepreneurs

              No matter who you are or where you live, with Village Capital you’ll get a fair shot.
            
JOIN VILCAP





Investors

              VilCap’s peer-selection investment model will make you more money.
            
JOIN VILCAP





Mentors

              Build professionally strategic and personally rewarding relationships.
            
JOIN VILCAP


Community Leaders
JOIN VILCAP


Partners
JOIN VILCAP






BACK
Sign Up

          We'll keep you updated on Village Capital events happening near you, news from our programs, stories about our entrepreneurs, and other relevant updates. Sign up now!
        


FIRST NAME



LAST NAME



EMPLOYER



TITLE



EMAIL




COUNTRY



ZIP CODE



SECTORS OF INTEREST
Select sector(s)



Agriculture



Education



Energy



Financial Services



Health



Other




GEOGRAPHIES OF INTEREST
Select geography(s)



United States



Sub-Saharan Africa



South Asia



Latin America



Europe



East & Southeast Asia




SUBSECTORS



CAPITAL RAISED TO DATE (USD)



1 SENTENCE DESCRIPTION OF COMPANY



STAGE
Select stage



Pre-MVP: I do not have a physical product or prototype. We are still in the research and design stages.



Pre-Revenue: I have a prototype or simple version of my product that I can show to customers, but have not yet sold that product/service to customers. The company has not made money.



Post-Revenue: I have a market-ready product that we have sold to customers. The company has made money.




TICKET SIZE (USD)











close


Sign Up

          We'll keep you updated on Village Capital events happening near you, news from our programs, stories about our entrepreneurs, and other relevant updates. Sign up now!
        


FIRST NAME



LAST NAME



EMPLOYER



TITLE



EMAIL




COUNTRY



ZIP CODE



SECTORS OF INTEREST
Select sector(s)



Agriculture



Education



Energy



Financial Services



Health



Other




GEOGRAPHIES OF INTEREST
Select geography(s)



United States



Sub-Saharan Africa



South Asia



Latin America



Europe



East & Southeast Asia




SUBSECTORS



CAPITAL RAISED TO DATE (USD)



1 SENTENCE DESCRIPTION OF COMPANY



STAGE
Select stage



Pre-MVP: I do not have a physical product or prototype. We are still in the research and design stages.



Pre-Revenue: I have a prototype or simple version of my product that I can show to customers, but have not yet sold that product/service to customers. The company has not made money.



Post-Revenue: I have a market-ready product that we have sold to customers. The company has made money.




TICKET SIZE (USD)











close


Collaborators

          What kind of collaborator are you?
        


Mentors

              Coach entrepreneurs, assist startups, and get involved in the VilCap community.
            
I WANT TO MENTOR


Partners

              Build professionally strategic and personally rewarding relationships.
            
I WANT TO PARTNER


Community Leaders

              Use the VilCap model to change your community.
            
I WANT TO LEAD








close
Thanks!

        Look out for our email shortly!
      









 




Company | Rimidi- Serious Hope for Healthcare





























We know diabetes.









					Rimidi is a group of medical and business professionals dedicated to the delivery of serious hope for solving healthcare’s most pressing problems.  
				

					We are healthcare entrepreneurs aligned in a belief that we can do so much better, as individuals, and as an industry, in providing significant and enduring solutions.  
				

					The Rimidi leadership team is comprised of physicians, bioengineers and business professionals credited with developing technologies and practices successfully used in healthcare today.
				






Team


Board


Advisors


Investors














Lucienne Marie Ide M.D., Ph.D.
CEO
Lucie brings her diverse experiences in medicine, science, venture capital and technology to bear in leading Rimidi's strategy and vision. Motivated by the belief that we can do so much better as individuals, an industry and society, Lucie left clinical medicine to join the ranks of healthcare entrepreneurs who are trying to revolutionize an industry.














Bob DeHaven
VP, Business Development
Bob is a seasoned entrepreneur who was a founder of Brightmail (acquired by Symantec) and has built and sold multiple other technology companies including Ipedo (acquired by XuXi), Altos (IPO 1984 then acquired by Acer in 1990), and a company specializing in noninvasive glucometer devices, acquired in 2010 by Apple.














Jennifer Ide JD
General Counsel, Vice President
Jennifer has twelve years of experience advising companies about legal and regulatory risks and guiding them in business decisions. She oversees all of the Company’s legal and regulatory matters and serves as the Company’s compliance officer and HIPAA privacy and security officer. Jennifer practiced at Sutherland Asbill & Brennan before joining Rimidi.














Chris McIlvoy MBA
CTO
Chris has over fifteen years leading software development efforts for organizations in industries such as healthcare, finance, oil and gas. Chris currently oversees the design and development of Rimidi’s product line. He has provided technical guidance to organizations such as the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, ACS, Bridgestone, NPR, Halliburton, and Cessna.














Mari Fonger MSN
Client Relations Manager
Mari brings over two decades of diverse healthcare experience to Rimidi. She has worked as an advanced practice nurse in both the hospital and home settings. More recently, Mari has held client-facing positions in digital health companies. She is passionate about the use of best-in-class digital therapeutics to advance the diagnosis and treatment of chronic disease. Mari is dedicated to achieving better outcomes for patients and increasing value for all healthcare stakeholders. 














Mark Jarboe
Business Development
Mark has 20 years of experience building, leading, motivating, training and developing sales teams. His background includes both public and start up businesses. His experience spans sales/marketing, operations, product development and new product launches. Mark is skilled in competing against well-established products with a consultative approach that leads to presenting innovative and disruptive technological solutions to the market.














Nachiket Kumar
Lead Designer
Nachiket brings a unique background to design at Rimidi. With an undergraduate degree in Biology he spent over 6 years working in an immunology research lab at Emory University. Eventually, he transitioned to a career in graphic and UI/UX design, and this background serves him well as the lead designer at Rimidi.


















R William Ide, III MBA, JD
Chairman
Bill has spent his career advising corporate clients, organizations, and governmental entities on legal, regulatory, and business matters. Bill is an expert in corporate governance. He formerly served as Senior Vice President and General Counsel of Monsanto Company, President of the American Bar Association, Counsel to the United States Olympic Committee, and on the Board of Albemarle Corporation. Currently, Bill serves as a member of the Board of AFC Enterprises, chair of the Advisory Board to the Conference Board’s Governance Center, Senior Fellow and Co-Founder of Emory University’s Directors Institute, and a member of the Clark Atlanta University Board of Trustees. He is General Counsel and Secretary of the EastWest Institute, a global think-and-do tank. Bill is an experienced investor in early stage companies.














Lucienne Marie Ide M.D., Ph.D.
Board Member
Lucie brings her diverse experiences in medicine, science, venture capital and technology to bear in leading Rimidi's strategy and vision. Motivated by the belief that we can do so much better as individuals, an industry and society, Lucie left clinical medicine to join the ranks of healthcare entrepreneurs who are trying to revolutionize an industry.














Bob Bozeman
Board Member
Bob is an investor and advisor to high tech companies. He has 24 years of management experience in high-technology enterprises. He served as an officer at Wang Laboratories, contributing to growth in revenue from $50 million to $2.7 billion, and is the founder of two successful high-tech businesses (Library Systems and Bozemans’, Inc.). Bob was a General Partner with Ron Conway and Casey McGlynn in Angel Investors, LP for both Fund I and Fund II, which invested in technology companies including Ask Jeeves, AvantGo, BrightMail, Chemdex/Ventro, FindLaw, Good Technology, Google, MongoMusic, OpenTable, Opsware/LoudCloud, PayPal, RedEnvelope and Vovida Networks. Bob currently is currently General Partner of Eastlake Ventures and 530 Angels. He also serves on the Board of the public company Daegis based in Dallas.















































Mark Braunstein MD
Georgia Tech University
Dr. Braunstein teaches health informatics as a graduate seminar in the college and as an elective in the Online Masters of Science in Computer Science (OMSCS) program. His latest book, Practitioners Guide to Health Informatics, a guide to health informatics for physicians and other non-technical readers, was published in the spring of 2015. His text, Contemporary Health Informatics, was published in the spring of 2014. Health Informatics in the Cloud, a brief guide to health informatics for non-technical readers, was published in 2012.









David Byrne
Former European Union Commissioner for Health and Consumer Protection
David Byrne is a lawyer by training and before entering public life spent 30 years practicing as a Barrister in the Courts of Ireland and the European Court of Justice in Luxemburg. In 1997 he was appointed Attorney General of Ireland (AG). During his term of office as AG, he was one of the negotiators of the Good Friday Agreement, which provided the political and legal framework for peace in Northern Ireland.  He drafted and managed the constitutional changes necessary to give effect to the new Agreement, which were adopted by a referendum of the people in 1998
View David's complete profile on Wikipedia.


Greg Hunter
Mayfair Street Partners
Greg Hunter is a Winston-Salem, NC based businessman with an international reach in the areas of real estate, energy, hospitality, and functional beverages. Since the early 1990’s, Mr. Hunter has been involved in global asset management consulting, working with large pools of capital to effectively deploy their funds across a wide variety of strategies. More recently, he has begun to integrate the business strategies of foreign companies with US companies to promote global commerce. Additionally, he is aggregating real estate portfolios in the US, developing select properties across a variety of asset classes. Mr. Hunter serves on numerous not-for-profit and for profit boards.









Heval Mohamed Kelli MD
Katz Foundation Preventive Cardiology Fellow at Emory University
Dr. Heval Mohamed Kelli came to the US as a teenage refugee from Syria and worked as dishwasher for years to support his family and education. He is currently named the prestigious Katz foundation Fellow in Preventive Cardiology in the Emory University department of medicine. He graduated Cum Laude from Morehouse School of Medicine and he finished his internal medicine residency training with honorable distinctions in social and inpatient medicine at Emory University. Dr. Mohamed Kelli was voted resident of the year by his colleagues at Emory University in 2013. He operates several non-profit organizations focused on mentorship, healthcare outreach and medical education. His remarkable journey and story was featured on the Emory University magazine, Associated Press, NY times, CNN and Washington Post









Olivier Jarry
Global Life Sciences & Consumer Health Executive
Olivier leverages 30 years of passion improving health and living standards throughout Western/Eastern Europe, the Americas and Asia to create sustainable, profitable growth, organically and inorganically, in the Life Sciences, Consumer Health, Nutrition and Consulting industries. He assembles talented, successful and diverse teams to address unique business or societal challenges.
In 2009, when the H1N1 global pandemic flu spread globally, he redirected his team to address the needs of governments in Western and Eastern Europe. They closed the first sale for Novartis (several hundred million Euros) followed by several other ones throughout Europe and Russia/CIS.



















Featured In
			






































































Gust | Gust






















Start up confidently with Gust Launch: all the legal, accounting, and financial tools you need to start and run your company.


















Overview




Executive Summary




Financials




Documents


























Rimidi-Diabetes, Inc.

Rimidi predicts forthcoming blood glucose levels..enables the HCP to model Rx changes that will place patient into proper glycemic range.






Stage

Prototype Ready



Industry

Medical Devices and Equipment



Location

Naples, FL, USA



Currency

USD



Founded

October 2011



Employees

4



Website

rimidi.com

















Only investors on Gust who have been granted access can view this content.




Interested in this startup?
Sign In or Sign Up to request more information.


























Loading



 




Rimidi- Serious Hope for Healthcare






































We help health systems transform their delivery of diabetes care.
How it Works











Diabetes is a problem of epidemic proportions.
1 in 5 five US healthcare dollars is spent on care for people with diabetes.
Watch Our Video











Our proprietary software empowers those who manage diabetes.
Contact Us













          The implications of the diabetes epidemic are felt by patients, providers, and payors.
        

          We empower clients to deliver more efficient healthcare, improve patient quality of life, and decrease the financial burden to patients and payors.
        





















Systems





Providers





Patients
















We are at a unique crossroads in healthcare driven by the convergence of policy change, economic pressures and advances in personal health technology.
In the US, we spend $245 billion each year on diabetes-related costs, with employers bearing the additional burden of lost productivity related to poorly-controlled diabetes.
We need to contain costs and shift to preventative care in order to decrease the costs of complications of chronic diseases. Diabetes+Me impacts the outcomes that matter: better quality of life, more efficient healthcare delivery and decreased financial burden for patients and payers.









Currently there are 29.1 million Americans with diabetes and 80 million with prediabetes. The time is right to change the system.
Clinical guidelines establish goals for diabetes management that have been proven to reduce complications and morbidity associated with poorly-controlled diabetes. Only 18% of patients with diabetes, however, meet all of three treatment goals of A1C, blood pressure and LDL control.
We need tools to empower patients, leverage data and standardize workflows while delivering personalized treatment. Diabetes+Me is a bridge between population health and clinical management. Our data insights and decision-support tools improve efficiency and helps providers make more targeted treatment decisions.









Patients want to be healthier, but need the right tools and support from their healthcare team.
The complications of diabetes include cardiovascular disease, blindness, amputation, and kidney failure. These issues can be avoided by optimizing blood glucose control.
Diabetes+Me helps patients take ownership of their diabetes through its self-management tools and improves communication between patients and their care team.
















@Jointherimidi

Tweets by @Jointherimidi







Jun 2, 2017
A diagnosis for healthcare innovation: too...
A diagnosis for healthcare innovation: too much short-term thinking Health care is complicated. But investors, like politicians and Wall Street...





Rimidi












	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started







































Diabetes+Me | Cloud-based enterprise solution for diabetes management











individuals
clinicians
care-team










sign me up!


login








Where data meets life™
 Diabetes+Me is a cloud-based enterprise solution for diabetes management.








Individuals


        Track your data
    


        Add context and meaning
    


        Share with your care team
    


You are unique, and so is your story. Rimidi makes it easy to communicate that story to your doctor and care team, so they can understand the challenges you face.
Keeping track of all the details is no longer a chore; Diabetes+Me makes the process as painless as possible so you can get on with your life. We put you back in control of your diabetes.








































































































































































































Clinicians


        Quickly review data
    


        Engage decision support
    


        Optimize treatment
    


Diabetes+Me helps you gather the medical data and lifestyle details that really matter from your patients. Our clinician dashboard presents the information you need in a format you can efficiently review and act on.
Our decision support feature helps you optimize medication choices. You can explore treatment decisions taking into account the unique characteristics of each patient.




















































































































































































































































Care-Team


        Population management
    


        Patient engagement
    


        Shared decision-making
    


Using Diabetes+Me you can better understand your population, who needs your attention most, and which patients are meeting their goals.
Our solution enables you to develop a comprehensive diabetes care plan together with your patients, support their self-management, and track their progress towards goals.

















































































































































































































































































































Individuals


        Regain control
    


        Reduce stress
    


        Reward yourself
    


Our solution easily connects with the apps and devices that you already use so you can have all your data in one place. We are constantly adding new partners that support healthy lifestyle choices and reward healthy behavior.
With the hassles of managing diabetes and communicating with your doctors reduced, you can breath a little easier.





























































































































































































































































w
















Let us help you manage diabetes.
 Are you working to manage your own diabetes? Are you a clinician who works with individuals with diabetes? Does your organization want to offer better solutions for diabetes management to your associates?
Tell us about yourself and how we can help, and one of our team members will reach out to you.





Email Address

Please enter an email address.



I am



an Individual with diabetes
                            



a Healthcare provider
                            



an Employer
                            



Other
                            





Name


Please enter a first and last name.


Organization

Please enter your organization.


Role/Position

Please enter a first and last name.



Sign me up!
Thanks. We will be in touch soon.











© 2014 Rimidi Diabetes, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Patents 8,768,673, 8,756,043 and 8,744,828.



LegalPrivacy

login
















