

	William RINGO Obituary - Centerville, OH | Dayton Daily News






 




















































































Obituaries


















 POWERED BYSearch












Services






Schlientz & Moore Funeral




820 Miamisburg-Centerville Road


Centerville, OH  45459



937-433-3104


Website
View Map


Send Flowers







Visitation

Friday, Jan. 30, 2015


11:00 AM - 1:00 PM




Schlientz & Moore Funeral



820 Miamisburg-Centerville Road


Centerville, 
OH 
45459



View Map




Funeral service

Friday, Jan. 30, 2015


1:00 PM




Schlientz & Moore Funeral



820 Miamisburg-Centerville Road


Centerville, 
OH 
45459



View Map





+See Services Detail






Resources


More Obituaries for William RINGO


Looking for an obituary for a different person with this name?












William R. RINGO


1919 - 2015
Obituary
Condolences

































 News Death NoticeRINGO, William R. Born November 27, 1919 to Robert and Lois Ringo in Dillsboro, Indiana. Bill died peacefully on January 24 in the company of his family. He married Sarah Lambert in 1944 and they built their lives together for 52 years until her death in 1996. Bill married Pauline Waldrop in 1999 and enjoyed four years of loving companionship until her death in 2003. Bill was a graduate of Rose Hulman Institute of technology class of 1941 and a member of Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity. He also received his MBA from Xavier University. He worked 42 years as an engineer for Delco Products Division of G.M. retiring in 1982. His second career was at Reliable Electric from 1998 to 2008. Bill was a member of the Centerville Lions Club for over 60 years and served as President. He also was a member of the Masons Far Hills Lodge 784. He was an active member of the Centerville United Methodist Church for over 60 years and particularly appreciated his many friends in the Job Jar. Bill is survived by his son William R. Ringo, Jr. and wife Susan. Two grandchildren, Christopher O. Ringo(Karen) and Sloane R. Vititoe(Kyle) and three great grandchildren: Ainsley and Sutton Vititoe and Rilee Ringo. Services will be held on Friday, January 30th at Schlientz and Moore Funeral Home, 820 West Centerville Road, Dayton, Ohio. Visitation will be from 11 am until 1pm with the funeral service immediately following the visitation. Burial will be at the Centerville Cemetery. In lieu of flowers, donations maybe made in Bill's name to the Centerville United Methodist Church, 63 E. Franklin St., Centerville, Ohio 45459 or Rose Hulman Institute of Technology, Development Office, 5500 Wabash Ave., Terre Haute, IN 47803. For those wishing condolences may be left at SchlientzandMoore.com



Published in Dayton Daily News on Jan. 27, 2015


Read More



Listen to Obituary










Remember
Share memories or express condolences below.



View All






Add Message







"Another great Lion's roar has been silenced.  How well I..."-Lowell Chapman
"Bill, Sue, Cory, Sloane, so sorry that you lost Bob. I..."-Tiffany Shine

View all messages 13







 Add Photos
            



 Add Videos
            

















Resources



Send Funeral Flowers


View Funeral Home Details




Find Advice & Support


Funeral Etiquette


How to Write a Sympathy Note







< Back to today's Obituaries

























































Notify Friends and Family

Add the email addresses of friends or family members you'd like to notify about this obituary.

To: *Invalid To Email




From: *Invalid From Email



Message:






Optional

Please provide me with special offers and discounts from Legacy.com and selected partners.
Emails will be sent directly from Legacy.com. We respect your privacy and will not sell your information to a third party. You may opt out at any time. See privacy policy for details.





Your email was sent successfully.

Return to the obituary
Send another email



Share






























There was an error sending your email. Please try again.
We apologize for the inconvenience.

































 






William R. Ringo, Member, Immune Design Corporation


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













William R. Ringo



Director, Chairman of Compensation Committee and Member of Audit Committee
at
Immune Design Corporation


Location: New York, NY





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









William R. Ringo



Director, Chairman of Compensation Committee and Member of Audit Committee
at
Immune Design Corporation


Location: New York, NY




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Mr. Ringo has served as a member of our board of directors since October 2014. Since June 2010, Mr. Ringo has served as a senior advisor to Barclays Healthcare Group and as a strategic advisor to Sofinnova Ventures. From April 2008 until his retirement in April 2010, Mr. Ringo was Senior Vice President of Business Development, Strategy and Innovation at Pfizer Inc., a public pharmaceutical company, and was responsible for guiding Pfizer’s overall strategic planning and business development activities. Prior to joining Pfizer, Mr. Ringo served as an executive in residence at Warburg Pincus and Sofinnova Ventures. From August 2004 to April 2006, Mr. Ringo served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Abgenix, Inc., a biotechnology company acquired by Amgen, Inc.  Prior to Abgenix, Mr. Ringo served for 28 years at Eli Lilly and Company in numerous executive roles, including Product Group President for Oncology and Critical Care, President of Internal Medicine Products, President of the Infectious Diseases Business Unit and Vice President of Sales and Marketing for U.S. Pharmaceuticals.
Following Mr. Ringo’s retirement from Eli Lilly in 2001, from March 2001 to December 2007, Mr. Ringo served on various boards of directors, including InterMune, Inc. where he served as the non-executive chairman of the board of directors after serving as interim Chief Executive Officer from June 2003 to September 2003. Mr. Ringo currently serves on the boards of directors of Assembly Biosciences, Inc., Dermira, Inc., Immune Design Corp., Mirati Therapeutics, Inc., and Sangamo BioSciences, Inc., each of which is a public biotechnology company.  Mr. Ringo also served on the board of directors of Onyx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from February 2011 until its acquisition by Amgen in October 2013.



5

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Pharmaceuticals




Tags
N/A




Topics of Influence












Web Site







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



William R. RingoCareer (5)






2014




Immune Design Corporation



Member







2014




Assembly Biosciences



Member







Mar-2014




Five Prime Therapeutics



Board Member







2010




Sofinnova Ventures



Advisor







2008 to 2010




Pfizer



Senior Vice President of Strategy and Business Development








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



William R. RingoEducation (2)






1973



University of Dayton









1967



University of Dayton












 Edit



William R. RingoAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for William R. Ringo






 Edit



William R. RingoLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for William R. Ringo









William R. RingoInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for William R. Ringo









William R. RingoInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for William R. Ringo








William R. RingoRelated People








Colleagues at Immune Design Corporation







Frank J. Hsu

VP, Head of Oncology
Oct-2013









Jan Henrik ter Meulen

Chief Scientific Officer
Oct-2013









Stephen R. Brady

Chief Business Officer
Sep-2013









Richard T. Kenney

Chief Medical Officer
Sep-2013












View all 



William R. RingoRecommended Market Profiles (8)








Telemedicine

10,000 or More employees
19 companies








Social Media Marketing (ChiefMartec.com)

5,000 - 10,000 employees
111 companies








Big Data Universe List of Lists

10,000 or More employees
533 companies








Aggregated Marketing Technology

10,000 or More employees
2650 companies








Shared Economy Landscape (Jeremiah Owyang)

10,000 or More employees
267 companies








Inside Sales Landscape

10,000 or More employees
641 companies




















William R. Ringo Jr.: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 6:06 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Pearl Street Venture Funds



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
William R. Ringo Jr.Advisor and Industry Expert, Pearl Street Venture FundsAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 10 Board Members in 10 different organizations across 23 different industries.See Board Relationships72--
Background

		Mr. William R. Ringo, Jr., also known as Bill, has been Senior Advisor of Barclays Capital PLC to Barclays Healthcare Group since June 2010. Mr. Ringo has been Strategic Advisor at Sofinnova Ventures, Inc. since June 2010. He joined Sofinnova in January 2007 and specializes in life sciences. He serves as an Advisor of InCube Labs, LLC. He is a Venture Partner at InCube Ventures, LLC. He serves as an Advisor and Industry Expert of Pearl Street Venture Funds. He has been ... a Health Care Consultant at Barnard Life Sciences, which he founded in January 2001. Mr. Ringo is also a Founding Member of Pearl Street Venture Funds, which was founded in 2000. Previously, he served as an Executive In Residence at Warburg Pincus and Sofinnova Ventures. He served as the Senior Vice President of Strategy and Business Development at Pfizer Inc. from April 2008 to 2010 and served as its Senior Vice President of Business Development Strategy and Innovation until April 30, 2010. He served as the Chief Executive Officer and President at Abgenix Inc. from August 30, 2004 to April 2006. At Abgenix, he focused on product by strengthening the senior management team and enhancing an existing partnership with Amgen, which purchased Abgenix in 2006. Mr. Ringo oversaw clinical progress with Abgenix's pipeline of antibody therapies and brokered the Amgen acquisition. He served as an Interim Chief Executive Officer and President at InterMune, Inc. from June 30, 2003 to September 25, 2003. From 1973 to March 2001, He served at Eli Lilly and Company in Executive leadership roles for 30 years including as its President of the Oncology and Critical Care Products Unit from 1998 to March 2001 as well as the President of Internal Medicine Products from 1998 to March 2001. Mr. Ringo has a global understanding of the pharmaceutical, biotech and medical device industry segments as reflected in the number of leadership positions and held at Lilly. He served as a Vice President of Sales and Marketing for Cardiac Pacemakers, Director of Business Planning for Lilly's Medical Devices and Diagnostics Division. He served as President and General Manager of Eli Lilly Canada, Inc. since 1988. He returned to Indianapolis in 1991 as an Executive Director of Market Research. He served as a Vice President of Marketing for United States Pharmaceutical Operations since 1993 and Vice President of Sales and Marketing since 1994. He served as the President of the Infectious Disease Business Unit from 1995 to 1997. He served as an Executive Chairman of the Board of InterMune, Inc. from May 2003 to May 13, 2008 and Vice Chairman of Inspire Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from March 2004 to June 2008. He has been the Non-Executive Chairman of Assembly Biosciences, Inc. since February 17, 2015. He served as the Chairman of Sangamo Therapeutics, Inc. from April 16, 2010 to June 14, 2016. He has been an Independent Director at Sangamo Therapeutics, Inc. since April 16, 2010. Mr. Ringo has been a Director of Assembly Biosciences, Inc. since July 10, 2014 and Dermira, Inc. since July 2014. He serves as a Director of BioCrossroads. He has been a Director of Immune Design Corp. since February 2014 and Five Prime Therapeutics, Inc. since October 2, 2014. He serves as a Member of Board of Advisors at InCube Ventures, LLC. He serves as a Member of Scientific Board of Advisors for Burrell Ventures. He is a Trustee at the Heart Hospital of Indiana. He serves as a Board Member for Ascendis Medical Technology. He has been Non Executive Director at Atlantic Healthcare plc since May 2017. He served as Director of Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. from March 20, 2014 to December 31, 2016. He served as a Director of Ascendis Pharma A/S. He served as a Director of Portola Pharmaceuticals, Inc. since December 13, 2006, InterMune, Inc. from June 2002 to May 13, 2008, Allos Therapeutics, Inc. from January 8, 2007 to June 24, 2008 and Inspire Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from June 2003 to June 2008. He served as a Director of Onyx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from February 3, 2011 to 2013. He served as a Director at Suros Surgical Systems, Inc. and Marcadia Biotech, Inc. He served as a Director of Abgenix Inc. since August 30, 2004, Xcel Pharmaceuticals Inc., since July 2001, Praecis Pharmaceuticals Inc. from March 2001 to August 2004, La Jolla Pharmaceutical Co. since May 2001 and Texas Biotechnology Corporation from October 2001 to August 2004. He served as a Director of Encysive Pharmaceuticals Inc. since January 2001. He served as a Director of Alvine Pharmaceuticals, Inc. He serves as a Member of Community Hospitals of Indianapolis. He served as the Chairman of Community Health Network. He serves as a Member of Advisory Board at Rani Therapeutics, LLC. He was awarded the Bronze Star for his service in Vietnam. He also served as a Captain in the United States Army, Military Intelligence. Mr. Ringo has over 40 years of marketing and product commercialization experience as a pharmaceutical and biotechnology company executive. He has more than four decades of biopharmaceutical experience in a variety of leadership and advisory roles. Mr. Ringo received an M.B.A. degree in 1973 and a B.S. degree in Management and Business Administration in 1967 from the University of Dayton.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
20 North Meridian StreetIndianapolis, Indiana 46204United StatesPhone: 317-684-3719Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorBioCrossroads2010-PresentIndependent DirectorSangamo Therapeutics, Inc.2014-PresentDirectorFive Prime Therapeutics, Inc.2014-PresentDirectorImmune Design Corp.2014-PresentNon-Executive ChairmanAssembly Biosciences, Inc.2014-PresentNon-Employee DirectorDermira, Inc.2017-PresentNon-Executive DirectorAtlantic Healthcare plc
Education
BS 1967University of DaytonMBA 1973University of Dayton
Other Affiliations
Barclays Capital PLCAbgenix Inc.Allos Therapeutics, Inc.Inspire Pharmaceuticals, Inc.La Jolla Pharmaceutical CompanyOnyx Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Praecis Pharmaceuticals Inc.InterMune, Inc.Mirati Therapeutics, Inc.Sofinnova Ventures, Inc.Pfizer Inc.Eli Lilly and CompanyEncysive Pharmaceuticals Inc.Sangamo Therapeutics, Inc.Xcel Pharmaceuticals Inc.Five Prime Therapeutics, Inc.University of DaytonBioCrossroadsSuros Surgical Systems, Inc.Portola Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Alvine Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Marcadia Biotech, Inc.Atlantic Healthcare plcInCube Ventures, LLCAscendis Pharma A/SImmune Design Corp.Assembly Biosciences, Inc.Indiana Seed Fund II, L.P.Dermira, Inc.InCube Labs, LLCRani Therapeutics, LLC


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Pearl Street Venture Funds, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























William R. Ringo of Immune Design Corp Board of Directors

















 



 

 



Immune Design Corp
 IMDZ



 


Board of Directors
                > William R. Ringo
            
William R. Ringo, Independent Director



Profile
Connections






Biography



    William Ringo has served as a member of our Board since February 2014. Mr. Ringo is a senior advisor to Barclays Healthcare Group and a strategic advisor to Sofinnova Ventures, where he has served since June 2010 and June 2010, respectively. From April 2008 until his retirement in April 2010, Mr. Ringo was Senior Vice President of Business Development, Strategy and Innovation at Pfizer Inc., a publicly traded pharmaceutical company, and was responsible for guiding Pfizer's overall strategic planning and business development activities. Prior to joining Pfizer, he served as an executive in residence at Warburg Pincus and Sofinnova Ventures. From August 2004 to April 2006, Mr. Ringo was President and Chief Executive Officer of Abgenix, Inc., a biotechnology firm focused on developing human antibodies as agents to treat cancer and other serious diseases. Mr. Ringo began his career at Eli Lilly & Company in 1973 and during his 28-year tenure he held a number of senior positions, including Product Group President for Oncology and Critical Care, President of Internal Medicine Products, President of the Infectious Diseases Business Unit and Vice President of Sales and Marketing for U.S. Pharmaceuticals. He retired from Lilly in February 2001. Mr. Ringo also serves on the boards of directors of Five Prime Therapeutics, Inc., Dermira, Inc., Mirati Therapeutics, Inc., Sangamo BioSciences, Inc. and Assembly Biosciences, Inc., each of which is a public biotechnology or biopharmaceutical company. From March 2001 to December 2007, he served on various boards of directors, including Encysive Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Inspire Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and InterMune, Inc. where he was the non-executive chairman of the board after serving as interim Chief Executive Officer from June 2003 to September 2003. He also serves on the board of directors of BioCrossroads, a public-private collaboration of corporate, university, government and entrepreneurial leaders that supports Indiana's life sciences research and corporate strengths in life sciences while encouraging business development in the region. He received a B.S. in business administration and an M.B.A. from the University of Dayton.
    





Board Membership



Company Name
Board Member Since
Board Committees








            	Sangamo Therapeutics Inc
            
-
AUDIT,BOARD,COMPENSATION,NOMINATING AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE








            	Assembly Biosciences Inc
            
-
AUDIT,BOARD,COMPENSATION








 


























 




WILLIAM R RINGO - DAYTON, OH - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



OH



DAYTON



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            WILLIAM R RINGO
                                    



 





















W 


WILLIAM R RINGO
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



6441 BETHANY VILLAGE DR DAYTON, OH 45459
Get Directions



(937) 436-6904





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts 







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


William R Ringo was founded in 2010, and is located at 6441 Bethany Village Dr in Dayton. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







W

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














   William Ringo | Atlantic Healthcare plc | ZoomInfo.com


William R Ringo - Carmel, IN | Intelius



























Sign In



We found William R Ringo in Carmel, IN


William R Ringo

                                                                           Intelius found that William R Ringo  is  a male between 70 and 80 years old from Carmel, IN.  We have connected them to
                15 addresses,
                10 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

William A Ringo


Get Report Now

Age

William R Ringo is in his 70s

William Has Lived In

Carmel, IN
Summerland, CA
Chicago, IL

William's Relatives

Sloane Ringo
Susan Ringo
Christopher Ringo
Kyle Vititoe







William R Ringo



Zodiac SignScorpio



GenderMale



Professional Status
Director at Five Prime Therapeutics Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about William? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about William, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on William R Ringo
Get a Criminal Check on William R Ringo
Get a Public Record Report on William R Ringo
Get a People Search Report on William R Ringo


William R Ringo's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where William R Ringo has lived as well as William R Ringo's phone numbers and email addresses.




William R Ringo Has Lived in 6 States
Indiana Address for William R Ringo


3742 P*** D** B*** 

Carmel, IN


Has Lived In

Carmel, IN
Summerland, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with William R Ringo

(317) ***-**** - Carmel, IN 
(317) ***-**** - Zionsville, IN 
(805) ***-**** - Santa Barbara, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with William R Ringo

w***********o@***.com
w*****m@***.com


Get Email Report




William R Ringo's Professional Information
Information regarding William R Ringo's professional history.  Find out previous places William R Ringo has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


William R Ringo Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: Five Prime Therapeutics Inc
               Title: Director
Company: Dermira, Inc.
               Title: Board Member
William R Ringo's Experience
Title: Director
               Company: Five Prime Therapeutics Inc
Job Details
               FivePrime is a privately held protein therapeutics discovery and development company located in San Francisco's Mission Bay. Its proprietary discovery platform allows the rapid screening of the complete set of secreted proteins and their receptors in medically relevant, cell-based assays to identify new biotherapeutics. FivePrime is applying its high throughput biologics discovery system first in the areas of oncology, metabolic disease, immunology and regenerative medicine. FivePrime plans to begin clinical studies in 2007 with its lead products in type II diabetes and cancer. Earlier this year, FivePrime announced a discovery collaboration with Boehringer Ingelheim in rheumatoid arthritis.
Title: Board Member
               Company: Dermira, Inc.
Job Details
               Dermira is a specialty biopharmaceutical company focused on bringing innovative and differentiated products to dermatologists and their patients. Dermira's portfolio of five product candidates targets significant market opportunities and includes three late-stage product candidates: CIMZIAÂ® (certolizumab pegol), in Phase 3 development in collaboration with UCB Pharma S.A. for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis; DRM04, in Phase 3 development for the treatment of axillary hyperhidrosis; and DRM01, in Phase 2b development for the treatment of acne. Dermira is headquartered in Menlo Park, California.
Additional Professional Information on William R Ringo

 See William R Ringo's LinkedIn Profile



William R Ringo's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for William R Ringo


William R Ringo's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of William R Ringo's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
William Ringo
Username Matches

                  WilliamRingo
                  RingoWilliam
                  William.Ringo
                  Ringo.William
                  William_Ringo
                  Ringo_William
                  William-Ringo
                  Ringo-William
                  WRingo
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
W Ringo







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











 


Leadership Team :: Sangamo Therapeutics, Inc. (SGMO)







































Leadership Team




 








			About		






Management Team 






Shirley Clift
Vice President, Regulatory Affairs
More

More









Shirley Clift has served as Vice President, Regulatory Affairs since joining Sangamo in January 2010. Ms. Clift has over twenty years of biotechnology management experience in global regulatory affairs and cell and gene therapy product development.  Throughout her career, she has been responsible for multiple corporate sponsored regulatory filings in the U.S., Europe, Japan, and Australia. Prior to joining Sangamo, Ms. Clift held various positions at Cell Genesys, Inc., including Vice President, Regulatory Affairs. Prior to joining Cell Genesys, Inc. in 1997, she held a variety of positions at Somatix Therapy Corp. Earlier in her career, she held various basic research positions at Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory, Genentech, Baylor College of Medicine, University of California, San Francisco, and Universidad Nacional Autonoma De Mexico. Ms. Clift received her B.A. degree from the University of California, Berkeley. Less














Edward Conner, M.D.
Senior Vice President and CMO
More

More









Edward Conner, M.D. has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Medical Officer since November 2016.  He has over 10 years of industry experience in early and late stage clinical development in a broad range of disease areas including rare diseases, oncology and infectious diseases. Prior to joining Sangamo, Dr. Conner served as Vice President, Clinical Sciences at Ultragenyx Pharmaceuticals, a biopharmaceutical company developing novel products for the treatment of rare and ultra-rare diseases. Prior to joining Ultragenyx, he served as Senior Medical Director at BioMarin Pharmaceuticals Inc., where he led protocol development and regulatory interaction for its global phase 3 program in Pompe disease. From 2008 to 2013, Dr. Conner served as Medical Director at Genentech and was the clinical science team leader of two product candidates, including Xolair®, which is now a commercial drug product. He completed his Internal Medicine residency training at the University of Michigan and was a fellow in Clinical Immunology & Allergic Diseases at Johns Hopkins School of Medicine. He received a B.S. in Biology, cum laude, from Duke University and his M.D. from the University of California, San Francisco. Less
















Nathalie Dubois-Stringfellow, Ph.D.
Vice President, Product Development and Management
More

More









Nathalie Dubois-Stringfellow, Ph.D., has served as Vice President, Product Development and Management since January 2015 and oversees the development and execution of project team strategy for Sangamo’s ZFP therapeutic programs in hemophilia, lysosomal storage disorders, hemoglobinopathies, HIV and Huntington’s disease. She has over 20 years of experience implementing and managing preclinical and clinical development of biologic therapies in oncology, as well as immune, infectious and genetic diseases. Dr. Dubois-Stringfellow joined Sangamo in January 2011 as Senior Director, Project Management. Prior to joining Sangamo, she held various positions in Discovery Research, Preclinical Research, Project Management, Clinical Development, and Portfolio Management at Chiron Corp., Bayer Corp., Signature Biosciences, Inc. and most recently XOMA LLC, where she served as Senior Director, Preclinical Portfolio and Alliance Management. Dr. Dubois-Stringfellow was a post-doctoral fellow at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, where she studied angiogenesis and tumorigenesis in transgenic mice and cell culture systems. She received her M.S. in Genetics and Immunology, and her Ph.D. in Human Genetics from the Université Pierre et Marie Curie in Paris, France. Less














Mohammad El-Kalay, Ph.D.
Vice President, Technical Operations
More

More









Mohammad El-Kalay, Ph.D., has served as Vice President, Technical Operations since August 2016. Dr. El-Kalay has over 25 years of experience in the biotechnology industry with significant expertise in process development and cGMP manufacturing of biotherapeutics, including hematopoietic stem cells, mesenchymal stem cells, T-cells and neural stem cells. Prior to joining Sangamo, Dr. El-Kalay was Vice President, Process Development & Manufacturing at StemCells, Inc., a company developing allogeneic neural stem cells for the treatment of CNS diseases. In 2006, Dr. El-Kalay founded and served as President and Chief Executive Officer of EyeCyte, Inc. a biotherapeutics company focused on the development of autologous cell therapies to treat various retinal diseases. From 2000 to 2007, Dr. El-Kalay held leadership positions at several cell therapy companies, including Senior Vice President, Process Development at Telos Pharmaceuticals LLC; Vice President, Research & Development at MicroIslet, Inc.; and Vice President, Product & Process Development at MorphoGen Pharmacueticals, Inc., a pluripotent stem cell company. Dr. El-Kalay received his B.Sc. in Chemical Engineering and Ph.D. in Biomedical Engineering from Strathclyde University in Glasgow, UK. Less
















Heather Erickson
Chief of Staff
More

More









Heather Erickson has served as Chief of Staff since July 2016 and is responsible for the execution of Sangamo's daily operations and special projects. Prior to joining Sangamo, Ms. Erickson served as the President and CEO of the Life Sciences Foundation, a national research and education foundation focused on collecting and organizing the story of biotechnology and providing audiences with context for the role the life sciences play in society. From 2004 to 2012, Ms. Erickson founded and served as President of the MedTech Association, leading the industry trade organization to become the hub of Upstate New York’s bioscience and medical technology industry, with nearly 100 member companies and universities across the state, including Fortune 500 corporations. Prior to founding MedTech, she served as Senior Consultant at the San Francisco headquarters of Edgar, Dunn & Company, an international management consultancy specializing in strategic planning for the financial services industry. Ms. Erickson received a B.S. in Molecular, Cellular and Developmental Biology from Yale University. Less














Curt Herberts
Senior Vice President and CBO
More

More









Curt Herberts has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Business Officer since December 2016 and oversees Sangamo’s business functions and plans for commercialization of its therapeutics. Mr. Herberts has over 10 years of experience in commercial strategy and corporate development. He joined Sangamo in October 2010 as Director, Corporate Development & Strategy and was promoted to Senior Director in January 2012, and Vice President and Head of Corporate Development in July 2015. During this time, Sangamo established a number of collaborative agreements, including global collaborations with Shire plc, in 2012, and Biogen, Inc., in 2014. Prior to joining Sangamo, Mr. Herberts held several positions of increasing responsibility at Campbell Alliance Group, Inc., including leadership roles in the corporate development and commercial strategy practice areas. Prior to Campbell Alliance, he worked in business development, new product planning and technology transfer. Mr. Herberts holds an A.B. in Human Biology from Stanford University and a M.B.S. from Keck Graduate Institute School of Applied Life Sciences. Less
















Michael Holmes, Ph.D.
Vice President, Research
More

More









Michael Holmes, Ph.D., has served as Vice President, Research since July 2015 and currently oversees Sangamo’s research activities.  He joined Sangamo in May 2001 as a Scientist and became a Team Leader in 2002, focusing on the development of novel cell-based approaches to screen compound libraries. He was promoted to Director, Therapeutic Gene Modification in 2004, and Senior Director in 2009, where he pioneered the use of ZFNs for genome editing in transformed and primary human cells, including hematopoietic stem cells.  Dr. Holmes has authored over 55 publications in the field of genome editing and gene regulation, as well as numerous patents. Prior to joining Sangamo, he worked as a post-doctoral fellow in Dr. Gerald Rubin’s lab at the University of California, Berkeley. Dr. Holmes received a B.S. in Molecular Biology from the University of California, San Diego, and his Ph.D. in Molecular and Cell Biology from the University of California, Berkeley. Less














Sandy Macrae, M.B., Ch.B., Ph.D.
President and CEO
More

More









Sandy Macrae, M.B., Ch.B., Ph.D., has served as Sangamo’s President and Chief Executive Officer and as a member of the Board of Directors since June 2016. He has twenty years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry most recently serving as the Global Medical Officer of Takeda Pharmaceuticals, from 2012 to March 2016, where he established and led the Global Medical Office, which encompasses medical affairs, regulatory affairs, pharmacovigilance, outcomes research and epidemiology, quantitative sciences and knowledge and informatics. From 2001 to 2012, Dr. Macrae held roles of increasing responsibility at GlaxoSmithKline, including Senior Vice President, Emerging Markets Research and Development (R&D), from 2009 to 2012. In that position, he provided expertise and resources to create a first-of-its-kind group to expand GSK’s global reach by providing R&D strategies, clinical development and regulatory resources to enter emerging markets and Asia-Pacific. From 2007 to 2008, he was Vice President, Business Development. In that position, he was responsible for scientific assessment and business development project leadership for the neurology, psychiatry, cardiovascular and metabolic therapeutic areas. Earlier in his career, he worked for SmithKline Beecham, where he was responsible for clinical development in the therapeutic areas of neurology and gastroenterology. Dr. Macrae received his B.Sc. in pharmacology and his M.B., Ch.B. with honors from Glasgow University. He is a member of the Royal College of Physicians. Dr. Macrae also earned his Ph.D. in molecular genomics at King’s College, Cambridge. Less
















Leslie Mesones
Vice President, Human Resources
More

More









Leslie Mesones has served as Vice President, Human Resources since January 2017 and joined Sangamo in April 2015 as a Senior Director. Ms. Mesones has over 15 years of biopharmaceutical industry experience in human resource management, talent acquisition and recruiting. From 2013-2015, she served as Director, Human Resources at Mizuho OSI, a private medical device company with over 300 employees.  Prior to that she served as Director, Human Resources at Zosano Pharma, a private pharmaceutical company focused on the delivery of CNS therapeutics. Earlier in her career Ms. Mesones held positions as Senior Manager, Human Resources at Theravance BioPharma US, Inc., as a Talent Acquisition Manager at Bayer Biological Products, a Bayer manufacturing site with 1300 employees, and as the Recruiting Manager at Axys Pharmaceuticals. Ms. Mesones received a B.A. in Spanish Literature from the University of California, Davis, and received her Career & Organizational Coaching Certificate from John F. Kennedy University. Less














Kathleen Meyer, M.P.H., Ph.D., D.A.B.T.
Vice President, Pharmacology, Toxicology and Bioanalytical Sciences
More

More









Kathleen Meyer, M.P.H., Ph.D., D.A.B.T., has served as Vice President, Pharmacology, Toxicology and Bioanalytical Sciences since January 2017, supporting the nonclinical development of Sangamo’s zinc finger protein-based genome editing and AAV-based gene therapy candidates. Dr. Meyer joined Sangamo as a Senior Director in 2014 with 20 years of industry experience in toxicology, bioanalytical development, pharmacokinetics, and nonclinical safety evaluation strategy and implementation of various biopharmaceuticals, including monoclonal antibody, enzyme replacement and gene therapies. Prior to joining Sangamo, Dr. Meyer served as Principal Scientist, Pharmacology and Toxicology at BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. where she guided small molecule and biologic drug candidates through the nonclinical development process, supporting clinical trials and marketing authorization. From 2009 to 2012, she served as Senior Director, Nonclinical Safety Evaluation at XOMA LLC and, prior to that, held positions as a Scientist and Principal Scientist at Elan Pharmaceuticals from 1997-2003. Before joining industry, she worked as a post-doctoral fellow evaluating non-viral methods of gene delivery in Dr. Frank Szoka Jr.’s laboratory at the University of California, San Francisco. Dr. Meyer received an A.B. in Physiology, a M.P.H. specializing in Toxicology and Epidemiology, and her Ph.D. in Environmental Health Science/Toxicology from the University of California, Berkeley. Dr. Meyer is a Diplomat of the American Board of Toxicology. Less
















Edward Rebar, Ph.D.
Vice President, Technology
More

More









Edward Rebar, Ph.D., has served as Vice President, Technology since 2008, a capacity in which he directs the lead design and optimization for our therapeutic programs.  Since joining Sangamo in 1998, Dr. Rebar has held several leadership positions at the company, including Senior Director, Technology, in which he led the development of Sangamo’s zinc finger protein design platform and co-managed the Company’s partnership with Sigma Aldrich.  Dr. Rebar has authored over 55 publications relating to the development of customized DNA binding proteins and nucleases for genome editing, as well as numerous patents.  Prior to joining Sangamo, he was a post-doctoral fellow at the University of California, Berkeley.  Dr. Rebar earned his B.S. in Biochemistry from Rutgers University and his Ph.D. in Biophysics and Structural Biology from MIT. Less














McDavid Stilwell
Vice President, Corporate Communications and Investor Relations
More

More









McDavid Stilwell has served as Vice President, Corporate Communications and Investor Relations since November 2016.  He has over 20 years of relevant experience across various business functions, including communications, investor relations, business development and financial analysis. Prior to joining Sangamo, Mr. Stilwell served as Vice President, Corporate Communications, Investor Relations & Business Development at Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc. From 2005 to 2012 he served as Director, Business Development, Corporate Communications and Financial Analysis at GTx, Inc., a development stage biopharmaceutical company. Earlier, Mr. Stilwell worked for five years as a Senior Investment Analyst for Shadwell Capital LLC, a hedge fund. Mr. Stilwell began his career as a journalist, first as a newspaper reporter and later as an executive editor of an investor newsletter covering financial services industry mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Stilwell received a B.A. in Liberal Arts from St. John’s College, Annapolis, Maryland, and a M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. Less
















Kathy Yi
Senior Vice President and CFO
More

More









Kathy Yi has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since March 2017. Ms. Yi was formerly with Novartis Pharmaceuticals where she served as Head of Finance, Inhalation Technical Research & Development, responsible for the financial management of technical R&D organizations in California and Switzerland. Prior to joining Novartis, she was with Life Technologies Corp. from 2007 to 2014, during which time she held financial management positions of increasing seniority, including Finance Leader, Corporate FP&A. Prior to joining Life Technologies, Ms. Yi held various positions in finance at Intel Corp., from 2001 to 2007. She began her career as a Process/Project Engineer at Bechtel Corp., a leading global engineering, construction and project management company. Ms. Yi received a B.S. degree in Chemical Engineering from the University of California at Berkeley and an M.B.A. degree from Columbia Business School. Less













Board of Directors 



H. Stewart Parker
Director




H. Stewart Parker
Director
H. Stewart Parker has been a member of our Board of Directors since June 2014. Ms. Parker has over 30 years of experience in the biotechnology industry . She served as the chief executive officer of The Infectious Disease Research Institute (IDRI), a not-for-profit global health research institute from March 2011 to December 2013. In 1992, Ms. Parker founded Targeted Genetics Corporation, a publicly traded Seattle -based biopharmaceutical company formed to develop gene-based treatments for acquired and inherited diseases that became a world leader in AAV gene therapy. She held the position of President and CEO and was a member of its board of directors from the company's inception until November 2008. Prior to founding Targeted Genetics, Ms. Parker served in various capacities at Immunex from August 1981 through December 1991, most recently as vice president, corporate development. From February 1991 to January 1993, Ms. Parker served as president and a director of Receptech Corporation, a company formed by Immunex in 1989 to accelerate the development of soluble cytokine receptor products. She has served on the board of directors and the executive committee of BIO, the primary trade organization for the biotechnology industry. She currently serves as a member of the board of directors for several for-profit and non-profit companies including C3 Jian Inc, Oncogenex Technologies Inc and IDRI and on the advisory boards of the University of Washington Foster School of Business and College of Arts & Sciences. Ms. Parker received her B.A. and M.B.A. from the University of Washington. 





Joseph S. Zakrzewski
Director




Joseph S. Zakrzewski
Director
Mr. Zakrzewski has over 25 years of experience in the biopharmaceutical industry with senior leadership experience in R&D, supply chain and manufacturing operations, business development and commercialization. From 2010 through 2013, he was Chairman and CEO of Amarin Pharmaceuticals, where he led the development and commercialization of the company's first product, Vascepa. Mr. Zakrzewski previously served as a Venture Partner with Orbimed Advisors, a venture capital firm, and as Chairman, President and CEO of Xcellerex, a privately held company focused on the commercialization of its proprietary manufacturing technology for biotherapeutics and vaccines. Earlier, he served as COO of Reliant Pharmaceuticals before its acquisition by GlaxoSmithKline in 2007 and held various executive positions at Eli Lilly & Company in the areas of R&D, manufacturing, finance and business development. Mr. Zakrzewski currently serves as a member of the board of directors of various public and private companies, including Acceleron Pharma, Amarin Pharmaceuticals Insulet Corporation and Onxeo SA where he serves as Chairman. Mr. Zakrzewski received a B.S. in Chemical Engineering and an M.S. in Biochemical Engineering from Drexel University, and an M.B.A. in Finance from Indiana University. 





Robert Carey
Executive Vice President and CBO of Horizon Pharma, plc




Robert Carey
Executive Vice President and CBO of Horizon Pharma, plc
Robert F. Carey has served as a member of Sangamo's Board of Directors since June 2016. Mr. Carey currently serves as Executive Vice President and Chief Business Officer of Horizon Pharma, plc, a biopharmaceutical company with nine commercialized medicines though its orphan, rheumatology and primary care units. He also serves as a member of the Board of Directors of Argos Therapeutics, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of personalized immuntherapies for the treatment of cancer and infectioius diseases. Before joining Horizon Pharma, he served as managing director and head of the healthcare investment banking group at JMP Securities LLC from March 2013 to March 2014. Prior to that, Mr. Carey served as a managing director in the healthcare groups at Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein and Vector Securities International, Inc. He has also held roles at Shearson Lehman Hutton and Ernst & Whinney. Mr. Carey received a B.S. in Accounting from the Univesity of Notre Dame. 







Roger Jeffs, Ph.D.
Director




Roger Jeffs, Ph.D.
Director
Dr. Jeffs currently serves as a Senior Advisor to United Therapeutics Corp., where he worked for 18 years, most recently as President and co-CEO. He has over 25 years of experience in the biopharmaceutical industry in R&D, clinical development, regulatory and medical affairs. While at United Therapeutics, Dr. Jeffs led the clinical development, regulatory approval and commercialization of six rare disease products. Prior to joining United Therapeutics, he held positions in clinical development at Amgen, Inc. and Burroughs Wellcome Co. Dr. Jeffs currently serves as a member of the board of directors of Axsome Therapeutics and Dova Pharmaceuticals. He received a B.A. in Chemistry from Duke University and his Ph.D. in Pharmacology from the University of North Carolina. 





Stephen Dilly, M.B.B.S., Ph.D.
CEO of Aimmune Therapeutics




Stephen Dilly, M.B.B.S., Ph.D.
CEO of Aimmune Therapeutics
Stephen G. Dilly, M.B.B.S., Ph.D., has served as a member of our Board of Directors since March 2010. From May 2014 he has served as CEO of Aimmune Therapeutics.  Prior to that, from December 2011 to December 2012 Dr. Dilly was CEO of PhotoThera, Inc., a medical device company with a product in Phase III clinical trials for the treatment of ischemic stroke. From 2006 to 2011, Dr. Dilly  served as President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors of APT Pharmaceuticals, Inc. From 2003 to 2006, he served as Chief Medical Officer and Senior Vice President of Development of Chiron BioPharma, a biotechnology company which was later acquired by Novartis International AG. From 1998 to 2003, he held various management positions at Genentech Inc., including Vice President of Development Sciences from 2002 to 2003. From 1988 to 1998, Dr. Dilly held various management positions in drug development with SmithKline Beecham in the U.K. During his career, Dr. Dilly has been closely associated with the development and launch of marketed drugs for many therapeutic areas, including Kytril, Paxil, Kredex, Requip, TNKase, Xolair, Avastin, Raptiva, Tarceva, Lucentis and Cubicin. Dr. Dilly currently serves as a member of the Advisory Board of Physic Ventures and the National Board of Advisors of the UC Davis Health System. In 1982, Dr. Dilly earned his M.B.B.S., the equivalent of an M.D. in the U.S., from the University of London in the U.K. and received his Ph.D. in Cardiac Physiology from University of London in 1988. 





Sandy Macrae, M.B., Ch.B., Ph.D.
President and CEO




Sandy Macrae, M.B., Ch.B., Ph.D.
President and CEO
Sandy Macrae, M.B., Ch.B., Ph.D., has served as Sangamo’s President and Chief Executive Officer and as a member of the Board of Directors since June 2016. He has twenty years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry most recently serving as the Global Medical Officer of Takeda Pharmaceuticals, from 2012 to March 2016, where he established and led the Global Medical Office, which encompasses medical affairs, regulatory affairs, pharmacovigilance, outcomes research and epidemiology, quantitative sciences and knowledge and informatics. From 2001 to 2012, Dr. Macrae held roles of increasing responsibility at GlaxoSmithKline, including Senior Vice President, Emerging Markets Research and Development (R&D), from 2009 to 2012. In that position, he provided expertise and resources to create a first-of-its-kind group to expand GSK’s global reach by providing R&D strategies, clinical development and regulatory resources to enter emerging markets and Asia-Pacific. From 2007 to 2008, he was Vice President, Business Development. In that position, he was responsible for scientific assessment and business development project leadership for the neurology, psychiatry, cardiovascular and metabolic therapeutic areas. Earlier in his career, he worked for SmithKline Beecham, where he was responsible for clinical development in the therapeutic areas of neurology and gastroenterology. Dr. Macrae received his B.Sc. in pharmacology and his M.B., Ch.B. with honors from Glasgow University. He is a member of the Royal College of Physicians. Dr. Macrae also earned his Ph.D. in molecular genomics at King’s College, Cambridge. 







Steven Mento, Ph.D
President and CEO of Conatus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.




Steven Mento, Ph.D
President and CEO of Conatus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Steven Mento has served as a member of our Board of Directors since May, 2005. He is President and Chief Executive Officer of Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc. From 1997 to 2005 he was President and CEO of Idun Pharmaceuticals and prior to that, from 1982 to 1992, Dr. Mento held various positions at American Cyanamid Company. His last position was Director of Viral Vaccine Research and Development at Lederle-Praxis Biologicals, a business unit of American Cyanamid Company. In January of 1992, he joined Viagene, Inc. as Vice President of Research and Development. Dr. Mento was responsible for directing the company's transition from basic research through initiation of the first company sponsored Phase I and Phase II clinical trials in the emerging field of gene therapy. In October of 1995, Chiron Corporation acquired Viagene, Inc., and renamed the company Chiron Viagene, Inc. Dr. Mento served as President of Chiron Viagene, Inc. and Vice President of Chiron Corporation until August of 1997. As President, Dr. Mento had overall responsibility for gene therapy research, product development, QA/ QC, GMP manufacturing as well as general administration functions at Chiron Viagene. Dr. Mento currently serves on the Boards of BIOCOM, the Biotechnology Organization (BIO), the BIO Health Section Governing Body, the BIO ECS Governing Body, the Donald P. Shiley BioSciences Center at SDSU Scientific Advisory Board, and Cal State San Marcos Advisory Council. Dr. Mento holds Bachelor of Arts, Master of Science, and Ph.D. degrees in microbiology from Rutgers University. He did his post-doctoral fellowship in somatic cell genetics at the University of Toronto. 





Saira Ramasastry
Managing Partner of Life Sciences Advisory




Saira Ramasastry
Managing Partner of Life Sciences Advisory
Saira Ramasastry has served as a member of our Board of Directors since June 2012. Since April 2009 she has served as Managing Partner of Life Sciences Advisory, LLC, a company that she founded to provide strategic advice and business development solutions for life science companies. From 1999 to 2009, Ms. Ramasastry was an investment banker with Merrill Lynch & Company, Inc. where she helped establish the biotechnology practice and was responsible for origination of mergers and acquisitions (M&A), strategic and capital markets transactions. Prior to joining Merrill Lynch she served as a financial analyst in the M&A group at Wasserstein Perella & Co., an investment banking firm. Ms. Ramasastry currently serves on the Industry Advisory Board of the Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson's Research, the board of directors of Pain Therapeutics and Repros Therapeutics, and lead business advisor for the European Prevention of Alzheimer's Dementia (EPAD) consortium. She received a B.A. in Economics with Honors and Distinction and an M.S. in Management Science and Engineering from Stanford University as well as an M. Phil. in Management Studies from the University of Cambridge, where she is a guest lecturer for the Bioscience Enterprise Programme and serves on the Cambridge Judge Business School Advisory Council. 





William Ringo
Director




William Ringo
Director
William R. Ringo has served as a member of our Board of Directors since April 2010. From April 2008 until his retirement in April 2010, Mr. Ringo was the Senior Vice President of Business Development, Strategy and Innovation at Pfizer Inc. and was responsible for guiding Pfizer’s overall strategic planning and business development activities. Prior to joining Pfizer, he served as an executive in residence at Warburg Pincus and Sofinnova Ventures. From August 2004 to April 2006, Mr. Ringo was President and Chief Executive Officer of Abgenix, Inc., a biotechnology firm focused on developing human antibodies as agents to treat cancer and other serious diseases. At Abgenix, he led efforts to transform the organization into a more focused product company by strengthening the senior management team and enhancing an existing partnership with Amgen, which acquired Abgenix in 2006. Mr. Ringo began his career at Eli Lilly & Company in 1973 and during his 28-year tenure he held a number of senior positions, including Product Group President for Oncology and Critical Care, President of Internal Medicine Products, President of the Infectious Diseases Business Unit and Vice President of Sales and Marketing for U.S. Pharmaceuticals. He retired from Lilly in 2001. From 2001 to 2007, he served on various boards of directors, including Encysive Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Inspire Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and InterMune, Inc. where he was the non-executive chairman of the Board of Directors after serving as interim Chief Executive Officer from June to September 2003. Mr. Ringo serves on the Board of Directors of BioCrossroads, a public-private collaboration of corporate, university, government and entrepreneurial leaders that supports Indiana’s life sciences research and corporate strengths in life sciences while encouraging business development in the region. In August 2014, he was appointed to the board of directors of Dermira, a specialty biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of medical dermatology products. Mr. Ringo received a B.S. in Business Administration and an M.B.A. from the University of Dayton. 




 





 





Heartfelt Sympathies Store | William R. Ringo


























Send Flowers


Plant a Tree


Light a Candle


Donations








For questions or help ordering please call
    1-844-249-9510

















Need help with your order?
1-844-249-9510
|
support@heartfeltsympathies.com



Memorial Candle










 There are some errors in your form.













                                            One Month                                        


                                                $10.00                                            
















                                            One Year                                        


                                                $20.00                                            
















                                            Forever                                        


                                                $50.00                                            








Enter Value:



$







 Candle From *
            0/50


                This field is required.
            

                The name or signature to be displayed with your online memorial candle.
            





 Message
            0/500


                The message to be displayed with your memorial candle.
            





Continue to Checkout










Description


Product Details




                    The solitude and quiet peace of a flickering candle has long been a symbol of remembrance.
The Memorial Candle Program has been designed to help offset the costs associated with hosting this Tribute 
Website in perpetuity. Through the lighting of a memorial candle, your thoughtful gesture will be recorded
 and the proceeds will go directly towards helping ensure that the 
family and friends of William R. Ringo can continue to memorialize, re-visit, interact with each 
other and enhance this tribute for future generations.

                



Candle will be lit for the limited time of one month


Candle will be lit for the limited time of one year


Candle will be lit indefinitely

Candle message preserved on the memorial site for perpetuity





















© Heartfelt Sympathies 2017
Terms of Use
Shipping
Returns
Privacy Policy



















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





we also search social networks:

















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















