










 




Risk Paradigm Group, LLC













Risk Paradigm Group, LLC is a financial services firm that provides high net worth individuals, families, businesses, charities, foundations and endowments with investment advisory and management services.  We service our clients from our offices in Austin, Boston and Chicago.


Forgot Password | Request ID







HomeFamily Wealth AdvisoryAsset ManagementContact Us




RPg Family Wealth Advisory is an independent family office advisory group that provides comprehensive family wealth planning strategies and fiduciary services by
offering an experienced perspective on your financial picture. Through a thoughtful, practical approach, our Advisors are committed to working with you and your
family members to establish and achieve financial goals so you can pass on your legacy of values, integrity and wealth for generations to come.

RPg Asset Management was established to provide expertise for investment portfolios requiring exposure to traditional Alternative Investments such as hedge funds, commercial real estate and private equity. Our objective is to preserve capital while providing attractive investment returns through an institutional risk management process and risk weighted asset allocation.

Privacy PolicyDisclaimer








RISK PARADIGM GROUP LLC Burlington MA, 01803 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Business Services
Risk Paradigm Group LLC
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Risk Paradigm Group LLC



25 Mall Rd

Burlington,
							
							
							 MA
							
							
							 01803-4156
							
							 |  view map


(617) 777-6639

www.riskparadigmgroup.com


						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

RISK PARADIGM GROUP LLC is in the Business Services, N.E.C. industry in Burlington, MA.  This company currently has approximately 1 to 5 employees  and  annual sales of $500,000 to $999,999.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Industry:
						Business Services, N.E.C.
					

Ownership: Private
						
					

Year Founded:
						2011
					

Sales Range:
						$500,000 to $999,999
					

Employees:
						1 to 5


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


Coats Electric CO Inc


Barnes & Noble


Montgomery Marine Repair


RAM Enterprises Inc


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


Walbro


Hammer & CO


University of Alaska Fairbanks


Ideal Construction CO








Community Payment Ratings

Average:



✪
•
•
•
•


								1.0
							


							( Based on
							
							1
							Rating
							
							)
						












								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
								
								(
								1
								review)
								
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Risk Paradigm Group LLC
Rate Risk Paradigm Group LLC on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Risk Paradigm Group LLC
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOGT JAMES B MD
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VOGUE
VOLTAIRE
VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
W & B TRUCKING INC
VUDEN INC
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

POWERHOUSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY INC
AIR CONDITIONING SEC
CROSS COUNTY BANCSHARES INC
JL LOPER CONSTRUCTION
L & L MACHINE TOOL
GOODY 2 SHOES
CONTORNO INC
ADVENT I LLC
SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION
WESTERN SUN SHUTTLE INC

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
AZURADISC
STINGER WELDING INC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
PANALPINA INC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  























Risk Paradigm Group, LLC




 

 

Institutions
People
Ownership
Securities
Calendar
Tracking
Reports
Admin
BD Mail













Contact Information



Phone



Address



Website






Portfolio Information



Reported Total Holdings (USD)



Stated Total Holdings



Reported Equity Assets



Reported Fixed Income Assets



Reported Cash



Reported Other



Portfolio Turnover



FI Portfolio Turnover






General Information



Overview 



Analytics 



People 



Lists 



Holding 



Funds 



Action 



Asset Class 



InstitutionType



Style 



Dominant Orientation 






Application Functionality



Detailed Investor Prospecting



Intuitive CRM



Robust Analytics



Integrated Communication Tools









Home > Institutions > Sample profile for Risk Paradigm Group, LLC
 









Sample Profile for Risk Paradigm Group, LLC 

 





 










Activity







Quick Profile











 Primary Contact(s): 
 Designated Primary Contact


























Location
Austin, United States  





Fix Data






Address
Street Address, Austin,Texas xxxxx, United States
Phone
+x xxx-xxx-xxxx


Website
Request Now
Fax
+x xxx-xxx-xxxx


Asset Class
Request Now
 











Institution Type
Request Now
 


Style
Request Now
 


Dominant Orientation
Request Now
 


Equity Portfolio Turnover
xx%
 


Reported Total Holdings (USD, mm) 3/9/2011
xxx,xxx.xx
 


Stated Total Holdings (USD, mm)
x,xxx,xxx.xx
 




Portfolio Breakdown










Reported Equity Assets (USD, mm) 3/9/2011
xxx,xxx.xx


Reported Fixed Income Assets (USD, mm) 2/28/2011
xx,xxx.xx


Reported Cash (USD, mm)
xx,xxx.xx


Reported Other (USD, mm)
x,xxx.xx


 


 




Asset Allocation
















































Add to Institution List









Remove from Lists









Briefing Book Report









Edit Institution









Disable BD Auto Update









Merge Institution






















































Overview
    Provides a general overview of the entity; including regional offices, M&A history and date founded.
Equity Investment Approach
Provides a detailed overview of how the entity approaches investment in the equity markets; including funds of note, strategy and other critical information. 
Fixed Income Investment Approach
Provides a detailed overview of how the entity approaches investment in the fixed income markets; including funds of note, strategy and other critical information. 











  


 


   


















Ipreo's BD product suite offers access to the most accurate and comprehensive database covering the global investment community in the industry.  With solutions built specifically to cater to the workflows of capital markets and investor relations professionals, Ipreo's BD applications include global multi-asset class institutional contact data, investor profiles, and robust ownership information - all powered by the industry-leading Bigdough database - over 115,000 contacts at more than 23,000 financial institutions globally, buy-side and sell-side, equity and fixed income, including 16,000 hedge-fund contacts. This database is seamlessly integrated with advanced investor screening capabilities, intuitive search features, and powerful CRM and messaging functions. Ipreo's mission is to ensure our clients establish personal relationships with the right investors and manage those relationships effortlessly. 



Home > Erik G. Mermagen
 









Sample Contact 







 










Activity







Mail







Quick Profile








 






















Job Function
Portfolio Manager 





Fix Data






Institution Name
Risk Paradigm Group, LLC

 


Address
Request Now  
 


Mailling address
Request Now 
 


Email


Sales@ipreo.com




 


Telephone
+xx xx-xxxx-xxxx
 
Fax
+xx xx-xxxx-xxxx
 







 Provides an overview of the firm that the contact is associated with. 







































Designate Primary









Add to Contact List









Add to Institution List









Remove From My Contacts









Remove from Lists









Export Vcard









Edit Contact









Exclude From Mail









Disable BD Auto Update









Merge Contact









Briefing Book Report









Sync with Outlook









































Education
Educational background on the contact.


Biography

                                            Overview of the contact's current role, historical employment and  other important background information.


Scouting Report
Provides unique insight into fund managers' decision-making criteria, and gives detailed information about your investors and marketplace.


Funds Managed
Provides a list of the funds managed by the contact.  
											 






  


 


   














Ipreo's BD product suite offers access to the most accurate and comprehensive database covering the global investment community in the industry.  With solutions built specifically to cater to the workflows of capital markets and investor relations professionals, Ipreo's BD applications include global multi-asset class institutional contact data, investor profiles, and robust ownership information - all powered by the industry-leading Bigdough database - over 115,000 contacts at more than 23,000 financial institutions globally, buy-side and sell-side, equity and fixed income, including 16,000 hedge-fund contacts. This database is seamlessly integrated with advanced investor screening capabilities, intuitive search features, and powerful CRM and messaging functions. Ipreo's mission is to ensure our clients establish personal relationships with the right investors and manage those relationships effortlessly. 
 
 
 
 
 
 








© 2011 
            Ipreo Holdings LLC. All rights reserved. Patents pending. 

 Third Party Data 
 Disclaimer 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms of Use 








RISK PARADIGM GROUP, LLC - AUSTIN, TX - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



AUSTIN



Insurance Agents, Brokers, and Service



Insurance Agents, Brokers, And Service



                            RISK PARADIGM GROUP, LLC
                                    



 





















R 


RISK PARADIGM GROUP, LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



5900 SUTHWEST PKWY BLDG 5 AUSTIN, TX 78735
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated TX
 Annual Revenue $150,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Insurance Agents, Brokers, And Service
 Contacts DAVID M GATTI






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Risk Paradigm Group, Llc was founded in 2010. The company is located in Austin and incorporated in Texas. Risk Paradigm Group, Llc specializes in Insurance Agents, Brokers, And Service. Risk Paradigm Group, Llc has 2 employees and estimated revenues of $150,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







R

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Risk Paradigm Group, LLC | Wealthminder











































Risk Paradigm Group, LLC


Risk Paradigm Group, LLC
(CRD# 155870) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Austin, TX.
They
manage $234,361,000 in 135 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 4 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Risk Paradigm Group, LLC




5900 Southwest Parkway, Building 5, Suite 500,
Austin,
TX
78735
(866) 726-5150
http://www.rpgassetmanagement.com




http://www.rpgassetmanagement.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

234
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

135
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$1,736,007







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for investment companies (as well as "business development companies")
Portfolio management for pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies)
Selection of other advisers (including private fund managers)








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




FL, MA, MI, TX






Financial Advisors at Risk Paradigm Group, LLC




Showing 1 - 2 of 2 top financial advisors.





1















Christopher S. Jensen



CRD#:
5870541



150 South Wacker Drive, Suite 1700,
Chicago,
IL
60606




93

Wealthminder
score








Christopher Jensen (CRD# 5870541) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Risk Paradigm Group, LLC in Chicago, IL and has 
over 7 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Jason A. McGinty



CRD#:
4499263



5900 Southwest Parkway, Building 5, Suite 500,
Austin,
TX
78735




93

Wealthminder
score








Jason McGinty (CRD# 4499263) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Risk Paradigm Group, LLC in Austin, TX and has 
over 15 years
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now
















Risk Paradigm Group, LLC













Risk Paradigm Group, LLC is a financial services firm that provides high net worth individuals, families, businesses, charities, foundations and endowments with investment advisory and management services.  We service our clients from our offices in Austin, Boston and Chicago.


Forgot Password | Request ID







HomeFamily Wealth AdvisoryAsset ManagementContact Us



Disclaimer
RPG Family Wealth Advisory, LLC (“FWA”) is a Registered Investment Advisor (“RIA”), registered in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. FWA provides asset management and related services for clients nationally. FWA will file and maintain all applicable licenses as required by the state securities boards and/or the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), as applicable. FWA renders individualized responses to persons in a particular state only after complying with the state's regulatory requirements, or pursuant to an applicable state exemption or exclusion.

This web site is intended to provide general information about FWA. It is not intended to offer investment advice. Information regarding investment products and services are provided solely to read about our investment philosophy, our strategies and to be able to contact us for further information.
Market data, articles and other content on this web site are based on generally-available information and are believed to be reliable. FWA does not guarantee the accuracy of the information contained in this web site. The information is of a general nature and should not be construed as investment advice.
FWA will provide all prospective clients with a copy of our current Form ADV, Part 2 (&ldquo;Brochure&rdquo;) prior to commencing an Advisory relationship. Existing clients will receive a copy on an annual basis. However, at anytime, you can view our current Form ADV, Part 2 on our web site. In addition, you can Contact Us to request a hardcopy.
If you have any questions regarding Compliance and Regulatory information, please Contact Us.

Privacy PolicyDisclaimer




 



Risk Paradigm Group LLC Expands Operations to Create a Fully Integrated Financial Services Firm | Business Wire


























































Risk Paradigm Group LLC Expands Operations to Create a Fully 
      Integrated Financial Services Firm






Launches Family Wealth Advisory Business


Expands Asset Management Product Offering


Names David M. Gatti Chief Executive Officer


Teams with Dynasty Financial Partners to Enhance Wealth Advisory and 
      Asset Management Capabilities










Download



Full Size


Small


Preview


Thumbnail










David Gatti, CEO Risk Paradigm Group (Photo: Business Wire)


???pagination.previous???
???pagination.next???







David Gatti, CEO Risk Paradigm Group (Photo: Business Wire)





Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail


















Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail














October 03, 2011 09:14 AM Eastern Daylight Time



BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Risk 
      Paradigm Group LLC (“RPg”) announced today that it is expanding its 
      business operations to create a fully-integrated financial services firm 
      that will provide a diversified suite of investment products and 
      services to clients. The firm is launching a family wealth advisory 
      business through the addition of a Boston-based advisor team from Morgan 
      Stanley Smith Barney (“MSSB”) led by David M. Gatti, and the acquisition 
      of the investment advisory branch of RAM Financial Group in Austin, 
      Texas, led by Mark B. Reinking. Mr. Gatti has been named Chief Executive 
      Officer of RPg.
    


      The firm also is expanding its asset management product offering with a 
      new fund, ICP Endowment Stability Fund (“ESF”), which will complement 
      the firm’s flagship Diversified Risk Parity Fund (“DRP”, NASDAQ: DRPIX).
    

      In addition, RPg announced that it is partnering with Dynasty Financial 
      Partners to enhance its family wealth advisory and asset management 
      capabilities and better serve clients as a fully integrated financial 
      services firm.
    

      “I am thrilled to be joining the firm at such an important time in the 
      market,” said Mr. Gatti, CEO of RPg. “Our new diversified offering is 
      backed by one of the finest teams in the industry and unites a distinct 
      set of values focused solely on managing risk and delivering consistent 
      returns. We offer access to world-class products and services, and 
      unbiased advice to meet the sophisticated investing and wealth 
      management needs of our clients.”
    

INTRODUCTION OF RPg FAMILY WEALTH ADVISORY


RPg 
      Family Wealth Advisory, the newly formed wealth management business, 
      will be headed by Mr. Reinking and will offer comprehensive family 
      wealth planning strategies and fiduciary services, including investment 
      advisory and asset management; philanthropic, retirement and estate 
      planning; risk control & liquidity solutions; and private banking 
      services. Mr. Gatti and Mr. Reinking are bringing to RPg Family Wealth 
      Advisory key members of their respective wealth management teams, 
      including Hugh Maginnis of MSSB, and Jason McGinty and Adam Reinking of 
      RAM Financial Group, who join RPg as Partners.
    

      “Our approach to multi-generational wealth management is about the 
      convergence of values,” said Mark Reinking, Managing Director of RPg 
      Family Wealth Advisory. “David and I were introduced by one of our 
      mutual Family Office clients. At RAM, we had designed and implemented 
      their estate insurance plan, and David had been managing their hedge 
      fund book. Our mutual client recognized that our teams approach due 
      diligence and risk management very similarly, and thought we would enjoy 
      meeting one another. Indeed we did. Subsequently, David and I have 
      worked jointly for scores of clients over the last three years, and I am 
      delighted now to converge our teams at RPg.”
    

      The new Family Wealth Advisory will complement RPg’s existing 
      alternative asset management business, RPg 
      Asset Management, which specializes in the comprehensive analysis, 
      measurement and application of risk management principles to proprietary 
      and custom diversified investment portfolios for foundations, charities, 
      endowments and qualified private investors. The combined offering will 
      allow RPg to provide clients with diversified financial services from 
      offices in Austin, Boston and Chicago.
    

ADDITION OF ENDOWMENT STABILITY FUND TO RPg ASSET MANAGEMENT


      RPg already manages its flagship DRP Fund, an SEC-registered alternative 
      mutual fund structure that provides hedge fund return stream replication 
      with actively managed risk overlays. It will now be complemented by ESF, 
      a multi-strategy, multi-asset class fund of hedge funds managed to 
      emulate the returns of university endowment portfolios.
    

      “The addition of ESF aligns our collective view of managing risk first,” 
      said Chris Jensen, RPg’s Chief Operating Officer and Managing Director 
      of ESF. “From that perspective, ESF and DRP Fund give both investment 
      professionals, and clients, alternative solutions that provide an array 
      of non-correlating strategies and liquidity terms.”
    

      “The strength of our asset management offering lies in our ability to 
      move beyond traditional investment management by employing a unique 
      quantitative and qualitative approach to deliver exposure to 
      non-traditional asset class investments,” said Jason McGinty, Portfolio 
      Manager of RPg Asset Management. “Through the addition of ESF, our 
      clients gain access to a diverse asset allocation strategy, while 
      receiving the benefits of truly objective and transparent portfolio 
      management.”
    

STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIP WITH DYNASTY FINANCIAL


      RPg also announced today a partnership with Dynasty 
      Financial Partners (“Dynasty”), a leading provider of investment and 
      technology platforms for independent financial advisors with 
      sophisticated client needs, to enhance the firm’s asset management and 
      family wealth advisory divisions. The open-architecture platform at 
      Dynasty, founded by a group of former Citi Smith Barney executives and 
      led by Todd 
      Thomson and Shirl 
      Penney, comprises the best technology, research, solutions and 
      products available in the industry today. RPg will have access to a 
      broad range of services powered by Dynasty including custody, contact 
      management systems, investment analytics technology, and proposal 
      generation.
    

      “In today’s marketplace, it is absolutely essential that financial 
      advisors have the autonomy and independence to act as true fiduciaries 
      for their clients,” said Chris Jensen, RPg’s Chief Operating Officer. 
      “Utilizing Dynasty’s comprehensive suite of technology and investment 
      solutions will allow us to focus on our investment strategies and better 
      serve our clients across the country.”
    

      Shirl Penney, President and CEO of Dynasty, said, “It is a pleasure for 
      Todd and me to be working with David Gatti again, and to welcome RPg to 
      the Dynasty network. As an advocate for independence, we value RPg’s 
      commitment to providing truly objective solutions and superior results 
      for their clients. David has long been considered an expert in the 
      private wealth management industry – he was recognized for his talent by 
      earning the Private Wealth Associate distinction from the Citi Family 
      Office, an internal honor shared by less than 2% of the advisors at MSSB 
      – and we are thrilled to partner with him and his team.”
    

      Mr. Gatti said, “Acting as a transparent fiduciary for our clients is 
      our top priority. With the help of Dynasty, a firm who shares RPg’s 
      vision for how clients should be served, every aspect of our asset 
      management and family wealth advisory businesses is enhanced. It’s truly 
      a privilege to join the Dynasty platform, which offers the best 
      resources for our clients’ needs along with a talented, full-service 
      team to guide us to the best services for our businesses.”
    

ABOUT RISK PARADIGM GROUP LLC


      Risk Paradigm Group LLC is an independent, diversified, and 
      fully-integrated financial services firm providing asset management and 
      wealth management services to meet the sophisticated investing and 
      wealth management needs of individual, professional, and institutional 
      clients. Through RPg Asset Management and RPg Family Wealth Advisory, 
      the firm offers policy-based strategies to manage risk and deliver 
      consistent value to its clients. For more information, please visit www.RiskParadigmGroup.com.
    

ABOUT DYNASTY FINANCIAL PARTNERS


      Dynasty Financial Partners is the leading provider of investment and 
      technology platforms for independent financial advisors with 
      sophisticated client needs. Dynasty offers a comprehensive 
      open-architecture platform of the finest wealth management solutions and 
      technology to help independent advisors best protect and grow their 
      clients’ wealth with absolute objectivity. Dynasty’s core principle is 
      “objectivity without compromise,” which means the firm is committed to 
      providing solutions that allow investment advisors to act as true 
      fiduciaries to their clients. With Dynasty, independent investment 
      advisors have access to the best technology, research, solutions and 
      products available in the industry today, without the limitations and 
      conflicts that exist within wirehouses and banks. For more information, 
      please visit www.dynastyfinancialpartners.com.
    

      Photos/Multimedia Gallery Available: http://www.businesswire.com/cgi-bin/mmg.cgi?eid=50015163&lang=en





Contacts

MEDIA:RLM FinsburySteven Goldberg, 646-805-2027Will 
      Briganti, 646-805-2034dynasty@rlmfinsbury.comorFOR 
      RISK PARADIGM GROUP:David Westcott, 914-672-0892David@WestcottAMM.com



















Contacts

MEDIA:RLM FinsburySteven Goldberg, 646-805-2027Will 
      Briganti, 646-805-2034dynasty@rlmfinsbury.comorFOR 
      RISK PARADIGM GROUP:David Westcott, 914-672-0892David@WestcottAMM.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












