    Patty Riskind | Press Ganey Associates Inc | ZoomInfo.com










 


      L. Patricia Riskind - Insider Monkey                          Companies 0 See All     Hedge Funds 0 See All    Insiders 0 See All    Institutional Investors 0 See All   Click here to see all  results for  Sorry, no results has been found matching your query.                   Adblocker Detected    Dear Valued Visitor, We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker software.
    Although advertisements on the web pages may degrade your experience, our business certainly depends on them and we can only keep providing you high-quality research based articles as long as we can display ads on our pages. To view this article, you can disable your ad blocker and refresh this page or simply login. We only allow registered users to use ad blockers. You can sign up for free by clicking here or you can login if you are already a member.       Home > Insider Trading > L. Patricia Riskind
				> Profile    L. Patricia Riskind    Profile Insider Purchases Insider Sales News      Affiliations  Chief Clientexperience Officer at Press Ganey Holdings Inc. (PGND), 2016-10-25     Insider Trading: Sales See All      Company Symbol Price Amount Relationship Remaining Holdings Date Form 4    Press Ganey Holdings Inc. PGND $40.22 35,948 Officer 77,434 2016-09-19 Filing   Press Ganey Holdings Inc. PGND $40.32 15,943 Officer 113,382 2016-09-16 Filing   Press Ganey Holdings Inc. PGND $40.39 48,109 Officer 129,325 2016-09-15 Filing   Press Ganey Holdings Inc. PGND $37.46 41,937 Officer 178,056 2016-06-17 Filing   Press Ganey Holdings Inc. PGND $37.25 44,495 Officer 219,993 2016-06-16 Filing                Home Hedge Funds Markets Blog Authors About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map  All text and design is copyright ©2016 Koala Guide LLC. All rights reserved.             

Patricia L. Riskind: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:02 AM ET
Health Care Technology

Company Overview of Press Ganey Holdings, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Patricia L. Riskind  Chief Client Experience Officer, Press Ganey Holdings, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 0 Board Members in 0 different organizations across 3 different industries.51--
Background

		Ms. Patricia L. Riskind, also known as Patty, has been Chief Client Experience Officer at Press Ganey Holdings, Inc. since September 2013. Ms. Riskind serves as the Chief Client Experience Officer of Press Ganey Associates, Inc. Ms. Riskind joined Press Ganey in 2009 and is responsible for delivering best-in-class service and support to Press Ganey ’s clients. She oversees a team of nearly 250 implementation and improvement experts, including more than 30 clinicians ... at Press Ganey. Under her leadership, the Account Management team provides dedicated support in the execution and management of Press Ganey’s Patient Experience and Employee & Physician Engagement solutions. Ms. Riskind is the Founder of PatientImpact LLC and serves as its President and Chief Executive Officer. She has more than 25 years of health care industry experience, focusing on utilizing and applying data and analytics for strategic planning, marketing, operations and quality improvement. Her expertise includes establishing partnerships, extending product lines, measuring patient or customer satisfaction, and creating marketing and sales strategies for health care organizations. She served as Senior Vice President of Client Services at Press Ganey Holdings, Inc. from August 2012 to September 2013 and as its Senior Vice President of Medical Sales from November 2009 to August 2012. Prior to starting PatientImpact, Ms. Riskind Co-Founded 3d Health, Inc. Previously, she served as Chief Operating Officer of Tiber Group, a part of Navigant Consulting; Executive Director of business development for Health Forum, a subsidiary of the American Hospital Association; Vice President of operations for Dorenfest and Associates and Vice President of Product Development for Sachs Group (now Solucient, LLC). She is actively involved in several entrepreneurial acceleration programs. She serves as a mentor for The Founders Institute, HealthBox, and has participated in Northwestern University’s Kellogg graduate program mentoring students getting entrepreneurship. She is the president of Kellogg’s Health Enterprise Management Alumni Club and a member of the American College of Healthcare Executives (ACHE), the Health Information Management Systems Society (HIMSS), the Society for Healthcare Strategy and Market Development (SHSMD), and several other health care associations. She regularly speaks on a variety of topics including best practices for improving the patient experience and the impact CGCAHPS and the Value Based Modifier Pay-for-Performance Program has on physician practice reimbursement, incentives, and performance. Ms. Riskind is the president of The Kellogg Graduate School's Health Enterprise Management Alumni Club and a member of the American College of Healthcare Executives, the Health Information Management Systems Society, and the Society for Healthcare Strategy and Market Development. Ms. Riskind holds a Bachelor of Arts degree with honors from Brown University and a Masters of Business Administration from the J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management, Northwestern University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
401 Edgewater PlaceWakefield, Massachusetts 01880United StatesPhone: 781-295-5000Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
BA Brown UniversityMBA J.L. Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University
Other Affiliations
Brown UniversityPress Ganey Associates, Inc.J.L. Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern UniversityPatientImpact LLC


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Press Ganey Holdings, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Patricia Riskind, Press Ganey Holdings Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  























Feedback





Patricia Riskind

Chief Client Experiance Ofcr,
Press Ganey Holdings Inc






Career History




Chief Client Experiance Ofcr
Press Ganey Holdings Inc, 5/2015-PRESENT


Chief Client Experiance Ofcr
PGA Holdings Inc, 9/2013-5/2015


Senoir VP:Client Services
PGA Holdings Inc, 8/2012-9/2013


Senior VP:Medical Sales
PGA Holdings Inc, 11/2009-8/2012


Show More









Website:
www.pressganey.com






Corporate Information
Address:

401 Edgewater Place
Suite 500
Wakefield, MA 02421
United States


Phone:
1-781-295-5000


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.pressganey.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Brown University in Providence in The State of Rhode Island & Providence Plantat
Bachelor's Degree


Northwestern University
MBA








Memberships



Other Memberships




Society for Healthcare Strategy And Market Development


Member




Health Information Management Systems Society


Member




American College of Healthcare Executives


Member




Kellogg Graduate School's Health Enterprise Management Alumn


President



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Patricia Riskland (L), 51  - Wilmette, IL | MyLife.com™ Background Profile



































Search for your public page


First Name



Last Name



City





Search


*All fields are required
Already a member? Log in












Home




People Search






IL






Wilmette




Patricia Riskland












About & Contact Info






                    Photos && Social Posts






Reviews & Ratings





Court & ArrestRecords





Friends & Family















View Photos



 Edit/Remove

Patricia Riskland
 Wilmette, IL
 Age: 51 -
								01/05/1966








AKA:
                                                Patricia L Riskind, Patricia Riskind, Patricia R Salvadore, Patricia Riskind-pickens, Patricia Salvadore














Chief Executive Officer
at
Patientimpact llc









                                    Single






Has Kids







                                    Democrat Party









Education Info





  Edit/Remove My Info

View Full Contact Info
- OR -
View Full Background Details







Reputation Score:
4.00/5




4.00

							        	
													(1 Review)
												






                                        Rate:
                                        
                                            Patricia










Improve my Rating
                                                |  
                                                 Ask others to Rate




Ranking: 
Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD











  Edit/Remove My Info
Contact Info







View Phone Number










****@patientimpact.com

                                
                                     |  Send Message











82*** **** Ave


Wilmette, IL 60091







View Full Contact Details
- OR -
View Full Background Details








 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 4}} more
 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 3}} more



Summary:
                    
                        Patricia Riskland  was born in 1966.
        Patricia
                   currently lives in 



Wilmette
.
        
                     Before that, she lived in
                        



Evanston
, IL
                                          from 2008 to 2009.
                                    















About & Contact Information


Patricia's Story






Please Wait...


            Patricia Riskland  was born in 1966.
            Patricia
                currently lives in 



Wilmette
.
            
                        Before that, she lived in
                        



Evanston
, IL
                                        from 2008 to 2009.
                                    

Views & Opinions

Gun Control Supporter
Hilary Clinton Supporter
Marriage Equality Supporter
Pro-Choice Supporter






Contact Information





                            This section includes information on Addresses, Phone Numbers, and Email Addresses
                        




                                                Recent Address
                                            
82*** **** Ave
Wilmette, IL
View Address


Past Address
81*** **** Ln




Wilmette
, IL
View Address


Past Address
18*** **** Ave




Wilmette
, IL
View Address


Past Address
10*** **** Rd




Highland Park
, IL
View Address


Past Address





Evanston
, IL
View Address


Past Address





Wilmette
, IL
View Address


Past Address





Highland Park
, IL
View Address




Email Address
****@patientimpact.com
View Email





    Patricia may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Patricia's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                




View Full Phone, Email & Address Details





Work History








                                Chief Executive Officer at
                                

                                 Patientimpact llc 





                                President & CEO at
                                

                                 Patientimpact llc 





                                Chief Executive Officer at
                                

                                 3d health inc. 
(2002 to 2004)





                                Chief Operating Officer at
                                

                                 Tiber group 
(2000 to 2002)





                        View Details
                     





School History




    Patricia may have Education Information - Check Full Background Report to see possible education history including where and when they attending high school and college, and a complete list of their high school class list.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Properties




    Patricia may have Properties - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known properties. This may contain information such as address, market value, purchase price,  and loan amount.


                View Full Background Details
            





Corporate Affiliations




    Patricia may have Corporate Affiliations - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known corporate affiliations. This may contain information such as company name, job title, address, and time period of service.


                View Full Background Details
            





Licenses and Permits




    Patricia may have Licenses & Permits - Check Full Background Report to see weapons permits, Federal Aviation Administration pilot licenses and Drug Enforcement Administration licenses for prescribing controlled pharmaceuticals. If applicable, you will also see Patricia's license number and expiration date.
                

                View Full Background Details
            






Photos & Social Posts


Photos









ViewPhotos





    Patricia may have Photos - Check Full Background Report to see possible pictures and photo albums found from social and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Social Posts





View Social Posts



    We did not find any Social Posts records after searching multiple government records, social and public sources. As part of your premium service, we will continue to search and notify you when we find new information.



    Patricia may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Patricia's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                





Reviews & Ratings





Patricia Riskland's Reputation Score:
4.00/5



4.00

						        	
                                            (1 Review)
                                        







                                    Rate:
                                    
                                        Patricia










Improve my Rating
                                            |  
                                             Ask others to Rate
                                            |  
                                            Write a Review




Ranking:  Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD

















Jeffrey Tinsley, CEO & Founder of Mylife.com

Personal Review









Reply










×
Showing balanced reviews improves the credibility of your positive reviews, so consider keeping them.Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
Yes
No








×
Your request has been sent.
Close









        Court & Arrest Records
        
            
            
                
            
        
    


Arrest and Criminal Records




    Patricia may have Arrest and Criminal Records - Check Full Background Report to see possible arrest or conviction records we have found on Patricia. This may include any DUIs, traffic tickets and outstanding warrants. When applicable, we may show where the crime occurred and provide details about the offense.


                View Full Background Details
            





Sex Offender Status




    Patricia may have Sexual Offenses - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of any and all sex offenses Patricia may have been convicted of and his current sex offender status if applicable.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies




    Patricia may have Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies - Check Full Background Report to see local, state and federal court documents, sensitive legal information and any litigation that Patricia may have been involved in.  We'll reveal arrest details like case numbers, offense descriptions, and booking dates, where available.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Family & Friends


Relatives/Associates






 KR



                                                        KennethRiskind


                                                      Tucson, AZ



 SR



                                                        SusanRiskind


                                                      Chicago, IL



 PR



                                                        PeterRiskind


                                                      Deerfield, IL



 JR



                                                        JudithRiskind


                                                      Tucson, AZ



 KR



                                                        KennethRiskind


                                                      Tucson, AZ



 RS



                                                        RichardSalvadore


                                                      Winnetka, IL



 DR



                                                        DeborahRiskind


                                                      Deerfield, IL



 KR



                                                        KennethRiskind


                                                      Highland Park, IL



 MR



                                                        MichaelRiskind


                                                      Saugerties, NY



 GP



                                                        GaryPickens


                                                      Wilmette, IL




                                    View More Relatives
                                





Classmates




    Patricia may have a record of associated Classmates - Check Full Background Report to see possible who they are and full classlists  found from school records and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Neighborhood Information | Information based on current address








Age








Education Level










Household Income








Estimated Home Values










Top Buying Habits








Top Interests & Hobbies



















A Full Background Report Includes



Find Background Profiles & Reputation Scores for Everyone in the U.S.



                            MyLife searches government, social & public sources to pull together all details in one place
                        




                            Contact details include addresses, email, phone numbers, photos & social profiles and more
                        




                            Background checks include arrest & court records, education & work history, personal reviews and more to asses anyone's reputation
                        



Only MyLife Helps You Improve Your Background Report & Reputation Score



                            Edit & correct your own Background Report to look your best to employers, clients, friends, dates & others searching for you on Google.
                        




                            Ask friends, family, employers & clients to review you to improve your public Reputation Score.
                        




                            Remove your information from sites you can't control to protect your privacy
                        



See What MyLife Customers Are Saying

                        "When considering new tenants, you should always
                        check and verify their background to feel secure
                        & protected. MyLife makes it easy"
                    


- Ron W.




 








Home




People Search






IL






Wilmette




Patricia Riskland





Back to Top




















×
Send Message


Message sent
An error has occurred, please try again later...


How do you know this person?

Please select (used to notify recipient)
Unknown
College
High School
Junior High School
Grade School
Met on MyLife.com
Is My Friend
Related to Me
Mutual Friend
Work
Club or Organization
Religion Affiliation
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Found You Through a Dating Service
Found Your Service



Subject



Message




 Add/Track Contact
							







SEND NOW

















×


					Your message has been sent.
				











×
Help Patricia build his reputation & public image 
Thank you for rating Patricia Riskland
Please provide additional details to give people more insight into Patricia's reputation. 



Sorry! We were unable to submit your review


                                        Please select at least one quality
                                    




Does Patricia have these qualities?
Deselect all







Personal
Professional
Dating





 Smart
 Loyal
 Honest
 Good listener
 Humble
 Generous
 Fun
 Easy going
 Optimistic
 Kind
I would NOT be friends with Patricia
 I would be friends

Is there anything you want to say about her on a personal level?
  (Optional)




 Responsible
 Hardworking
 Intelligent
 Collaborative
 Creative
 Resourceful
 Motivated
 Flexible
 Ambitious
 Articulate
I would NOT work with Patricia

Is there anything you want to say about her on a professional level?
  (Optional)




 Faithful
 Respectful
 Understanding
 Funny
 Romantic
 Sexy
 Smart
 Passionate
 Good looking
 Good listener
 I would NOT date Patricia

Is there anything you want to say about her concerning dating?
  (Optional)




You are responsible for your submissions, which must be true, lawful and not violate any person's rights. You agree to our User Agreement.







How do you know Patricia?*

Friends
                                          Friend
Professional
Dating
Family Member
Neighbor
School
Club or Organization
Religious
Myself
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Other







    Post anonymously
?






















































POST REVIEW








×

                        
                                Two Ways to Improve your Score
                            




Correct and Edit your extended background details
Correct & Edit


Ask Family & Friends  for positive reviews
  Send an Email
Share on Facebook










×





























×





Search to Find Background Reports & Publicly Exposed Personal Details on Anyone including Yourself.
Are You Patricia Riskland?


YES
See & control your exposed background info
See, Monitor & Enhance Your Background Report that People are Viewing.


NO
See public background info on  Patricia 
See Background Report to Learn  the Truth about Patricia .











×





Thank you. We received your vote.











×






GET AN ADDITIONAL PREMIUM REPORT ON Patricia Riskland
Premium data contains highly sensitive  info such as:

Arrest Records
Wealth & Assets
Lawsuits & Liens
Licenses & Permits
Sexual Offenses
Corp. Affiliations




                            In order to access the sensitive info on a Premium Report today, an additional fee is required. Remember, you do not need to purchase a Premium Report to access the info that is available in Standard Reports.
                        
BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
No, thank you




THANK YOU FOR YOUR PURCHASE
Your Premium Report is now Ready
CLICK HERE TO SEE REPORT




There is a problem authorizing your charge on this card. Please try your card again or try another card.























Credit Card No.






Expiry Date

MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12


Year

                                                        2017

                                                        2018

                                                        2019

                                                        2020

                                                        2021

                                                        2022

                                                        2023

                                                        2024

                                                        2025

                                                        2026

                                                        2027

                                                        2028

                                                        2029

                                                        2030

                                                        2031

                                                        2032

                                                        2033




CVC 









BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
















×
You now have access to view Patricia Riskland's Premium Background Report.

The information in this report is gathered from Government, Social & Public Records gathered from across the web.

                                    Access Patricia's Premium Background Report
                                    









×
MyLife Protects & Builds Your Reputation


MyLife gathers up-to-date Government, Social & Public Records so you know what's public everywhere online and help you build your reputation for employers, friends and others that search for you here and on Google.
We recommended you:

Edit & Correct Your Background Report
Complete Your Profile Providing Positive Details
Ask Friends for Positive Reviews
See Who's Checking Your Background
Remove Unwanted Records You Can't Control










×
Review posted! Register to get reply alerts



New to MyLife? Register today for FREE.

Already a member?  Log in






































Name




Email

We respect your privacy


Message


Register to send your email

Gender

                                I am
                                Male
Female



Birthday


MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12




DD




YYYY


Must be 13 years or older to join


ZIP Code



Password



Confirm Password




FIND MY PAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy




See & Monitor All Background Info That's Public On AnyoneWe'll show you all background information, personal reviews and other details from government records and proprietary sources across the web, plus alert you to changes.
Edit and Add-To Your Background Info, Personal Reviews and Social PostsControl your public details to look good to employers, clients, friends and anyone who finds you online.
Send Messages To Get In Touch With AnyoneGet complete contact info on anyone. Send unlimited messages to make valuable professional and personal contacts.












×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Patricia Riskland










































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












ï¿½
Send a message to  Patricia



Compose your message





































Your name




From



Message




SEND YOUR MESSAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy









×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Patricia Riskland










































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












Find Anyone:

Find Anyone:
A|
B|
C|
D|
E|
F|
G|
H|
I|
J|
K|
L|
M|
N|
O|
P|
Q|
R|
S|
T|
U|
V|
W|
X|
Y|
Z







COMPANY
About Us
Testimonials
Press
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
FAQs




SERVICES
Monitor Your Identity
Remove Your Public Profiles
Background Check
See Who's Searching for You
Connect with Friends & Find People
Manage Your Membership




DIRECTORIES
People Search




Visit us on:












                Copyright © Fri Jul 28 07:02:09 PDT 2017 MyLife.com®, Inc. |
User Agreement |
Privacy Policy
U.S. Patent No. 6,701,348 and 6,694,353








	            * The other websites referenced on this site are owned and operated by their respective companies, and the associated trademarks and logos are the property of those companies. Links are provided for reference only and MyLife.com® does not imply any connection or relationship between MyLife.com® and these companies.
	        



 









Patricia L. Riskind, MBA - Biography

















































































Log in






E-mail



Password







Remember




Forgot password ?









Become a member for free
Sign up





Sign up




New memberSign up for FREE


New customerDiscover our portfolios












 United States
 United Kingdom
 France
 Deutschland
 Schweiz (DE)
 Suisse (FR)










Settings

            Dynamic quotes 


OFFON

















Markets
Equities
North AmericaEuropeAsiaOceaniaMiddle East» More Equities

Indexes
DOW JONESS&P 500NASDAQ 100TSX COMPFTSE 100» More Indexes

Currency / Forex
EUR / USDGBP / USDUSD / JPYUSD / CADAUD / USD» More Currencies

Commodities
GOLDCrude Oil (WTI)Crude Oil (BRENT)SILVERPLATINUM» More Commodities


 News
Latest News
CompaniesMarketsEconomyCurrency / ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinancial calendarEconomic calendar

Listed company
Analyst reco.RumorsIPOsCapital Markets TransactionsNew ContractsProfits warningsAppointmentsPress ReleasesEventsCorporate actions

Sector News
EnergyBasic MaterialsIndustrialsConsumer CyclicalConsumer Non-CyclicalFinancialsHealthcareTechnologyTelecommunications ServicesUtilities


 Analysis
All AnalysisCommentariesIndex AnalysisStock Trading StrategiesCommodity AnalysisForex Analysis

 Stock Picks
All stock picks

 Portfolios
My Portfolio
Virtual portfolios
4-Traders Portfolios
European PortfolioUSA PortfolioAsian Portfolio


 Screeners
Market Screener HomeFundamental Analyse
Top Investor RatingTop Trading RatingTop ConsensusGrowth stocksYield stocksLow valuations

Technical Analysis
Oversold stocksOverbought stocksClose to resistancesClose to supportsAccumulation phaseMost volatile stocks


 Watchlists
My Watchlists
Watchlists
Top Lists
Yield stocksGrowth stocksUndervalued Stocks


 Top / Flop
Top News
Most Read NewsHot News

Top Fundamentals
Top CapitalizationTop YieldTop PERTop ConsensusTop Fundamentals

Top Technicals
Top RSIUnusual volumesTop GapsTop STIM

Top Movers
Top USATop CanadaTop U.K.Top GermanyTop EuropeTop Asia


 Tools
Market ScreenerDynamic chartFinancial calendarEconomic calendarSector researchCurrency converter

 Our Services
Premium AccessDiscover our Services

 



















 






4-Traders Homepage  >  News  >  Business Leaders  >  Business Leaders Biography


Business Leaders




Latest NewsCompaniesMarketsEconomy & ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinance ProfessionalsCalendarSectors HomeAll newsMost read newsBusiness Leaders Biography


 
















Patricia L. Riskind, MBA

Public asset : 3,128,334 USDLinked companies : No connection available 





Summary 



Ms. Patricia L. Riskind is Chief Client Experience Officer at Press Ganey Holdings, Inc., a Member at American College of Healthcare Executives, a Member at Healthcare Information & Management Systems Society and President -Alumni Club at Kellogg School of Management.She is on the Board of Directors at The Society For Healthcare Strategy & Market Development. Ms. Riskind was previously employed as Vice President-Operations by Dorenfest IHDS, Executive Director-Business Development by Health Forum, Vice President-Product Development by Sachs Group, Inc., and Chief Operating Officer by Tiber Group.She received her undergraduate degree from Brown University and an MBA from Kellogg School of Management.



Most Read News 




07/21DJMUKESH AMBANI : Reliance's Ambani Launches Low-Cost Mobile Phone for India



07/21DJINDRA NOOYI : PepsiCo 'Stretches' Managers At Top -- WSJ



07/27 LI KA-SHING : Li Ka-shing's CKI to buy German energy metering firm Ista



07/26DJBERNARD ARNAULT : LVMH's Profit Rises 24% in First Half



07/27 RUPERT MURDOCH : As Murdoch waits, Sky cuts operating costs to protect profits



07/26DJMEG WHITMAN : Meg Whitman Steps Down From HP Board



07/26DJDAVID SIMON : Executive Pay Falls for Big Mall Owners as Retail Storm Rages On



08:48aDJNELSON PELTZ : Procter & Gamble, Peltz Spar on Results -- WSJ



07/27DJJEFF BEZOS : Amazon's Jeff Bezos Becomes World's Richest Person



02:26p CARLOS SLIM : Hutchison's Drei buys Tele2 to rival Carlos Slim in Austria



More news

 


            © 2017 People and Ownership :    









Advertisement








Patricia L. Riskind, MBA : Connections 


No connection available
 







Popular Business Leaders 


 

William Ackman
Bernard Arnault
Mary Barra
Jeff Bezos
Lloyd Blankfein
Michael Bloomberg
Yannick Bolloré
Warren Buffett
Jean-paul Clozel
Gary Cohn
Michael Dell
Jamie Dimon
Ralph Dommermuth
Sebastian Ebel
John Edwards
David Einhorn
Jeff Fettig
Mark Fields
Carlos Ghosn
Terry Gou
David Henry
Carl Icahn
Li Ka-shing
Michel Landel
Daniel Loeb
Maurice Lévy
Jack Ma
Lakshmi Mittal
Rupert Murdoch
Elon Musk
Peter Nicholas
John Paulson
Nelson Peltz
Georges Plassat
Hasso Plattner
Thomas Rabe
Giuseppe Recchi
Wolfgang Reitzle
Wilbur Ross
Charles Schwab
Igor Sechin
Pascal Soriot
George Soros
Rupert Stadler
Bernard Tapie
John Williamson
Thomas Wilson
Dieter Zetsche
Mark Zuckerberg



A-Z Business Leaders




 



























4-traders.com :MarketsNewsAnalysisStock PicksPortfoliosScreenersWatchlistsTop / FlopToolsOur ServicesAbout :Surperformance SASContact usAdvertiseLegal informationsAbout usStay Connected :FacebookTwitterPartners :Börse: Aktien, Kurse und NachrichtenBest tweets 




   Copyright © 2017 Surperformance. All rights reserved.  












 














Slave







Patricia L.  Riskind - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Patricia L.  Riskind
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Patricia L.  Riskind. Find out Patricia L.  Riskind address and contact details. View other people related to Patricia L.  Riskind - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

401 EDGEWATER PL #500  WAKEFIELD 01880 MA




Companies related to Patricia L.  Riskind
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001633142Press Ganey Holdings, Inc.Chief ClientExperience Officer 401 EDGEWATER PLACE, SUITE 500  WAKEFIELD 01880




Patricia L.  Riskind on the Web
Persons related to Patricia L.  Riskind - Press Ganey Holdings, Inc.NamePositionCityNORMAN W  ALPERTIRVINGDevin J  AndersonGen Counsel & Corp Secretary WOBURNAndrew J  CavannaNEW YORKPatricia  CmielewskiChief Marketing Officer & COS WAKEFIELDDavid J.  CostelloChief Analytics Officer WAKEFIELDJOHN PATRICK  DRISCOLLDirector FRANKLIN LAKESBREHT T  FEIGHChief Financial Officer John P  GlaserDirector WAKEFIELDJoseph P  GreskoviakPresident  and COO ALPHARETTAMatthew  HallgrenChief Financial Officer CHICAGOLeslie V  NorwalkDirector SAN DIEGODANIEL S  OCONNELLNEW YORKPatricia L.  RiskindChief ClientExperience Officer WAKEFIELDGREG  ROTHDirector Patrick T  RyanChief Executive Officer WOBURNRALPH  SNYDERMANDirector Suda  SuvarnaChief Information Officer WAKEFIELDVESTAR ASSOCIATES V, L.P.NEW YORKVestar Capital Partners V A L PNEW YORKVestar Capital Partners V-B LPNEW YORKVestar Capital Partners V L P10% Owner NEW YORKVestar Co-Invest V, L.P.NEW YORKVestar Executives V LPNEW YORKVestar Investors V, L.P.NEW YORKVESTAR MANAGERS V LTD.NEW YORKVestar/PGA Investors, LLCNEW YORKEllen M  ZaneDirector BOSTON












 









RISKIND PATRICIA L. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      RISKIND PATRICIA L.
                    

•   CHICAGO, IL
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Riskind Patricia L. is based out of Chicago.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from RISKIND PATRICIA L., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




riskind patricia l.


ONE NORTH FRANKLIN, SUITE 3400

CHICAGO
IL
                                                        
                                                    60606









Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 10/25/2016
4 filed on 09/20/2016
4 filed on 09/19/2016
4 filed on 08/22/2016
4 filed on 06/17/2016
4 filed on 05/24/2016
4 filed on 03/03/2016
4 filed on 02/23/2016
4 filed on 02/22/2016
4 filed on 02/03/2016
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















