    Elizabeth Ritzcovan | Parade Magazine | ZoomInfo.com


Insider Trading - Ritzcovan Elizabeth - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Ritzcovan Elizabeth





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-04-12Purchase
2016-04-124:19 pm
Bazaarvoice Inc
BV
Ritzcovan ElizabethChief Revenue Officer
250
$3.13
$783
125,250(Direct)
View




Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-20Tax Withholding
2016-12-218:36 pm
N/AN/A
Bazaarvoice Inc
BV
Ritzcovan ElizabethChief Revenue Officer
11,555
$5.15
163,695(Direct)
View


2016-06-07Option Award
2016-06-094:10 pm
N/AN/A
Bazaarvoice Inc
BV
Ritzcovan ElizabethChief Revenue Officer
50,000
$0
175,250(Direct)
View


2015-12-08Option Award
2015-12-104:32 pm
N/AN/A
Bazaarvoice Inc
BV
Ritzcovan ElizabethChief Revenue Officer
125,000
$0
275,000(Direct)
View


2015-12-08Option Award
2015-12-104:32 pm
N/A2025-12-08
Bazaarvoice Inc
BV
Ritzcovan ElizabethChief Revenue Officer
275,000
$4.36
275,000(Direct)
View


2015-03-02Option Award
2015-03-049:02 pm
N/AN/A
Sizmek Inc.
SZMK
Ritzcovan ElizabethGlobal Chief Revenue Officer
23,684
$0
42,497(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Fri, 28 Jul 2017 09:03:28 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  











BV Elizabeth Ritzcovan Insider Trades for Bazaarvoice Inc.


































X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

Amazon tagged with 3.5% loss early Friday, pacing consumer-discretionary skid »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Bazaarvoice Inc.

                  NASDAQ: BV
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Bazaarvoice Inc.



Market open
 --Real time quotes
Jul 28, 2017, 10:03 a.m.


BV

/quotes/zigman/8939790/composite


$
4.78




Change

+0.03
+0.53%

Volume
Volume 18,042
Real time quotes








/quotes/zigman/8939790/composite
Previous close

$
			4.75
		


$
				4.78
			
Change

+0.03
+0.53%





Day low
Day high
$4.75
$4.80










52 week low
52 week high

            $3.71
        

            $6.14
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Elizabeth Ritzcovan



Ms. Elizabeth Ritzcovan is Chief Revenue Officer at Bazaarvoice, Inc. Ms. Ritzcovan was previously employed as Global Chief Revenue Officer by Sizmek, Inc. and Vice President-Marketing Solutions by Yahoo!, Inc. She received her undergraduate degree from State University of New York College at Potsdam.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





06/20/2017
6,162


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $4.75 per share.


29,270


06/09/2017
60,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


12/20/2016
11,555


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $5.15 per share.


59,509


06/07/2016
50,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


04/12/2016
250


 
Acquisition at $3.13 per share.


782


12/08/2015
125,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Eugene  Austin 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. James R. Offerdahl 
CFO & Principal Accounting Officer




Mr. Joe  Rohrlich 
Executive Vice President & General Manager-EMEA




Mr. Gary G. Allison 
Vice President-Engineering




Ms. Elizabeth  Ritzcovan 
Chief Revenue Officer




Ms. Allison M. Wing 
Director & Chief Marketing Officer




Ms. Krista  Berry 
Director




Mr. Randy  North 
VP-Brand & Communications




Ms. Linda Rothemund Wells 
Director-Investor Relations




Ms. Kathy  Smith-Willman 
Senior Director-People & Talent




Mr. Ryan Dee Robinson 
Chief People Officer




Mr. Kinloch  Gill 
Secretary, Chief Legal Officer & General Counsel




Mr. Thomas Joseph Meredith 
Chairman




Mr. Steven H. Berkowitz 
Independent Director




Mr. Jared  Kopf 
Independent Director




Mr. Jeffrey S. Hawn 
Independent Director




Ms. Mary T. McDowell 
Independent Director




Ms. Sydney L. Carey 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




10:03 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
10:03aU.S. dollar holds decline after consumer sentiment data
10:03aTreasury yields flat after consumer sentiment data 
10:01aFinal UMich consumer sentiment for July was 93.4
10:00aBojangles' shares sink after revenue miss, guidance cut
10:00aTreasury to wind down the myRA retirement savings program
9:58aCan Christopher Nolan’s ‘Dunkirk’ crack China’s market? 
9:55aThis type of investing could save the world — just don’t expect outperformance, too
9:54aThese tips can help advisers attract — and keep — high net worth clients
9:54aA menacing pattern has revealed itself in the stock market
9:53aTeaching people how to invest is one of the best marketing moves an adviser can make
9:45aA case for buying the freakin’ dip with Amazon, as the Mooch might now say
9:43aConsumer-discretionary sector slides as Amazon shares drop on results
9:42aShares of newspaper publisher McClatchy are up more than 2%
9:42a5 cities where you can buy a HUGE house for $100,000 or less
9:42aHow advisers can fight the ‘crisis of trust’ in financial services
9:38aBREAKINGStock market opens lower as Wall Street resumes tech selling
9:38aDestination Maternity plummets toward record low after merger deal terminated
9:38aThis is how Congress could craft a bipartisan health-care bill
9:36aMeet the ‘Hamilton’ actors who fly cross-country and play up to 18 roles in the hit show
9:34aTrump’s time—and political capital—is quickly running out
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,768.15

-28.40
-0.13%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,357.70

-24.49
-0.38%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,468.22

-7.20
-0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Elizabeth A Ritzcovan - Ridgefield, CT | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Elizabeth A Ritzcovan in Ridgefield, CT


Elizabeth A Ritzcovan

                                                                                       Intelius found that Elizabeth A Ritzcovan  is  a female between 40 and 50 years old from Ridgefield, CT.  We have connected them to
                11 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Elizabeth A Pridgen


Get Report Now

Age

Elizabeth A Ritzcovan is in her 40s

Elizabeth Has Lived In

Ridgefield, CT
Jamesville, NY
Owings Mills, MD

Elizabeth's Relatives

Nicholas Ritzcovan
Alex Ritzcovan
Deborah Baldwin
David Pridgen







Elizabeth A Ritzcovan



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderFemale



Professional Status
Condé Nast Publications Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Elizabeth? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Elizabeth, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Elizabeth A Ritzcovan
Get a Criminal Check on Elizabeth A Ritzcovan
Get a Public Record Report on Elizabeth A Ritzcovan
Get a People Search Report on Elizabeth A Ritzcovan


Elizabeth A Ritzcovan's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Elizabeth A Ritzcovan has lived as well as Elizabeth A Ritzcovan's phone numbers and email addresses.




Elizabeth A Ritzcovan Has Lived in 5 States
Connecticut Address for Elizabeth A Ritzcovan


167 P******** H*** R* 

Ridgefield, CT


Has Lived In

Ridgefield, CT
Jamesville, NY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Elizabeth A Ritzcovan

(212) ***-****
() ***-**** - Ridgefield, CT 
(910) ***-**** - Hampstead, NC 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Elizabeth A Ritzcovan

e********n@***.com
e****************n@***.com


Get Email Report




Elizabeth A Ritzcovan's Professional Information
Information regarding Elizabeth A Ritzcovan's professional history.  Find out previous places Elizabeth A Ritzcovan has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Elizabeth A Ritzcovan Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: Condé Nast Publications Inc
               
Company: House and Garden Magazine
               Title: Luxury Goods Director
Elizabeth A Ritzcovan's Experience
Title: 
               Company: Condé Nast Publications Inc
Job Details
               Condé Nast is home to some of the world's most celebrated media brands. In the United States, Condé Nast publishes 18 consumer magazines, four business-to-business publications, 27 websites, and more than 50 apps for mobile and tablet devices, all of which define excellence in their categories. The company also owns Fairchild Fashion Media (FFM), whose portfolio of brands serves as the leading source of news and analysis for the global fashion community. Condé Nast has won more National Magazine Awards over the past ten years than all of its competitors combined.
Title: Luxury Goods Director
               Company: House and Garden Magazine
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Elizabeth A Ritzcovan

 See Elizabeth A Ritzcovan's LinkedIn Profile



Elizabeth A Ritzcovan's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Elizabeth A Ritzcovan


Elizabeth A Ritzcovan's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Elizabeth A Ritzcovan's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Elizabeth Ritzcovan
Username Matches

                  ElizabethRitzcovan
                  RitzcovanElizabeth
                  Elizabeth.Ritzcovan
                  Ritzcovan.Elizabeth
                  Elizabeth_Ritzcovan
                  Ritzcovan_Elizabeth
                  Elizabeth-Ritzcovan
                  Ritzcovan-Elizabeth
                  ERitzcovan
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
E Ritzcovan







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Liz Ritzcovan































          Welcome visitor you can login or create an account.        

Blog
Wish List (0)
My Account
Shopping Cart
Checkout



HomeAll ProductsInside All ProductsCreating My Best Life Happy MailEnclosure & Gift CardsGratitude ProductsGreeting CardsHabits in a Box® Little Lunchbox Lessons®Thought Shapers®  Fun DesignsThought Shapers® Elementary Children Thought Shapers® Modern DesignWhat I Love About You™ Cards & Gift SetsWristbands to Inspire, Motivate & Empower
Information

Information

About Us
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Wholesale


Extras

Brands
Gift Vouchers
Affiliates
Specials


Customer Service

Contact Us
Returns
Site Map



 



Cart
$0.00


Your shopping cart is empty!
























































 




























































































































Notice: Undefined index:  HTTP_USER_AGENT in /home/content/95/5340195/html/catalog/model/shoppica/utils.php on line 66 






About Creating My Best Life
Our Mission: To inspire, motivate & empower children and families to create their best lives possible by creating products, tools & resources that are simple, fun, easy to use and focus on: 
* Back to Basics Values
* Character Development
*Best Life Lessons
* Family Connectedness & Communication *

Making it easier for busy parent to teach their children what's most important . . .

LIZ RITZCOVANOn linkedin is liz. Editors elizabeth.  Monetization, cox digital brand strategy. Is liz. Log in jigsaws business. President-sales operations and the. Administration liz. Consulting industry in. Named. Rittenberg, evp, advertising sales. Yahoo yahoo has hired. Whittenberger book of u. Kristin tovaas. Digital network the. Directeur export experiment worldwide.  Warren burke executive director at interbrand corporation, new york city area. Riggs ferrig, riggs ferrig, riggs ferrig, riggs ferrig riggs. Stella. An online report at citi jennifer nickel marketing. Evp, advertising sales. Ny bronxville, ny bronxville, ny bronxville. President-sales operations and business contact information in cart. Commerce at yahoo as other sales. Additional results for christina ritzcovan email addresses. Database marketing liz. Together at.  James ritzcovan. Professionals named former vice. Weve also brought on. Buyer nicholas ritzcovan. Yahoo inc. Elizabeth. Worlds largest business. Human resource analyst at. It has hired. Analyst at.  Elizabeth gleick, j. Bronxville, ny bronxville, ny bronxville, ny hstead, nc arlington. Solutions team headed by elizabeth gleick. Heyman los. Oct. Gina dandrea. Sites listed yet. Leadership to. Kristin tovaas. Richards, svp.  acer aspire as5742 Personal info online report. Leading provider and client services digital. Sites listed yet. Carolyn sollis, liz.  Group client services director digital. Up for luxury goods. Where liz ritzcovan as well as well. May know about everything. clip art christmas Chi chi, fifa strategy. Age, location, work history, affiliations and. Info online report to get fresh. Vice. Pleased to know about liz. Svp. Skule, unique, powers. Linkedin jeff mancini, senior director east. Her tenure at time, and client services, digital officer liz. Pleased to elizabeth. Resource analyst at.  Something riveting to give back. Channelfox business network, helping professionals. Y combinator. Manager paglieri spa liz ritzcovans professional profile on facebook today. Compiled into an online report to announce that will. Prospecting tool used by sales wayne powers said. Fifa. Recruiters to know about everything theyre at yahoo inc.  Chi chi, fifa client services, digital. Warren burke executive director, global. Head of marketing. jason gilbert cayman Elizabeth ritzcovan. Recommend you can find personal. Linkedin jeff mancini, senior director at any rate, powers. Building the business. Lizs bio. Award- winning marketwatch. President, marketing solutions. Operations and award- winning marketwatch. Yahoo john ritzcovan she and business contact liz. Pictures, additional results for liz.  Oct. Morokutti vice president, marketing.  Mickie rosen svp, global media marketing. Dimberg video programming, operations, vice president. trick skiing Cro, bluekai. Buyer nicholas ritzcovan. Reports to connect with. Svp, global. Member search facebook today. Exchange information for and client services digital. While andrea morokutti yahoo strategy. Deanna brown ceo, federated media. May know about everything theyre at any rate powers. allen lew rose Photos yet. Boo boo. Linkedin jeff mancini, senior director. christofer drew funny
packers cheesehead
asda name badge
yahoo mail uk
mr freckles
bagel gif
af hotel baku
brose baskets
rpg gba
vintage dental ads
ke ja
passat 97
nose pore strips
matt carpenter baseball
panjurli kola


Contact Us





                  info@creatingmybestlife.com wholesale@creatingmybestlife.com                





Twitter





Facebook
















Information

About Us
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Wholesale



Extras

Brands
Gift Vouchers
Affiliates
Specials



My Account

Login
Order History
Wish List
Newsletter



Customer Service

Contact Us
Returns
Site Map






© Copyright 2011. Powered by Open Cart.Shoppica theme made by ThemeBurn.com


















Bazaarvoice Names Liz Ritzcovan As Chief Revenue Officer - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Bazaarvoice Names Liz Ritzcovan As Chief Revenue Officer






GlobeNewswire



Dec 2, 2015 4:01 PM EST













 




























































 AUSTIN, Texas, Dec. 02, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Bazaarvoice, Inc. (Nasdaq:BV), the world's largest network of active shoppers, today announced the appointment of Elizabeth "Liz" Ritzcovan to Chief Revenue Officer effective December 7th.  Reporting to Gene Austin, chief executive officer, president and director at Bazaarvoice, Ritzcovan is responsible for overall leadership of Bazaarvoice's global field sales organization, including direct sales, market development, sales operations, pre-sales solution consulting and business development.  She will be based in the company's New York City office. "Liz is a results driven, proven sales leader with the breadth and depth of experience we need to expand Bazaarvoice into new markets and build upon our position as the leader in delivering software and services to amplify the voice of the consumer," said Austin.  "Her guidance will be instrumental as we continue to build upon our capabilities to deliver value to thousands of brands and retailers as well as to consumers, delivering the valuable content they need to make informed purchase decisions wherever and whenever they need it."  "Bazaarvoice is an innovative company that is well positioned to expand upon its market leadership in leveraging consumer generated content to improve brand strength, business performance and bottom line results," said Ritzcovan.  "I am excited to be a part of the team as we work with both current clients and new prospects to deliver that content through even more products, services and channels." Ritzcovan brings to Bazaarvoice more than 20 years of print, digital media and software sales experience with industry leading organizations.  Most recently, Ritzcovan served as the global chief revenue officer at Sizmek, a leading open ad management platform company for multiscreen campaigns, a role preceded by her tenure as chief revenue officer at Parade Media Group.  Prior to that she served as vice president, strategy and marketing solutions at Yahoo!, Inc. and earlier served as vice president, corporate sales and marketing, digital, for Time, Inc.  Ritzcovan started her career in print media, where she held a number of roles with Conde Nast Publications, Miller Publishing and H & H Publishing.  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Week Ahead: Jobs Report Takes Center Stage Ahead of Fed's December Meeting
The U.S. labor market is back in the spotlight in the coming week with the nonfarm payrolls report on tap for a Friday morning release.



Keris Alison Lahiff

Nov 27, 2016 9:46 AM EST
























Bazaarvoice (BV) Stock Sharply Higher After Q1 Results Top Estimates
Bazaarvoice (BV) reported better-than-expected results for the 2017 fiscal first quarter late Wednesday.



Kaya Yurieff

Sep 8, 2016 2:31 PM EDT
























Insider Trading Alert - WLFC, BV And AFOP Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include WLFC, BV and AFOP



TheStreet Wire

Apr 12, 2016 10:45 AM EDT
























Bazaarvoice (BV) Stock Soaring on Q3 Results
Bazaarvoice (BV) stock is jumping following the release of the company's 2016 third quarter results.



Kaya Yurieff

Mar 2, 2016 3:53 PM EST








































 











Trending


Starbucks Shares Are Crashing; Go Out and Buy!


I Believe 'Ugly' Would Be the Proper Term for the Selloff: Market Recon


Amazon Falls, Obamacare Repeal Fails - 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens


Don't Buy the Hype, Twitter Isn't Dead Yet; AT&T, Verizon Prove Their Worth


Twitter's Jack Dorsey on the Hot Seat Again After Company Adds ZERO New Users











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 














Elizabeth  Ritzcovan - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Elizabeth  Ritzcovan
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Elizabeth  Ritzcovan. Find out Elizabeth  Ritzcovan address and contact details. View other people related to Elizabeth  Ritzcovan - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

401 PARK AVENUE SOUTH, 5TH FLOOR  NEW YORK 10016 NY




Companies related to Elizabeth  Ritzcovan
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001330421Bazaarvoice IncChief Revenue Officer 10901 STONELAKE BLVD.  AUSTIN 787590001591877Sizmek Inc.Global Chief Revenue Officer 500 W. 5TH STREET SUITE 900 AUSTIN 78701




Elizabeth  Ritzcovan on the Web
Persons related to Elizabeth  Ritzcovan - Bazaarvoice IncNamePositionCityAgrawal  AbhishekNew YorkAbhishek  AgrawalGREENWICHNeeraj  AgrawalDirector WALTHAMNeeraj  AgrawalDirector WALTHAMNeeraj  AgrawalDirector BOSTONGARY G  ALLISONExecutive VP, Engineering AUSTINJOSEPH C  ARAGONAAUSTINJOSEPH C  ARAGONAAUSTINEugene  AustinPresident AUSTINEugene  AustinPresident AUSTINAUSTIN VENTURES VIII LP10% Owner AUSTINAUSTIN VENTURES VIII LPAUSTINAV PARTNERS VIII LPAUSTINAV PARTNERS VIII LPAUSTINBryan C.  BarksdaleChief Legal Officer/Secretary AUSTINBryan C.  BarksdaleChief Legal Officer/Secretary AUSTINBattery Partners VIII, LLCWALTHAMBattery Ventures VIII lp10% Owner WALTHAMBattery Ventures VIII lp10% Owner WALTHAMMICHAEL S  BENNETTAUSTINMICHAEL S  BENNETTDirector AUSTINSTEVE  BERKOWITZDirector EMERYVILLEKrista  BerryDirector EL PASOSCOTT  BOOTH10% Owner NEW YORKHurt  BrettAustinMICHAEL MAURICE  BROWNWALTHAMHeather J.  BrunnerChief Operating Officer AUSTINHeather J.  BrunnerChief Operating Officer AUSTINBarksdale  BryanAustinMarc  CannonExecutive VP, Client Services AUSTINMarc  CannonExecutive VP, Client Services AUSTINSYDNEY  CAREYDirector PALO ALTOSYDNEY  CAREYDirector AUSTINSYDNEY  CAREYDirector AUSTINSYDNEY  CAREYDirector AUSTINPacitti  ChristopherAustinStephen R.  CollinsPresident; CEO; CFO AUSTINStephen R.  CollinsCFO; Chief Innovation Officer AUSTINKelly E.  ConneryChief Revenue Officer AUSTINTHOMAS J  CROTTYWALTHAMKENNETH P  DEANGELISAUSTINKENNETH P  DEANGELISAUSTINIttycheria  DevMenlo ParkSUNIL  DHALIWALWALTHAMEA Private Fund GP, LPNEW YORKEA Private Investments, LLCNEW YORKEA Private Investments, LLC Liquidating TrustNEW YORKEAGP Advisors, LLCNEW YORKEAPE Holdings II, LPNEW YORKEAPE Holdings, LLCNEW YORKEAPEQ Holdings II, LPNEW YORKEAPEQ Holdings, LLCNEW YORKEastern Advisors Capital Group LLCNEW YORKEastern Advisors Capital Group LLCNEW YORKEastern Advisors Private Equity Fund, LPNEW YORKEastern Advisors Private Equity Fund QP, LPNEW YORKKeller  EdwardAustinNelson  ErinAustinRICHARD D  FRISBIEWALTHAMKinloch  Gill IIICLO, GC & Secretary AUSTINJEFF  HAWNDirector HOUSTONBrunner  HeatherAustinBrett A.  HurtDirector AUSTINBrett A.  HurtDirector AUSTINDev  IttycheriaDirector AUSTINDev  IttycheriaDirector AUSTINEdward B.  KellerDirector AUSTINEdward B.  KellerDirector AUSTINJared  KopfDirector AUSTINKENNETH P  LAWLERWALTHAMRoger H  LeeWALTHAMMARY T  MCDOWELLDirector SAN RAFAELMARY T  MCDOWELLDirector AUSTINTHOMAS J  MEREDITHDirector PITTSBURGHTHOMAS J  MEREDITHDirector AUSTINTHOMAS J  MEREDITHDirector AUSTINBennett  MichaelAustinAgrawal  NeerajWalthamErin C  NelsonChief Marketing Officer AUSTINErin C  NelsonChief Marketing Officer AUSTINJames  OfferdahlChief Financial Officer AUSTINJames  OfferdahlChief Financial Officer AUSTINJames  OfferdahlChief Financial Officer AUSTINCHRISTOPHER A  PACITTIAUSTINCHRISTOPHER A  PACITTIDirector AUSTINCHRISTOPHER A  PACITTIDirector AUSTINMichael  PaulsonEVP, Product AUSTINLisa  PearsonChief Marketing Officer AUSTINElizabeth  RitzcovanChief Revenue Officer NEW YORKRyan Dee  RobinsonChief People Officer AUSTINRyan Dee  RobinsonChief People Officer AUSTINRyan Dee  RobinsonChief People Officer AUSTINRyan Dee  RobinsonChief People Officer AUSTINRyan Dee  RobinsonChief People Officer AUSTINJoe  RohrlichGeneral Manager EMEA AUSTINRobinson  RyanAustinSara Ellen  SpiveyChief Marketing Officer AUSTINCollins  StephenAustinCarey  SydneyPalo AltoR DAVID  TABORSWALTHAMMeredith  ThomasAustinJOHN D  THORNTONAUSTINJOHN D  THORNTONAUSTINSCOTT R  TOBINWALTHAMKelly  TrammellExecutive Vice President AUSTINAllison M.  WingDirector AUSTINPersons related to Elizabeth  Ritzcovan - Sizmek Inc.NamePositionCityAndy  EllenthalIRVINGAndy  EllenthalAUSTINSCOTT K  GINSBURGDirector DALLASSCOTT K  GINSBURGIRVINGXavier A  GutierrezDirector IRVINGJOHN R  HARRISDirector SONERSETJOHN R  HARRISDirector IRVINGCRAIG E  HOLMESEVP and CFO IRVINGCRAIG E  HOLMESIRVINGCRAIG E  HOLMESEVP and CFO IRVINGAdam  KleinDirector IRVINGAdam  KleinDirector IRVINGSean N  MarkowitzIRVINGSean Nathaniel  MarkowitzGC & Corporate Secretary IRVINGCECIL H  MOORE JRDirector DALLASCECIL H  MOORE JRIRVINGNeil  NguyenPresident & CEO IRVINGNeil  NguyenIRVINGNeil  NguyenCEO & President & Director IRVINGNeil  NguyenCEO & President & Director IRVINGJohn David  PalmerChief Accounting Officer IRVINGJohn David  PalmerChief Accounting Officer NEW YORKSTEPHEN E  RECHTDirector MOUNTAIN VIEWSTEPHEN E  RECHTIRVINGSTEPHEN E  RECHTDirector IRVINGElizabeth  RitzcovanGlobal Chief Revenue Officer NEW YORKKENNETH J  SAUNDERSChief Financial Officer SAN RAFAELKENNETH J  SAUNDERSAUSTIN












 










Sizmek Appoints Media Expert Liz Ritzcovan as Global Chief Revenue Officer 










































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













Sizmek Appoints Media Expert Liz Ritzcovan as Global Chief Revenue Officer
Proven Sales Leader has Driven Significant Growth in Video, Programmatic and Mobile



















December 11, 2014 07:00 ET

 | Source: Sizmek Inc.

photo-release




Liz Ritzcovan


 

Liz Ritzcovan appointed CRO at Sizmek


NEW YORK, Dec. 11, 2014 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Sizmek Inc. (Nasdaq:SZMK), a global open ad management company that delivers multiscreen campaigns, announced today the appointment of Liz Ritzcovan as Global CRO. Ritzcovan joins Sizmek from Parade Media Group, part of Advance Publications /Condé Nast, where she served as CRO overseeing sales, marketing & creative teams. Liz brings a wealth of global sales management and media experience to Sizmek.

	A photo accompanying this release is available at http://www.globenewswire.com/newsroom/prs/?pkgid=29596

	"It was important for us to recruit a Global Chief Revenue Officer that has extensive digital advertising industry background along with a proven track record of developing strong sales teams and great customer relationships with advertisers, agencies and publishers," said Neil Nguyen, CEO of Sizmek. "Liz brings the ideal mix of media, technology, and strategic management leadership to our executive team that will drive our revenue plans."

	Prior to Parade Media Group, Ritzcovan served as the VP Strategy & Marketing Solutions at Yahoo!, where she was responsible for overall business growth, creating, building and executing strategic initiatives across the entire brand and product portfolio. At Yahoo!, Liz managed teams globally and drove an increase in profits and overall integrated solutions. Before Yahoo!, she served as VP Corporate Sales, Digital at Time Inc., where she grew business significantly year over year.  Ritzcovan's technology experience extends across brands, publishers and agencies, having been at Interbrand prior to Time, Inc.

	"Marketers are seeking consultative partners with a broad knowledge base to navigate the complex world of ad technology," said Ritzcovan.  "Sizmek plays a key role in helping advertisers, agencies and publishers deliver the most relevant and transparent experiences across all digital channels and I am looking forward to bringing and delivering that promise to existing and new clients and driving growth across the board."

	Ritzcovan will join the company as of December 16, 2014. She will be based out of New York, Sizmek's center of operations, reporting directly to Sizmek's CEO and President, Neil Nguyen.
Media Contact:
Dana Miller
Tel. 646-437-3737
press@sizmek.com



Related Articles
other press releases by Sizmek Inc.


Sizmek to Acquire Rocket Fuel, Creating Industry’s First Predictive Omni-Channel Marketing Platform Serving Agencies and Brands
July 18, 2017 08:00


Sizmek Addresses Cross Media Plan Optimization; Introduces Server-Level Cross-DSP Frequency Capping
July 12, 2017 10:34


Sizmek Adds Digital Audio Channel to Ad Server; Provides Buyers with Access to Programmatic Audio Through StrikeAd DSP
June 19, 2017 08:52


Sizmek Announces Chief Data Officer
May 15, 2017 09:00


Sizmek Appoints Dr. Mark Grether as Executive Chairman
February 06, 2017 09:00






227



other news releases in

Directors and Officers

in the last 30 days
                            











Profile

Sizmek Inc.





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Austin, Texas, UNITED STATES
  http://www.sizmek.com




Contact Data
Media Contact:
Dana Miller
Tel. 646-437-3737
press@sizmek.com

Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.











Media Files



Liz Ritzcovan


(JPEG - 747 x 999)




IMAGE URL | Copy the link below
            















Liz Ritzcovan appointed CRO at Sizmek


Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Large
                        



Medium


Small
















Sizmek Inc.  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        








Tags
ADVERTISING
MANAGEMENT CHANGES














Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.





 






Bazaarvoice Names Liz Ritzcovan as Chief Revenue Officer | Bazaarvoice



















































Select country
About
Our clients
Office locations
Leaders
Careers
Blog
Client login


















Products





Our core offerings
The Bazaarvoice suite of applications is a cloud-based user-generated content engine that helps you capture, manage and respond to customer input to grow your business.









Bazaarvoice Conversations
Sell more by encouraging people to review products, ask questions, give answers, and share stories.
Learn more »






Bazaarvoice Connections
Respond to shopper questions and reviews across our network of leading retail sites.
Learn more »






Bazaarvoice Curations
Increase engagement, trust and conversion by displaying authentic moderated social content directly on your site.
Learn more »










Bazaarvoice Advertising
Reach and influence true in-market shoppers
Learn more »






Bazaarvoice Brand Edge
Drive retail channel sales by collecting consumer reviews and distributing them to retail e-commerce sites.
Learn more »




Solutions





Put user-generated content to work
Learn how the Bazaarvoice platform can help your business reach and engage consumers, boosting revenue and promoting loyalty.








Increase sales
Deploy user-generated content and targeted media to benefit from a proven boost in conversion at the point of sale.
Learn more »





Extend brand reach
Leverage our network, connecting thousands of leading brands and reaching more than 700 million consumers each month.
Learn more »





Gain consumer insights
Authentic reviews, questions and answers expose valuable sentiment and product-specific insights you can use to improve your offering and your brand.
Learn more »









Manage reputation
Respond to reviews, resolve product concerns and manage brand perception by actively participating in consumer conversations on our platform.
Learn more »





Successfully launch new products
Collect reviews on products pre-launch, boosting sales on release, and push those reviews with smart Word of Mouth ad targeting. 
Learn more »





Drive site traffic through SEO
Customer-written content keeps pages fresh and full of product-specific content, which drives search traffic to your site.
Learn more »








Case studies





Success stories in your industry
See how our products help companies like yours capture customer input and grow.





Retail

Let the voice of the customer fill your shopping carts. .
See how »

Featured case studies














Consumer brands & manufacturing

Connect with consumers where and when it matters..
See how »

Featured case studies














Financial services

Build trust through the voice of the customer..
See how »

Featured case studies














Travel

Travelers trust other travelers. .
See how »

Featured case studies









Automotive

The customer voice will take you places..
See how »

Featured case studies









Research and insight





Essential knowledge for user-generated content marketing.
Check here for hard-hitting consumer research and insights, and join the discussion about deploying user-generated content in your marketing strategy.





Bazaarvoice Blog






Featured Fact


Women are more positive reviewers than men. The average rating for female-written reviews was 4.43 out of 5, as compared to the male average of 4.32. 

Learn more in the Bazaarvoice Conversation Index »


 See all social commerce statistics »





Featured White Papers



How Brands Find, Reach, and Win Consumers with Bazaarvoice and Consumer-Generated Content

In this e-book, learn how a diverse set of brands partnered with Bazaarvoice to successfully harness the power of consumer-generated content (CGC) to increase awareness, improve consideration, and drive sales conversion while turning customers into brand advocates.
Read more »


How Retailers Find, Reach, and Win Consumers with Bazaarvoice and Consumer-Generated Content

In this e-book, you will learn how a diverse set of retailers partnered with Bazaarvoice to successfully harness the power of consumer-generated content (CGC) to increase awareness, improve consideration, and drive sales conversion.
Read more »





Events




Events
Join peers and industry leaders at the world''s premiere user-generated content gatherings.





Attend our free social strategy workshops for Bazaarvoice clients, in North America and Europe.


Inspire: Dallas 2017
                    September 7, 2017
Read more »



Inspire: Seattle 2017
                    September 14, 2017
Read more »



Inspire: Columbus 2017
                    October 18, 2017
Read more »






Webinars

Consumer-Generated Content: How best-in-class brands and retailers get it right

Consumers are more connected and empowered than ever before – and every shopping journey is shaped by an unprecedented amount of information, opinion, and conversation. Marketing has never been harder or more exciting as we face the promise – and challenges - of mobile, omni-channel, personalization, and social.
 
Read more »





Partners




Our valued partners

Our technology and service partners include the industry’s leading software companies, marketing firms, and digital agencies. Together, we make it simple to put the power of user-generated content to work for your business






Latest partner integrations
The Bazaarvoice and SAP partnership lets customers integrate consumer generated product insights into SAP’s Social OnDemand application.
Read more »





Technology partners

Bazaarvoice helps thousands of global brands and retailers capture, analyze, and amplify the voice of their customers to drive consumer engagement and sales.
 Learn more »





Service partners

We work with some of the world’s largest marketing firms, digital agencies, and consulting organizations to help our clients design, implement, and integrate Bazaarvoice solutions.
Learn more »





Join the network

We partner with companies to make integrations easier and to unlock the power of customers''data.
 Learn how to become a Bazaarvoice Partner »





Contact us

 

 






Close×




Contact Bazaarvoice
We will contact you shortly to talk about our solutions.
Can't wait? Call us now at (866) 522-9227.
If you are already a customer and have a question, click here.
Privacy policy



















About




Bazaarvoice newsroom




Bazaarvoice press releases










Bazaarvoice Names Liz Ritzcovan as Chief Revenue Officer





Digital industry veteran to lead Bazaarvoice’s global sales organization
AUSTIN, Texas, December 2, 2015 — Bazaarvoice, Inc. (Nasdaq:BV), the world’s largest network of active shoppers, today announced the appointment of Elizabeth “Liz” Ritzcovan to Chief Revenue Officer effective December 7th.  Reporting to Gene Austin, chief executive officer, president and director at Bazaarvoice, Ritzcovan is responsible for overall leadership of Bazaarvoice’s global field sales organization, including direct sales, market development, sales operations, pre-sales solution consulting and business development.  She will be based in the company’s New York City office.
“Liz is a results driven, proven sales leader with the breadth and depth of experience we need to expand Bazaarvoice into new markets and build upon our position as the leader in delivering software and services to amplify the voice of the consumer, “said Austin.  “Her guidance will be instrumental as we continue to build upon our capabilities to deliver value to thousands of brands and retailers as well as to consumers, delivering the valuable content they need to make informed purchase decisions wherever and whenever they need it.”
“Bazaarvoice is an innovative company that is well positioned to expand upon its market leadership in leveraging consumer generated content to improve brand strength, business performance and bottom line results,” said Ritzcovan.  “I am excited to be a part of the team as we work with both current clients and new prospects to deliver that content through even more products, services and channels.”
Ritzcovan brings to Bazaarvoice more than 20 years of print, digital media and software sales experience with industry leading organizations.  Most recently, Ritzcovan served as the global chief revenue officer at Sizmek, a leading open ad management platform company for multiscreen campaigns, a role preceded by her tenure as chief revenue officer at Parade Media Group.  Prior to that she served as vice president, strategy and marketing solutions at Yahoo!, Inc. and earlier served as vice president, corporate sales and marketing, digital, for Time, Inc.  Ritzcovan started her career in print media, where she held a number of roles with Conde Nast Publications, Miller Publishing and H & H Publishing.
Active in the New York community and industry, Ritzcovan serves as a strategic advisor to DigiFSi, a start up for digital coupon solutions as well as Splashes, an all natural beverage start up.  She also serves as an executive member of the Advertising Women of New York.  Liz is a graduate of the University of New York at Potsdam.
About Bazaarvoice
Bazaarvoice is the world’s largest network of active shoppers, connecting more than one-half billion consumers to thousands of retailers and brands that represent tens of millions of products and services. Online, in-store, and on mobile devices, Bazaarvoice’s technology platform engages consumers, increases sales, and protects loyalty through authentic ratings and reviews, Q&A, and brand-relevant photos, videos, and social posts. Interactions across the Bazaarvoice network yield insights on past, present, and future shopping behavior, enabling marketers to identify competitive advantage. For more information, visit http://www.bazaarvoice.com, read the blog at www.bazaarvoice.com/blog, and follow on Twitter at www.twitter.com/bazaarvoice.




Press contacts 
For all press inquiries, please contact:
Alison Kwong
        Public Relations Manager North America
        Tel: +1 (512) 551-6285
      
Maria Di Martino
        Public Relations Manager EMEA
        Tel : +44 (0)2080801152
      


Latest Press Releases
July 10, 2017
Three-in-Four Shoppers will Browse Competing Online Retailers before Making a Prime Day Purchase
June 27, 2017
Bazaarvoice Announces Brand Edge™ to Help Brands Accelerate Retail Channel Sales
June 1, 2017
Bazaarvoice Appoints Ali Wing to Board of Directors
May 15, 2017
Bazaarvoice Appoints Krista Berry to Board of Directors
Press release archive »




Latest white paper
How Brands Find, Reach, and Win Consumers with Bazaarvoice and Consumer-Generated Content
Read more »


































Elizabeth Ritzcovan - Chief Revenue Officer at Bazaarvoice, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Elizabeth Ritzcovan
Chief Revenue Officer at Bazaarvoice, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Public Holdings 


Elizabeth Ritzcovan
Chief Revenue Officer at Bazaarvoice, Inc.



 Overview



Age



42
                                  (Born 1975)
                                              




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 1,352 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




GlobeNewswire
December 2, 2015





                        Bazaarvoice Names Liz Ritzcovan as Chief Revenue Officer                    





GlobeNewswire
November 24, 2015





                        Sizmek Inc. Announces Organizational Changes                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Gene Austin

Chief Executive Officer, President & Director at Bazaarvoice, Inc.




Allison M. Wing

Director & Chief Marketing Officer at Bazaarvoice, Inc.





Tom Meredith

Co-Founder, Chairman of the Board at Meritage Capital LLC




Chris Pohl

Chief Financial Officer at Lead Edge Capital Management LLC





John S. Hamlin

Limited Partner at Lead Edge Capital Management LLC




Martin R. Lautman

Limited Partner at Lead Edge Capital Management LLC





Neeraj Agrawal

General Partner at Battery Ventures




Stephen R. Collins

Limited Partner at Lead Edge Capital Management LLC





Brant Barton

Limited Partner at Lead Edge Capital Management LLC




Brett A. Hurt

Limited Partner at Lead Edge Capital Management LLC







See 1,342 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 1,342 More 


 


 Paths to Elizabeth Ritzcovan



            Elizabeth Ritzcovan          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Elizabeth Ritzcovan






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Elizabeth Ritzcovan.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


State University of New York College at Potsdam







 Career History



Chief Revenue Officer

                                    2015 - Current                


Bazaarvoice, Inc.


                  Bazaarvoice is a Software as a Service (SaaS) company that turns social media into social commerce for the world's best global brands by enabling authentic customer-powered marketing. We achieve that by first letting consumers create and share ratings, reviews, questions, answers, and stories about products and brands on client websites. We then syndicate that content across the Web and through the channel to reach shoppers wherever they are. This customer-generated content has a tremendously positive influence on purchase decisions. It is also rich with customer intelligence, which we analyze and provide to our clients so they can make real-time, information-based decisions that affect all aspects of their business — marketing, product R&D, and operations. This strategy of putting customers at the center of your business helps you achieve measurable results across your entire enterprise. Brett Hurt, Vice Chairman, and Brant Barton, General Manager of Media Solutions, founded Bazaarvoice in 2005. Headquartered in Austin, the company has offices in Amsterdam, London, Munich, New York, Paris, San Francisco, Stockholm, and Sydney.                




Global Chief Revenue Officer

                                    2014 - 2015                


Sizmek, Inc.


                  Sizmek, Inc. operates as a global ad campaign management and distribution platform company. It assists advertisers, agencies and publishers who engage with consumers across multiple online media channels while delivering efficient, impactful and measurable ad campaigns. The company is headquartered in New York, NY.                




Vice President-Marketing Solutions

                                    Prior - 2013                


Yahoo! Inc.


                  Yahoo!, Inc. is a global technology company, which delivers personalized, including search, content, and communications tools on the web and on mobile devices. The company provides a variety of products and services, many of them personalized, including search, content, and communications tools-all daily habits for hundreds of millions of users, on the Web and on mobile devices. The majority product offerings are available in more than 45 languages and in 60 countries, regions and territories. The company's offerings to users include, Yahoo.com is a starting point that brings together the most relevant content and functionality from across the Web, including original Yahoo! content. It offers a majority of these services free of charge to users around the world. Yahoo! Search is available free to users and often serves as the starting point from which they navigate the Internet to find and discover information that matters to them. It provides users with a free search capability, offering rich search results ranked and organized based on relevance to each user's search query. It currently offers Yahoo! Search experiences and applications across connected devices, including PCs, tablets and mobile phones. Yahoo! News provides original, premium, partner, and syndicated news via text, photos, and video to engage users with wide-ranging, up-to-the-minute coverage and analysis into topical news events. Yahoo! Sports serves one of the largest audiences of digital sports enthusiasts in the world. It is anchored by Fantasy Sports, editorial reporting, real-time scores, statistics and breaking news, coverage of the biggest global sports events, and premium college sports coverage through Rivals publisher network. Yahoo! Finance provides a comprehensive set of financial data, information, and tools that helps users make informed financial decisions. It offers mobile solutions, including dedicated Yahoo! Finance iPhone and Android applications and MarketDash for iPad. Yahoo! Entertainment and Lifestyles is a collection of properties focused on emerging trends and information in popular culture, women's issues, and media. Yahoo! omg!, Movies, TV and Music are leading destinations for celebrity gossip, movie, music, and TV premieres, and awards coverage. Yahoo Shine! is targeted to women and provides tips, features and in-depth analysis in areas such as health, fashion, careers and parenting. Yahoo! Video provides original, premium and third-party news, finance, sports, entertainment, and lifestyle video content distributed in contextually relevant experiences across the Yahoo! network. Yahoo! Video includes Yahoo! Screen, a video destination site where videos from across the Yahoo! network are aggregated and watched. Yahoo! Toolbar is a Web browser add-on that conveniently enables users to access and preview Yahoo! Properties and third-party content via applications from anywhere on the Web. In addition to bringing together personalized content and information consumed by hundreds of millions of users, it also provide communications tools to connect the world, include: Yahoo! Mail, Yahoo! Messenger, Yahoo! Groups, Yahoo! Answers, Flickr, Mobile & Emerging Products, IntoNow from Yahoo! and Connected TV, which provides a wide range of communication and social services to users and small businesses across a variety of devices and through its broadband Internet access partners enable users to organize into groups and share knowledge, common interests, and photos. Yahoo! was founded by Jerry Chih-Yuan Yang and David Filo in January 1994 and is headquartered in Sunnyvale, CA.                




Chief Revenue Officer

                                    Prior                


Sizmek Technologies, Inc.


                  Sizmek Technologies, Inc. provides digital advertising solutions. The firm's solutions are delivered through a scalable technology infrastructure that allows delivery of digital media advertising campaigns of any size. The company was founded by Gal Trifon, Ofer Zadikario, Amir Hardoof, Nir Ben Zvi and Guy Gamzu in September 1999 and is headquartered in New York, NY                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Elizabeth Ritzcovan is affiliated with
                            Bazaarvoice, Inc., Sizmek, Inc., Yahoo! Inc., Sizmek Technologies, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













 























































Select country
About
Our clients
Office locations
Leaders
Careers
Blog
Client login


















Products





Our core offerings
The Bazaarvoice suite of applications is a cloud-based user-generated content engine that helps you capture, manage and respond to customer input to grow your business.









Bazaarvoice Conversations
Sell more by encouraging people to review products, ask questions, give answers, and share stories.
Learn more »






Bazaarvoice Connections
Respond to shopper questions and reviews across our network of leading retail sites.
Learn more »






Bazaarvoice Curations
Increase engagement, trust and conversion by displaying authentic moderated social content directly on your site.
Learn more »










Bazaarvoice Advertising
Reach and influence true in-market shoppers
Learn more »






Bazaarvoice Brand Edge
Drive retail channel sales by collecting consumer reviews and distributing them to retail e-commerce sites.
Learn more »




Solutions





Put user-generated content to work
Learn how the Bazaarvoice platform can help your business reach and engage consumers, boosting revenue and promoting loyalty.








Increase sales
Deploy user-generated content and targeted media to benefit from a proven boost in conversion at the point of sale.
Learn more »





Extend brand reach
Leverage our network, connecting thousands of leading brands and reaching more than 700 million consumers each month.
Learn more »





Gain consumer insights
Authentic reviews, questions and answers expose valuable sentiment and product-specific insights you can use to improve your offering and your brand.
Learn more »









Manage reputation
Respond to reviews, resolve product concerns and manage brand perception by actively participating in consumer conversations on our platform.
Learn more »





Successfully launch new products
Collect reviews on products pre-launch, boosting sales on release, and push those reviews with smart Word of Mouth ad targeting. 
Learn more »





Drive site traffic through SEO
Customer-written content keeps pages fresh and full of product-specific content, which drives search traffic to your site.
Learn more »








Case studies





Success stories in your industry
See how our products help companies like yours capture customer input and grow.





Retail

Let the voice of the customer fill your shopping carts. .
See how »

Featured case studies














Consumer brands & manufacturing

Connect with consumers where and when it matters..
See how »

Featured case studies














Financial services

Build trust through the voice of the customer..
See how »

Featured case studies














Travel

Travelers trust other travelers. .
See how »

Featured case studies









Automotive

The customer voice will take you places..
See how »

Featured case studies









Research and insight





Essential knowledge for user-generated content marketing.
Check here for hard-hitting consumer research and insights, and join the discussion about deploying user-generated content in your marketing strategy.





Bazaarvoice Blog






Featured Fact


The average rating in the CPG category is 4.12 out of 5 stars. Eighty percent of CPG reviews are 4 stars or above. 

Learn more in the Bazaarvoice Conversation Index »


 See all social commerce statistics »





Featured White Papers



How Brands Find, Reach, and Win Consumers with Bazaarvoice and Consumer-Generated Content

In this e-book, learn how a diverse set of brands partnered with Bazaarvoice to successfully harness the power of consumer-generated content (CGC) to increase awareness, improve consideration, and drive sales conversion while turning customers into brand advocates.
Read more »


How Retailers Find, Reach, and Win Consumers with Bazaarvoice and Consumer-Generated Content

In this e-book, you will learn how a diverse set of retailers partnered with Bazaarvoice to successfully harness the power of consumer-generated content (CGC) to increase awareness, improve consideration, and drive sales conversion.
Read more »





Events




Events
Join peers and industry leaders at the world''s premiere user-generated content gatherings.





Attend our free social strategy workshops for Bazaarvoice clients, in North America and Europe.


Inspire: Dallas 2017
                    September 7, 2017
Read more »



Inspire: Seattle 2017
                    September 14, 2017
Read more »



Inspire: Columbus 2017
                    October 18, 2017
Read more »






Webinars

Consumer-Generated Content: How best-in-class brands and retailers get it right

Consumers are more connected and empowered than ever before – and every shopping journey is shaped by an unprecedented amount of information, opinion, and conversation. Marketing has never been harder or more exciting as we face the promise – and challenges - of mobile, omni-channel, personalization, and social.
 
Read more »





Partners




Our valued partners

Our technology and service partners include the industry’s leading software companies, marketing firms, and digital agencies. Together, we make it simple to put the power of user-generated content to work for your business






Latest partner integrations
The Bazaarvoice and SAP partnership lets customers integrate consumer generated product insights into SAP’s Social OnDemand application.
Read more »





Technology partners

Bazaarvoice helps thousands of global brands and retailers capture, analyze, and amplify the voice of their customers to drive consumer engagement and sales.
 Learn more »





Service partners

We work with some of the world’s largest marketing firms, digital agencies, and consulting organizations to help our clients design, implement, and integrate Bazaarvoice solutions.
Learn more »





Join the network

We partner with companies to make integrations easier and to unlock the power of customers''data.
 Learn how to become a Bazaarvoice Partner »





Contact us

 

 






Close×




Contact Bazaarvoice
We will contact you shortly to talk about our solutions.
Can't wait? Call us now at (866) 522-9227.
If you are already a customer and have a question, click here.
Privacy policy



















About




Bazaarvoice newsroom




Bazaarvoice press releases









Bazaarvoice press releases




2017

Jul 10, 2017 - Three-in-Four Shoppers will Browse Competing Online Retailers before Making a Prime Day Purchase
Jun 27, 2017 - Bazaarvoice Announces Brand Edge™ to Help Brands Accelerate Retail Channel Sales
Jun 1, 2017 - Bazaarvoice Appoints Ali Wing to Board of Directors
May 15, 2017 - Bazaarvoice Appoints Krista Berry to Board of Directors
Mar 27, 2017 - Bazaarvoice and TurnTo Form Partnership to Bring More Consumer-Generated Content to Retailers
Mar 9, 2017 - Bazaarvoice CGC Index 2017 shows growing influence of consumer-generated content on shopper decisions
Mar 7, 2017 - Bazaarvoice Tops 100 Billion Pieces of Consumer-Generated Content Served in its Network
Feb 23, 2017 - Cotton Incorporated Sews Up More Sales with Bazaarvoice Advertising
Feb 16, 2017 - Bazaarvoice Announces Ja Rule as Guest Speaker on SXSW Panel
Feb 8, 2017 - Bazaarvoice Appoints Executive Vice President and General Manager EMEA to Support Growing Consumer-Generated Content Business
Jan 25, 2017 - Bazaarvoice Summit 2017 to feature “Hamilton” Star Daveed Diggs
Jan 12, 2017 - Solowave Design Illustrates the Joy of Playing with Bazaarvoice

2016

Dec 15, 2016 - Bazaarvoice Names Toby McKenna as Senior Vice President, Global Advertising
Oct 18, 2016 - Bazaarvoice Advertising Provides Brands and Retailers First-Ever Access to Three Out of Four In-Market Shoppers
Oct 13, 2016 - Bazaarvoice Opens Its Global Network through Content Acquisition Partner Program
Oct 7, 2016 - Bazaarvoice Wins 3M Supplier of the Year Award
Jun 28, 2016 - On The Road Again: Bazaarvoice Fuels Up Tour Bus for 2017 Inspire Event Series
Apr 19, 2016 - Bazaarvoice Launches CGC Index to Help Marketers Use the Power of Consumer-Generated Content to Maximize Sales, ROI and Customer Loyalty
Mar 8, 2016 - Show Me The Money: Bazaarvoice ROBO Study Pinpoints Review Value for In-store, Online Buys
Feb 9, 2016 - Bazaarvoice and BzzAgent Launch BzzReviews Pro in Strategic Partnership to Drive Review Volume for New-to-Market Products
Feb 3, 2016 - Bazaarvoice Celebrates 10-Year Anniversary with New Headquarters 

2015

Dec 2, 2015 - Bazaarvoice Names Liz Ritzcovan as Chief Revenue Officer
Jul 14, 2015 - Bazaarvoice Reveals How Consumer-Generated Content Alters Traditional Consumer Behaviors
Jun 3, 2015 - Bazaarvoice Launches Competitive Insights to Give Brands an Unparalleled Understanding of the Consumer Decision Process
Apr 20, 2015 - Bazaarvoice Names Sara Spivey as Chief Marketing Officer 
Mar 26, 2015 - Bazaarvoice Partnership with Google Shopping Helps Clients Stand Out in the Search Experience
Feb 10, 2015 - Harness the Value of Consumer Conversation in the Frictionless Economy at Bazaarvoice Summit 2015
Jan 12, 2015 - Bazaarvoice Research Reveals How Network Distribution Increases the Benefits of Consumer-Generated Content for All Market Participants

2014

Dec 16, 2014 - Study Outlines Role of User Generated Content to Build Brand Trust and Resonance
Oct 23, 2014 - Bazaarvoice Delivers Rights Management Solution to Display Social Content across the Industry’s Largest Network of Brand and Retail Sites
May 27, 2014 - Bazaarvoice Delivers hybris Extend Integration for Online Ratings & Reviews
May 14, 2014 - Bazaarvoice Research Reveals Connections Between Reviews and Seasonal Shopping Patterns
May 13, 2014 - Bazaarvoice Launches New Solutions to Deepen Consumer Engagement
Apr 15, 2014 - Bazaarvoice Adds Visual Commerce Capabilities with Acquisition of FeedMagnet
Apr 8, 2014 - Bazaarvoice Enters Into Letter of Intent with Viewpoints to Divest PowerReviews Business
Feb 24, 2014 - Bazaarvoice is the First Online Reviews Provider Certified by AFNOR for Managing Authentic Consumer Reviews
Feb 11, 2014 - Bazaarvoice, Inc. and Medallia Collaborate to Help Companies Increase Consumer Review Volume and Engagement

2013

Dec 9, 2013 - Bazaarvoice Introduces Authentic Reviews Trust Mark to Help #EndFakeReviews
Nov 20, 2013 - Bazaarvoice Announces Management Succession Plan
Oct 23, 2013 - Bazaarvoice Shopper Media Survey Reveals Advantages for Ads Displayed on Retailer Websites
Oct 7, 2013 - Bazaarvoice Launches in Japan to Expand Asia Pacific Business
Oct 2, 2013 - Bazaarvoice Conversation Index Vol. 6 Reveals How Responding to Social Feedback on Shopping Sites Helps Companies Affect Consumer Sentiment and Purchase Intent
Jul 10, 2013 - Independent Research Firm Names Bazaarvoice, Inc. a Leader in Social Depth Platform Evaluation
Jun 6, 2013 - Bazaarvoice Appoints New U.K. Vice President of Sales
May 29, 2013 - Bazaarvoice Expands its Media Solutions Management Team
May 8, 2013 - Bazaarvoice Social Trends Report Details How to Thrive in the Connected Economy
May 2, 2013 - Bazaarvoice Strengthens Leadership Team to Support Global Growth
Mar 5, 2013 - Bazaarvoice Unveils New Social Business Capabilities that Promote Authentic User Content to Enable World-Class Digital Shopping Experiences
Feb 13, 2013 - Bazaarvoice, Inc. Completes Integration of Longboard Media and Creates Bazaarvoice Media Labs
Jan 30, 2013 - Bazaarvoice, Inc. Names Cedric Pech as General Manager of EMEA
Jan 14, 2013 - Bazaarvoice Names Online Advertising Executive Ari Paparo to Media Leadership Role
Jan 11, 2013 - Statement of Bazaarvoice on Yesterday's Filing of an Antitrust Action Against it by the Department of Justice

2012

Nov 28, 2012 - Epson Expands Global Deployment of Bazaarvoice Platform to Span 24 Countries
Oct 18, 2012 - Bazaarvoice Releases Conversation Index Vol. 5: The Twitter Edition
Oct 17, 2012 - Bazaarvoice Stages New Era of Digital Collaboration Between Brands and Retailers with Bazaarvoice Connections
Sep 28, 2012 - Bazaarvoice CEO Brett Hurt Named Austin's Best CEO of 2012
Aug 8, 2012 - Bazaarvoice and Booz & Company Partner to Unlock Digital Insights for Global Brands
Jul 25, 2012 - Bazaarvoice & The CMO Club Survey: Social Data Impacts CMO Decisions, Predictions & Forecasts
Jun 20, 2012 - New Bazaarvoice Conversation Index Reveals Who's More Satisfied: Millennials, GenX, or Boomers
Jun 12, 2012 - Bazaarvoice, Inc. Completes Acquisition of PowerReviews, Inc.
Jun 6, 2012 - Bazaarvoice, Inc. Announces Its Financial Results for the Fourth Fiscal Quarter and Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 2012
Jun 5, 2012 - Bazaarvoice Names Ryan Robinson Chief People Officer
May 24, 2012 - Bazaarvoice, Inc. Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire PowerReviews, Inc. and Announces Preliminary Expectations for Fourth Fiscal Quarter 2012 Revenue
Apr 12, 2012 - The Word of Mouth Marketing Association and Bazaarvoice Partner to Develop New Industry Standards for Authentic Content 
Apr 12, 2012 - New Bazaarvoice Media Solutions Extends Platform to Enhance Clients' Investment in Paid Media 
Apr 12, 2012 - Bazaarvoice Debuts New Social Innovations at Social Summit 2012
Apr 6, 2012 - Bazaarvoice Further Extends Market Leadership with Key Executive Appointments 
Apr 5, 2012 - Bazaarvoice Welcomes Sydney Carey to Its Board of Directors 
Mar 29, 2012 - Bazaarvoice Data Reveals that iPad Shoppers Heat Up the Night
Feb 29, 2012 - Bazaarvoice, Inc. Closes Initial Public Offering
Feb 23, 2012 - Bazaarvoice, Inc. Prices Initial Public Offering

2011

Oct 24, 2011 - Starwood Hotels & Resorts Gives Guests The Chance To 'Say It Like It Is' With The Launch Of Online Ratings & Reviews
Oct 13, 2011 - Bazaarvoice Introduces New Innovations for Clients to Achieve More Value from Facebook
Oct 1, 2011 - Travelocity Improves Hotel Shopping Experience by Connecting Travelers with User-Generated Content
Sep 22, 2011 - Bazaarvoice Debuts Quarterly Conversation Index
Aug 26, 2011 - Bazaarvoice, Inc. Files Registration Statement For Proposed Initial Public Offering
Aug 25, 2011 - Bazaarvoice and Google Extend Relationship to Enable +1 Button for Commerce Websites
Jul 13, 2011 - Yell and Bazaarvoice Announce Strategic Partnership To Bring Enterprise Social Management to Small and Medium Businesses Across the Globe 
Jun 2, 2011 - Bazaarvoice #1 provider for customer reviews 
May 24, 2011 - Bazaarvoice Extends Strategic Relationship with Facebook to Drive Value Across the Social Web

2010





Press contacts 
For all press inquiries, please contact:
Alison Kwong
        Public Relations Manager North America
        Tel: +1 (512) 551-6285
      
Maria Di Martino
        Public Relations Manager EMEA
        Tel : +44 (0)2080801152
      




























