

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version













  RMI Stock Quote - Riverbanc Multifamily Investors Inc - Bloomberg Markets              

       



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Riverbanc Multifamily Investors Inc   RMI:US      Unlisted   RMI:US is unlisted   USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding  (m)   6.600    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Real Estate   % Price Change 0.00%     Industry Real Estate   % Price Change 0.00%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Riverbanc Multifamily Investors, Inc. provides debt and equity capital to the multifamily finance industry. The Company specializes in the identification, acquisition, and management of privately placed debt and equity investments secured by multifamily and other housing related assets.    Address  227 West Trade StreetSuite 900Charlotte, NC 28202United States   Phone  1-980-224-4180   Website   www.riverbanc.com     Executives Board Members    Kevin M Donlon  Chairman/CEO/Founder      Douglas E Neal   President      Emily A Stiller   CFO/Treasurer    Stephen L Hogue  COO/Secretary      Steven Brannan   Managing Director:Acquisitions     Show More         






Riverbanc Multifamily Investors research information - IPO Boutique





  





Riverbanc Multifamily Investors IPO AdvisoryIPO Research - IPO Boutique




<< Return Home
















  IPO Boutique Blog
  FREE IPO Newsletter


IPO Central


              IPO Calendar
              IPO Pipeline
              Track Record
              Sample IPO
              Rating Scale
              IPO Primer



Secondaries


              Current Week
              Track Record
	      2015 Secondaries
              2014 Secondaries
              2013 Secondaries
              2012 Secondaries
              2011 Secondaries
              2010 Secondaries
              Secondaries Primer



Media




            International publications
 quoting IPO Boutique
 
            founder Scott Sweet
            



General Info


              About Us
              Contact Us
              Testimonials
              Announcements
              Disclaimer
              Site Map














Company
Symbol
Price Range
Issue Price
Open
Shares
Trade Date
Riverbanc Multifamily InvestorsRMI [ Nasdaq ]
$19.00-$20.00
$0.00
$0.003.8 million 
Underwriter(s): Baird, Keefe Bruyette & Woods, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey
Co-Manager(s): Nomura, Oppenheimer & Co., J.J.B. Hilliard, W.L. Lyons
Filing(s): Filed 2015-06-18Term Added 2015-07-22








For IPO Boutique's "scale of 1 to 5" BUY rating on Riverbanc Multifamily Investors, and our comprehensive analysis, click the "Buy Market Research" link.
Riverbanc Multifamily Investors Historical Chart - Click chart for current quote




About Riverbanc Multifamily Investors (adapted from Riverbanc Multifamily Investors prospectus): RiverBanc Multifamily Investors, Inc. is a Maryland corporation recently formed to succeed the business of our Predecessor, RB Multifamily Investors LLC, whereby we will acquire and manage a diverse portfolio of structured investments in multifamily apartment communities. This description is adapted from  prospectus. This description is not intended to be a recommendation to buy stock from this company. To see the company's full description, view their prospectus. 


Share this IPO Profile: 











IPO Boutique aggregates information on public companies and private companies, such as  "RMI" IPO, which is intended to educate our readers and help them evaluate potential investment opportunities and market conditions. We endeavor to research the financial industry and obtain independent verification of factual statements before presenting them to our users. Be informed. 



Need a recommendation? Visit our Testimonials page and see over 200 investors singing our praises.
Used our Comprehensive Single Promo Advisory and want more? We also offer a monthly or annual subscription 


© 2005 - 2017 IPO Boutique. All Rights Reserved









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















RIVERBANC MULTIFAMILY INVESTORS, Company Financial Information


























28/07/2017 15:04:57



1-888-992-3836 (toll free)


Free Membership
Login





MonitorQuoteChartsTradesNewsFinancialsToplistsAlertsPortfolioLevel 2Boards









Follow FeedMost PopularSitemapForex & FuturesWorld Exchanges










QuoteChartLevel 2TradesNewsHistoricalTechnical AnalysisMessage Board(MM) (NASDAQ)Res Mining Fpo(ASX)(TSXV)FinancialsSector SheetSearch by SectorFilterX


   
RIVERBANC MULTIFAMILY INVESTORS,
Visual Financials

 Company Name: Rotonics Manufacturing, Inc.Ticker Symbol: RMIWWW Address: www.rotocast.com
CEO: Sherman McKinnissNo. of Employees: 429
Common Issue Type: CSBusiness Description:The Company's operating divisions manufacture a variety of plastic products and custom plastic products for a variety of industries, utilizing the rotonically molding process and, on a smaller scale, injection molding and dip molding. Industry Information: CONSUMER NON-DURABLES - Rubber & Plastics [more like this]
   Price  Day Change  Bid  Ask  Open  High  Low  Volume        3.00 2.96 
 Market Cap (mil) Shares Outstanding (mil) Beta EPS DPS P/E Yield 52-Wks-Range
 0.0 0.0 0.00  0.00 0.0 0.0 3.50 - 2.32

 KEY FIGURES (Latest Twelve Months - LTM)Yesterday's Close3.00$PE Ratio - LTM0.0
Market Capitalisation0.0mil
Latest Shares Outstanding0.0mil
Earnings pS (EPS)$
Dividend pS (DPS)0.00¢
Dividend Yield0.0%
Dividend Payout Ratio%
Revenue per Employee112,007$
Effective Tax Rate36.3%
Float0.0mil
Float as % of Shares Outstanding%
Foreign Salesmil
Domestic Salesmil
Selling, General & Adm/tive (SG&A) as % of Revenue0.00%
Research & Devlopment (R&D) as % of Revenue0.00%
Gross Profit Margin0.0%
EBITDA Margin0.0%
Pre-Tax Profit Margin0.0%
Assets Turnover0.0%
Return on Assets (ROA)0.0%
Return on Equity (ROE)0.0%
Return on Capital Invested (ROCI)0.0%
Current Ratio
Leverage Ratio (Assets/Equity)
Interest Cover
Total Debt/Equity (Gearing Ratio)
LT Debt/Total Capital0.0%
Working Capital pS0.00$
Cash pS0.00$
Book-Value pS$
Tangible Book-Value pS0.00$
Cash Flow pS$
Free Cash Flow pS$

KEY FIGURES (LTM): Price info
Price/Book Ratio
Price/Tangible Book Ratio0.00
Price/Cash Flow
Price/Free Cash Flow
P/E as % of Industry Group60.0%
P/E as % of Sector Segment47.0%

 				  Balance Sheet (at a glance) in Millions
     DIVIDEND INFOType of PaymentCash Payment
Dividend Rate0.00
Current Dividend Yield0.0
5-Y Average Dividend Yield2.5
Payout Ratio0.0
5-Y Average Payout Ratio40.0






 Share price performance previous 3 years
   Share price performance intraday
                    PRICE/VOLUMEHighLowClose% Price Chg% Price Chg vs. Mkt.Avg. Daily VolTotal Vol
1 Week---1.010112419
4 Weeks3.002.932.942.01011442,166
13 Weeks3.002.862.855.31011307,277
26 Weeks3.002.492.5915.810412214,684
52 Weeks3.502.323.000.08910926,798
YTD3.002.93-2.01021532,752
Moving Average5-Days10-Days10-Weeks30-Weeks200-DaysBeta (60-Mnth)Beta (36-Mnth)
2.972.972.932.832.880.000.00

                GROWTH RATES5-YearGrowhR² of 5-Year Growth3-YearGrowth
Revenue0.0
Income0.0
Dividend0.0
Capital SpendingNA
R&D0.00NA0.00
Normalized Inc.29.03NA32.03

 CHANGESYTD vs. Last YTDCurr Qtr vs. Qtr 1-Yr agoAnnual vs. Last Annual
Revenue %1.21.26.5
Earnings %-47.6-47.617.5
EPS %-50.0-50.020.0
EPS $-0.03-0.030.03

                SOLVENCY RATIOSSHORT-TERM SOLVENCY RATIOS (LIQUIDITY)
Net Working Capital Ratio39.66
Current Ratio4.3
Quick Ratio (Acid Test)1.8
Liquidity Ratio (Cash)0.03
Receivables Turnover8.6
Average Collection Period42
Working Capital/Equity54.3
Working Capital pS0.92
Cash-Flow pS0.36
Free Cash-Flow pS0.03
FINANCIAL STRUCTURE RATIOS
Altman's Z-Score Ratio2.83
Financial Leverage Ratio (Assets/Equity)1.4
Debt Ratio26.9
Total Debt/Equity (Gearing Ratio)0.10
LT Debt/Equity0.10
LT Debt/Capital Invested18.7
LT Debt/Total Liabilities27.3
Interest Cover24.6
Interest/Capital Invested0.58

 VALUATION RATIOSMULTIPLES
PQ Ratio0.00
Tobin's Q Ratio0.00
Current P/E Ratio - LTM0.00
Enterprise Value (EV)/EBITDA1.25
Enterprise Value (EV)/Free Cash Flow130.57
Dividend Yield0.0
Price/Tangible Book Ratio - LTM0.00
Price/Book Ratio - LTM
Price/Cash Flow Ratio
Price/Free Cash Flow Ratio - LTM
Price/Sales Ratio0.00
P/E Ratio (1 month ago) - LTM19.6
P/E Ratio (26 weeks ago) - LTM15.2
P/E Ratio (52 weeks ago) - LTM18.8
5-Y High P/E Ratio0.0
5-Y Low P/E Ratio0.0
5-Y Average P/E Ratio16.5
Current P/E Ratio as % of 5-Y Average P/E
P/E as % of Industry Group60.0
P/E as % of Sector Segment47.0
Current 12 Month Normalized P/E Ratio - LTM13.6
PER SHARE FIGURES
LT Debt pS0.17
Current Liabilities pS0.27
Tangible Book Value pS - LTM0.00
Book Value pS - LTM
Capital Invested pS0.00
Cash pS - LTM0.00
Cash Flow pS - LTM
Free Cash Flow pS - LTM
Earnings pS (EPS)

 OPERATING RATIOSPROFITABILITY RATIOS
Free Cash Flow Margin0.76
Free Cash Flow Margin 5YEAR AVG3.61
Net Profit Margin4.3
Net Profit Margin - 5YEAR AVRG.
Equity Productivity2.42
Return on Equity (ROE)10.5
Return on Equity (ROE) - 5YEAR AVRG.
Capital Invested Productivity2.20
Return on Capital Invested (ROCI)9.5
Return on Capital Invested (ROCI) - 5YEAR AVRG.
Assets Productivity1.80
Return on Assets (ROA)7.6
Return on Assets (ROA) - 5YEAR AVRG.
Gross Profit Margin0.0
Gross Profit Margin - 5YEAR AVRG.
EBITDA Margin - LTM0.0
EBIT Margin - LTM0.0
Pre-Tax Profit Margin6.8
Pre-Tax Profit Margin - 5YEAR AVRG.
Effective Tax Rate36.3
Effective Tax Rate - 5YEAR AVRG.38.6
EFFICIENCY RATIOS
Cash Conversion Cycle118
Revenue per Employee112,007
Net Income per Employee4,846
Average Collection Period43
Receivables Turnover8.6
Day's Inventory Turnover Ratio75
Inventory Turnover4.8
Inventory/Sales16.4
Accounts Payble/Sales5.06
Assets/Revenue0.56
Net Working Capital Turnover4.45
Fixed Assets Turnover3.64
Total Assets Turnover1.8
Revenue per $ Cash589.59
Revenue per $ Plant3.70
Revenue per $ Common Equity2.42
Revenue per $ Capital Invested2.20
Selling, General & Adm/tive (SG&A) as % of Revenue13.9
SG&A Expense as % of Revenue - 5YEAR AVRG.0.0
Research & Devlopment (R&D) as % of Revenue0.0
R&D Expense as % of Revenue - 5YEAR AVRG.0.0

    				



 

 
Your Recent History
						


 


 







LSE






					GKP
				




				Gulf Keyst..
			








LSE






					QPP
				




				Quindell
			








FTSE






					UKX
				




				FTSE 100
			








LSE






					IOF
				




				Iofina
			








FX






					GBPUSD
				




				UK Sterlin..
			



 

Stocks you've viewed will appear in this box, letting you easily return to quotes you've seen previously.Register now to create your own custom streaming stock watchlist.
 

 



NYSE, AMEX, and ASX quotes are delayed by at least 20 minutes.All other quotes are delayed by at least 15 minutes unless otherwise stated.		





 By accessing the services available at ADVFN you are agreeing to be bound by ADVFN's
                Terms & Conditions





Suggestion box


Investment Warning


Copyright © 1999 - 2017


Cookie and Privacy Policy

.



 

ADVFN UK
Investors Hub
ADVFN Italy
ADVFN Australia
ADVFN Brazil




ADVFN Canada
ADVFN Germany
ADVFN Japan
ADVFN Mexico




ADVFN France
ADVFN US
Finance Manila


P:30 V:us D:20170728 14:04:57


Welcome   
Bad Login - try again








Username



Password



Forgotten password?  
					





help@advfn.com1-888-992-3836 (toll free)

Don't have an account?  Register Now.























Welcome to RiverBanc | Products | Overview



































Home
Investment Criteria
Selected Transactions
Contact Us













Contact Us
Investment Criteria
Selected Transactions
Home




















Investment Criteria





Download the RiverBanc Detailed Tear Sheet





Download the RiverBanc Detailed Tear Sheet






Download the HUD Detailed Tear Sheet





Download the HUD Detailed Tear Sheet


RiverBanc provides capital structured under various legal formats, subject to the unique attributes of a given transaction and goals of the project sponsor. We typically provide capital in one of four ways:


Joint Venture Equity
Preferred Equity
Mezzanine Debt
Ground Lease Acquisition



Joint Venture Equity


RiverBanc will invest directly in a property on a pari passu basis alongside an experienced, high quality operating partner
We can provide up to 95% of required equity (after senior debt)
Operating Partners earn an incentive fee over a 10% hurdle rate, commensurate with equity co-investment
Seeking middle market properties between $15 million and $75 million in value with opportunity for value enhancement through capital improvements, improved management or improving market dynamics
Focused on the southeastern quadrant of the US (Maryland and south, Texas and east)



Preferred Equity & Mezzanine Debt


Supplemental capital in conjunction with new or existing bank, conduit or life company senior financing
Focus on middle-market properties requiring subordinate debt in increments as low as $3 million, with no upper limit
LTVs up to 90%, minimum 1.05x DSCR
Current pay rate of 8% to 13% with lookback IRR of 12% to 15%
2 to 15 year terms
Generally non-recourse
Mezzanine loans are secured by the special purpose owner of a property and documented through a loan agreement
Preferred equity is structured as a senior equity interest in the special purpose owner of a property, and documented through an Operating Agreement 



Ground Lease Acquisition


RiverBanc will acquire the ground under an income producing property as an alternative form of equity capital investment
The ground lease generally represents no more than 50% of the fee simple property value and utilizes no more than 20% of gross property income
Cap rates of 6.0% and up provide positive leverage on the remaining leasehold asset, especially in conjunction with value-add situations or hospitality properties
RiverBanc's lease is unsubordinated, 99 years in term, senior-debt friendly, and may offer a purchase option to the leasehold estate 
















Copyright © RiverBanc 
	
		. 

		All rights reserved.   227 West Trade Street • Suite 900 • Charlotte, NC 28202.   Website design by VINE Creatives




Copyright ©  RiverBanc , LLC.
		All rights reserved.
227 West Trade Street • Suite 900, Charlotte, NC 28202
Website design by VINE Creatives












Welcome to RiverBanc | Home







































Home
Investment Criteria
Selected Transactions
Contact Us

















Contact Us
Investment Criteria
Selected Transactions
Home










Creative Capital Solutions for Multifamily Real Estate
RiverBanc is a leading provider of debt and equity capital to the multifamily finance industry.
We act as a principal investor, allowing us great flexibility in structuring and pricing capital solutions for our transaction partners.
We have a long term investment horizon, often investing for 10 years or longer.
Please contact us directly to discuss opportunities with your organization.



















Welcome to RiverBanc | Home







































Home
Investment Criteria
Selected Transactions
Contact Us

















Contact Us
Investment Criteria
Selected Transactions
Home










Creative Capital Solutions for Multifamily Real Estate
RiverBanc is a leading provider of debt and equity capital to the multifamily finance industry.
We act as a principal investor, allowing us great flexibility in structuring and pricing capital solutions for our transaction partners.
We have a long term investment horizon, often investing for 10 years or longer.
Please contact us directly to discuss opportunities with your organization.
















Riverbanc Multifamily Investors Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















riverbanc multifamily investors inc
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Private Equity
Riverbanc Multifamily Investors, Inc. provides debt and equity capital to the multifamily finance industry. The Company specializes in the identification, acquisition, and management of privately placed debt and equity investments secured by multifamily and other housing related assets.




Corporate Information
Address:

227 West Trade Street
Suite 900
Charlotte, NC 28202
United States


Phone:
1-980-224-4180


Fax:
1-855-826-1639


Web url:
www.riverbanc.com





Board Members




Chairman/CEO/Founder
Company


Kevin Donlon
Riverbanc Multifamily Investors Inc








Board Members
Company


Steve Mumma
New York Mortgage Trust Inc


























From The Web











Key Executives


Kevin M Donlon


Chairman/CEO/Founder




Douglas E Neal


President




Emily A Stiller


CFO/Treasurer




Stephen L Hogue


COO/Secretary




Steven Brannan


Managing Director:Acquisitions







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data














































RIVERBANC MULTIFAMILY INVESTORS, INC. IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





RIVERBANC MULTIFAMILY INVESTORS, INC. IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
RIVERBANC MULTIFAMILY INVESTORS, INC.


Company Address
227 WEST TRADE STREETSUITE 900CHARLOTTE, NC 28202


Company Phone
(980) 224-4180


Company Website
www.riverbancreit.com


CEO
Kevin M. Donlon


Employees  (as of 7/22/2015) 
0


State of Inc
MD


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Withdrawn (10/12/2016)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange
NASDAQ Capital


Share Price
19.00-20.00


Shares Offered
3,800,000


Offer Amount
$87,400,000.00


Total Expenses
$1,497,516.00


Shares Over Alloted
570,000


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
6,600,000


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001635369




We estimate that the net proceeds we will receive from this offering, after
deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses
and financial advisory fees of approximately $6.7 million payable by us, will be
approximately $67.4 million (or approximately $77.7 million if the underwriters’
option to purchase additional shares of our common stock is exercised in full),
assuming a public offering price of $19.50 per share, which is the midpoint of
the range of the public offering price per share set forth on the front cover of
this prospectus. We will contribute the net proceeds from this offering to our
operating partnership in exchange for common units.

We intend to use approximately $28.5 million of the net proceeds to acquire the
NYMT Contributed Assets, approximately $9.1 million to fund our Predecessor’s
contract to acquire a joint venture equity investment in the Preserve at Port
Royal, which is expected to close in August 2015, and substantially all of the
remaining net proceeds to fund our future acquisition of joint venture equity
ownership and preferred equity ownership in, and mezzanine debt and other
high-yield investments secured by, multifamily apartment properties, and for
general corporate purposes, including financing, operating expenses and our
other expenses.

Until future investments can be identified and consummated, we intend to invest
the net proceeds in interest-bearing short-term investment-grade securities or
money-market accounts that are consistent with our intention to qualify as a
REIT, including, for example, government and government agency certificates,
certificates of deposit and interest-bearing bank deposits. We expect that these
initial investments will provide a lower net return than we expect to receive
from investments in our targeted assets.


In sourcing and acquiring or originating investments for our portfolio, we will
compete with other mortgage REITs, equity REITs, specialty finance companies,
savings and loan associations, banks, mortgage bankers, insurance companies,
mutual funds, institutional investors, investment banking firms, other lenders,
governmental bodies and other entities, many of which have greater financial
resources and lower costs of capital available to them than we have. In
addition, there are a number of mortgage REITs with asset acquisition objectives
similar to or overlapping with our objectives, and others may be organized in
the future, which may increase competition for the available investments
suitable for us. Competitive variables include market presence and visibility,
size of the proposed investment and underwriting standards. To the extent that a
competitor is willing to risk larger amounts of capital in a particular
transaction or to employ more liberal underwriting standards when evaluating
potential investments than we are, our revenue and profit margins could be
impacted. Our competitors may also be willing to accept lower returns on their
investments and may succeed in buying the assets that we have targeted for
acquisition. Although we believe that we are well positioned to compete
effectively in each facet of our business, there is enormous competition in our
market sector and there can be no assurance that we will compete effectively or
that we will not encounter further increased competition in the future that
could limit our ability to conduct our business effectively.


Company Description
RiverBanc Multifamily Investors, Inc. is a Maryland corporation recently formed
to succeed the business of our Predecessor, RB Multifamily Investors LLC,
whereby we will acquire and manage a diverse portfolio of structured investments
in multifamily apartment communities. We make our investments


 principally in the
form of preferred equity or joint venture investments in, and mezzanine loans
secured by multifamily apartment properties. We have no employees and are
externally managed and advised by our Manager, RiverBanc LLC, an investment
management firm and registered investment adviser under the Investment Advisers
Act of 1940. Our Manager was founded in 2010 and since then has sourced and
managed over $400 million of direct and indirect investments in multifamily
apartment properties on behalf of both public and private institutional
investors. Our Manager’s management team has extensive experience executing the
type of investment strategy we will pursue.

From its inception in July 2013 through June 30, 2015, our Predecessor received
aggregate equity investments of approximately $69.0 million from affiliates of
Ellington Management Group, L.L.C., or Ellington, and our founders, which
include our Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Donlon, New York Mortgage Trust,
Inc., or NYMT, a REIT that is listed on the Nasdaq under the symbol “NYMT,” and
JMP Holding LLC, or JMP, a wholly-owned subsidiary of JMP Group LLC, a
full-service investment banking and asset management firm that is listed on the
New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE, under the symbol “JMP.” We refer to Mr.
Donlon, NYMT and JMP, collectively, as the “Contributing Investors” and our
founders.

In connection with our formation transactions, which will substantially be
consummated concurrently with the completion of this offering, we will: (i)
issue an aggregate of 1,062,976 shares of our common stock to acquire from the
Contributing Investors 100% of the common equity interests in our Predecessor,
which owns joint venture equity interests in five multifamily apartment
properties, a preferred equity interest in one multifamily apartment property
and three mezzanine loans secured by three multifamily apartment properties and
has one joint venture equity interest in a multifamily apartment property under
contract to acquire (collectively, the “Predecessor Investment Portfolio”); (ii)
issue 1,737,024 shares of our common stock to NYMT in connection with our
acquisition from NYMT of 100% of its preferred equity interests (having an
aggregate liquidation preference $32.7 million) in our Predecessor; and (iii)
use a portion of the net proceeds from this offering to pay approximately
$28.5 million in cash to acquire from a wholly-owned subsidiary of NYMT a
portfolio of five preferred equity investments in five multifamily apartment
properties (which includes one preferred equity investment in a multifamily
apartment property that NYMT has under contract to acquire that is expected to
close in August 2015) and one mezzanine loan secured by one multifamily
apartment property that NYMT has under an executed loan agreement, which is
expected to fund in August 2015 concurrent with the refinancing of the senior
mortgage loan on this property (collectively, the “NYMT Contributed Assets”).We
refer to these transactions as our “formation transactions” and to these 16
assets that comprise the Predecessor Investment Portfolio and the NYMT
Contributed Assets collectively as “our Initial Portfolio.” The assets that will
comprise our Initial Portfolio are managed or were sourced directly by our
Manager, which is 100% owned directly or indirectly by the Contributing
Investors. Each of the NYMT Contributed Assets was originated or sourced by our
Manager and was or will be funded by NYMT with the expectation that we would
eventually acquire these assets at a price equal to NYMT’s outstanding
investment in the assets, plus any accrued interest or preferred return thereon.
---

We were formed in 2015 as a corporation under the laws of the State of Maryland.
Our principal executive offices are located at 227 West Trade Street, Suite 900,
Charlotte, North Carolina 28202. Our telephone number is (980) 224-4180. Our
internet address is www.riverbancreit.com.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
$817,833


Net Income
-$2,034,347


Total Assets
$59,731,160






Total Liabilities
$1,511,530


Stockholders' Equity
$58,219,630




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 4 Total: 4
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



RIVERBANC MULTIFAMILY INVESTORS, INC.
RW
10/12/2016
Filing



RIVERBANC MULTIFAMILY INVESTORS, INC.
S-11/A
7/22/2015
Filing



RIVERBANC MULTIFAMILY INVESTORS, INC.
S-11/A
7/2/2015
Filing



RIVERBANC MULTIFAMILY INVESTORS, INC.
S-11
6/17/2015
Filing







Experts


Auditor
Grant Thornton LLP


Company Counsel
Venable LLP and Hunton & Williams LLP


Lead Underwriter
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc


Lead Underwriter
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated


Lead Underwriter
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc


Transfer Agent
American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC


Transfer Agent
 -- 


Underwriter
J.J.B. Hilliard, W.L. Lyons, LLC


Underwriter
Nomura Securities International, Inc.


Underwriter
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.


Underwriter Counsel
Clifford Chance US LLP






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6358.37


-23.82
 ▼ 
0.37%





DJIA

21769.60


-26.95
 ▼ 
0.12%





S&P 500

2468.62


-6.80
 ▼ 
0.27%










Data as of Jul 28, 2017 | 10:03AM


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            ERAMET group : Availability of the 2017 half-year financial report
                        



	                     9:48AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            WestRock Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.40 Per Share
                        



	                     9:45AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            First Business Invited to Participate at the KBW 2017 Community Bank Investor Conference
                        



	                     9:41AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Goodyear Tire sales miss on weaker demand, rising competition
                        



	                     9:33AM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX







































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started








































| Commercial Property Advisors




























Commercial Property AdvisorsCommercial Real Estate Investing Coaching 

As Seen In




Need Help?  Call 877-410-8777








Home
Free Trainings
Free Book
Protege Program
Peter Harris
About
Contact





Get Your FREE Copy of the Best Selling Book
Commercial Real Estate for Beginners




Enter Your Email Address












When you enter your email, a free copy of the book will be emailed to you as well as an investor training video series. You can opt out at anytime.
 Privacy Protection Guarantee: Your info is 100% secure and will never be shared.




 
Why Get This Book Now?
# 1 – It’s FREE: Why buy it on Amazon when you can get it for free here on this page right now (but you have to act fast before this offer is taken down).
# 2 – It’s a Best Seller: This book is the #1 Commercial Real Estate Book on Amazon. There’s a reason for that. It’s the best out there.
# 3 – It’s a MUST READ for Anyone Interested in Commercial Real Estate: Watch the video above by the author, Peter Harris, describing why you absolutely MUST read this book if you have any interest of getting into Commercial Real Estate.
Read Our Books



Watch Our YouTube Videos


Listen to Our PodCast


Return to top of pageCopyright ©  Commercial Property Advisors · Privacy Policy · Terms of Use · Google+




| Commercial Property Advisors




























Commercial Property AdvisorsCommercial Real Estate Investing Coaching 

As Seen In




Need Help?  Call 877-410-8777








Home
Free Trainings
Free Book
Protege Program
Peter Harris
About
Contact





Get Your FREE Copy of the Best Selling Book
Commercial Real Estate for Beginners




Enter Your Email Address












When you enter your email, a free copy of the book will be emailed to you as well as an investor training video series. You can opt out at anytime.
 Privacy Protection Guarantee: Your info is 100% secure and will never be shared.




 
Why Get This Book Now?
# 1 – It’s FREE: Why buy it on Amazon when you can get it for free here on this page right now (but you have to act fast before this offer is taken down).
# 2 – It’s a Best Seller: This book is the #1 Commercial Real Estate Book on Amazon. There’s a reason for that. It’s the best out there.
# 3 – It’s a MUST READ for Anyone Interested in Commercial Real Estate: Watch the video above by the author, Peter Harris, describing why you absolutely MUST read this book if you have any interest of getting into Commercial Real Estate.
Read Our Books



Watch Our YouTube Videos


Listen to Our PodCast


Return to top of pageCopyright ©  Commercial Property Advisors · Privacy Policy · Terms of Use · Google+

