























RiverSource® insurance unit values | Ameriprise Financial



Skip to main content
























RiverSource® insurance unit values
Your Ameriprise financial advisor can help you create a balanced financial strategy that considers what you need to protect and want to achieve. RiverSource life insurance can provide you with the growth and security you need to protect your dreams over a lifetime.




View the daily unit values of the following RiverSource variable universal life products.
In all states except New York:

RiverSource® Variable Universal Life 5
RiverSource® Variable Universal Life IV
RiverSource Succession Select® variable life insurance

In New York:

RiverSource® Variable Universal Life IV — New York
RiverSource Succession Select® variable life insurance — New York 

Visit riversource.com to see the performance of other RiverSource variable universal life insurance products.
Talk with your Ameriprise financial advisor today to learn more about how RiverSource life insurance can help you protect your dreams. Or, call our Ameriprise Advisor Center at 800.257.8740 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Central time (CT) Monday – Friday.
View important information about variable life insurance.

































You should consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the variable life insurance and its underlying investment options carefully before investing. For a free copy of the life insurance prospectus and underlying investment's prospectus, which contains this and other information about variable life insurance, call (800) 333-3437. Read the prospectus carefully before you invest.
Variable life insurance is a complex vehicle that is subject to market risk, including the potential loss of principal invested
A fund underlying your contract in which a subaccount invests may have a name, portfolio manager, objectives, strategies and characteristics that are the same or substantially similar to those of a publicly-traded retail mutual fund. Despite these similarities, an underlying fund is not the same as any publicly traded retail mutual fund. Each underlying fund will have its own unique portfolio holdings, fees, operating expenses and operating results. The results of each underlying fund may differ significantly from any publicly-traded retail mutual fund.
RiverSource Distributors, Inc. (Distributor), Member FINRA. Issued by RiverSource Life Insurance Company, Minneapolis, Minnesota, and in New York only, by RiverSource Life Insurance Co. of New York, Albany, New York. Affiliated with Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc.
Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. offers financial advisory services, investments, insurance and annuity products. RiverSource® products are offered by affiliates of Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc., Member FINRA and SIPC. CA License #0684538





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft































RAVA 5 Select® Variable Annuity - New York | RiverSource


Skip to main content

















To see information for a different variable annuity, select from the list below. For New York and Texas, please select your state. For all others, please select National, then the product name.





RAVA 5 Select® variable annuity - New York
You've worked hard throughout your lifetime to prepare for a comfortable retirement. Through each stage — from building your nest egg to enjoying your retirement — you'll want and need sustainable retirement income and the growth potential to help ensure the retirement you envision. RiverSource offers a range of annuity solutions that can help you grow your money, live more confidently in retirement and share your wealth with the people and causes you care about.
Variable annuities are long-term investment vehicles designed to help you position yourself for a more confident retirement. For further information, please read the prospectus.






Overview
Performance
Daily Unit Values
Fees & Charges
Investing Solutions
Optional Benefits
Related Literature


  
Getting Started

Minimum initial payment: Qualified - $2,000; Non-qualified - $10,000
If annuity is part of an employer-sponsored plan, the minimum payment is $1,000 for lump sum, or $25 per payment (only allowed with group bill).
Minimum additional payments: $50
Maximum issue age: 90

Withdrawals
Surrender charges (based on contract year)




Completed year
0
1
2
3
4




4-Year Charge
7%
6%
5%
4%
0%




Access to withdrawals
Cumulative earnings or 10% of the prior anniversary contract value can be annually withdrawn without charge
Surrender charge waivers


Nursing Home Confinement
To qualify:

Owner and joint owner must be confined to a qualified facility for 60 consecutive days
Owner and joint owner must be under 76 at contract issue



Terminal illness
To qualify:

Diagnosis must occur after first contract anniversary
No maximum issue age



Owner and joint owner are covered on both waivers. Check your product prospectus for more information.


Systematic withdrawals

$50 monthly minimum




Investment Features and Options


Special Dollar Cost Averaging fixed account (SDCA)

6 and 12 month DCA
Rates are similar to the regular fixed account
No minimum



Regular fixed account

One year guaranteed rate followed by 12-month renewal rates
Guaranteed Minimum Interest Rate varies by issue date





With an optional living benefit

You can choose from the Portfolio Stabilizer funds.



Without an optional living benefit
If you did not elect an optional living benefit, you can choose from over 90 funds encompassing a wide spectrum of fund families, investment types and strategies. You will have access to individual funds as well as asset allocation portfolios. Our individual funds offer everything from blue-chip domestic funds to international small-company funds to alternatives. Our asset allocation portfolios are broadly diversified across asset classes, market sectors and holdings, and have built-in asset allocation and risk management to help meet your investing goals. You also have access to fixed account options that offer the security of a guaranteed rate of return.










Total Mortality & Expense (M&E) fee

1.35% (through year 10); 0.95% (years 11+)

Optional Living and Death Benefit fees




Fee added to M&E fee




Return of Purchase Payments (ROPP) death benefit
0.35%


Maximum Five Year Anniversary Value (MAV5) death benefit
0.10%


Maximum Anniversary Value (MAV) death benefit
0.25%








Annual Charge




Currently Available:


SecureSource 4 NY® — Single and Joint Life Benefit
1.25%


SecureSource 4 Plus NY® — Single and Joint Life Benefit
1.50%


Accumulation Protector Benefit® (APB®)
1.30%




Contract charge
$30 annual charge. (Waived for contracts $50,000 and over; not waived at full surrender.)


Flexible investing options: the choice is yours.
Within your RiverSource® variable annuity, you have two investing paths to consider:

With an optional living benefit. If you selected a living benefit for your RiverSource variable annuity, you can choose from the Portfolio Stabilizer funds.
Without an optional living benefit. If you did not elect an optional living benefit, you can choose from over 90 funds encompassing a wide spectrum of fund families, investment types and strategies. You will have access to individual funds as well as asset allocation portfolios. Our individual funds offer everything from blue-chip domestic funds to international small-company funds to alternatives. Our asset allocation portfolios are broadly diversified across asset classes, market sectors and holdings, and have built-in asset allocation and risk management to help meet your investing goals. You also have access to fixed account options that offer the security of a guaranteed rate of return.



Optional benefits provide increased protection
RiverSource® annuities can help with a wide range of retirement needs, including protecting your wealth, providing lifetime income guarantees and leaving a legacy. Optional benefits, available for an additional fee, can be added to your annuity contract to meet your specific goals and needs.
Living Benefits
Optional living benefits can protect your investment, offer opportunities for guaranteed income growth while you are accumulating, and provide guaranteed income for life.
Death Benefits
Share your legacy with the people and causes you care about with a selection of death benefit options that can help protect your investment for your beneficiaries and even increase what you leave behind.


Please contact your advisor with any questions.



RiverSource® RAVA 5 Select variable annuity - New York

At a glance brochure





RiverSource® RAVA 5 Select variable annuity - New York

Prospectus



















 


Talk with your Ameriprise financial advisor today to learn more about how RiverSource annuities can help you reach your retirement goals. Or, call our Ameriprise Advisor Center at 800-257-8740 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Central time Monday through Friday.
The guarantees offered by RiverSource® annuities are backed by the strength and soundness of RiverSource Life Insurance Company and, in New York, RiverSource Life Insurance Co. of New York, and are subject to their claims-paying ability. These guarantees do not apply to the investments in the annuity, which will vary with market conditions.
View important information about annuities, including how to request a variable annuity prospectus
 


 


     
  










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















11 Annuity Tips You Should Know









































11 Tips You Absolutely Must Know About Annuities  




Tip #11: There are different types of annuities.  Some are designed for accumulation and growth; while others are designed to maximize retirement income. Fixed annuities provide a safe alternative to bank CD’s. It’s very important to select the right type of annuity for your situation. 





Get My Annuity Report Now!


2017's Best Annuities - Find the annuities with the highest rates, lowest fees and highest guaranteed returns in our free report




Tip #10: If you purchase a traditional fixed annuity, find a company that has a history of providing competitive renewal rates. This is important because the interest rate you earn is only guaranteed for a portion of the term. Some companies have a history of paying better renewal rates than others. The rates for CD-type annuities remain the same for the term. 







Tip #8: If you purchase an immediate annuity with a “life with cash refund or life with installment refund”, the listed beneficiaries will receive 100% of the remaining dollars.  Annuities avoid probate, so select the right beneficiary!




Tip #9:
  Rates that look too good to be true, usually are. Make sure to check the companies rating before purchasing and look for stable, highly rated companies. You also want to diversify. Don't invest all of your savings with 1 company. 







Tip #5: Income annuities (SPIA’s) usually provide the highest contractually guaranteed payout of any type of annuity if you need “income now”. SPIA's also have no fees.  




Looking for retirement income? Our free report shops 150+ annuities and highlights the companies with the highest guaranteed returns




Our Free Report compares 1,420 annuities from America's two largest annuity databases








Tip #7: Insurance agents usually get paid more the longer the money is locked up.  Many states have banned annuities with terms over 10 years.  You should do the same. 




Tip #6: You might have seen annuity ads where an annuity earned 12-15% with no risk. These come from "uncapped" index annuities. These returns are possible when market indexes go up considerably. Keep in mind these returns are not normal. 




Bonus Tip :  Let us help you. Request our free annuity report and we will send you what we feel are the best annuities available on the market today. Our free report compares 1,420 annuities from America's two largest annuity databases to find the highest guaranteed returns. 





Annuity Pros and Cons




Myths 




Types 



Annuity Tips




Did you know over 1 million Americans already own an annuity?











As Seen On 


Copyright 2017 Annuity Resources



Privacy Policy 



Terms & Conditions



(888)266-8190



Tip #4:  Be careful of the fees on variable annuities.  Variable annuities have many different layers of fees. Get an itemized breakdown of all of the fees.  If your variable annuity earns 7-9% gross and you pay 3-4% in fees, you may be better off in fixed products.




Tip #3: Shop around. Don't buy any annuity until you compare the rates, benefits and fees of all of the products available.   Rates vary considerably! The top 5 year fixed annuity is now paying 220% more interest than the bottom in our database. 




Tip #2:  Index annuities - 1. Does it have a cap?  2. In plain english, how is the gain calculated?  If you are looking at index annuities with an income rider, we can compare 150+ products and show you which products guarantee the most income in our free report. 











Tip #1:
 Longevity annuities (DIA's) allow you to take a lump sum and turn it into "income later". The US treasury department and IRS have endorsed this type of annuity in recent years and made them more accessible in 401(k) plans. 



















;








	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started



























































Variable Annuities | RiverSource


Skip to main content





















Variable Annuities
Take charge of your retirement.
You may have these questions as you plan for retirement:
Things to Consider

Am I saving enough?
How much money can I safely spend so that it lasts my lifetime?
If I don’t need the money for income, how can I protect it for my beneficiaries?

RiverSource® variable annuities can help you address these challenges with more confidence and help you create the retirement you envsion.
Variable annuities offer:

Professionally managed investments and tax-deferred growth
Unique living benefits for an added fee
Benefits that protect your investments for your beneficiaries





Learn more about RiverSource® variable annuities and how they can help meet your retirement goals:




RAVA 5 Advantage®
RAVA 5 Select®
RAVA 5 Access®






Lower initial payment to open your annuity
Lower M&E fees1
Choice of a 7-year or 10-year surrender period
Opportunity to grow your investments over time through market participation




4-year surrender charge period
Access to your money in less time
Opportunity to grow your investments over time through market participation




No surrender charge
Immediate access to your money
Option to leave your money invested to participate in the markets





Learn more:

RiverSource® RAVA 5 Advantage variable annuity
RiverSource® RAVA 5 Advantage variable annuity - New York



Learn more:

RiverSource® RAVA 5 Select variable annuity
RiverSource® RAVA 5 Select variable annuity - New York



Learn more:

RiverSource® RAVA 5 Access variable annuity 
RiverSource® RAVA 5 Access variable annuity - New York










To see information for a different variable annuity, select from the list below. For New York and Texas, please select your state. For all others, please select National, then the product name.


View performance for Portfolio Stabilizer funds
View performance for Portfolio Navigator funds




Talk to an Advisor


Talk to an advisor to discuss how RiverSource solutions can help you. Don’t Have an Advisor? Find an Ameriprise Financial Advisor who is right for you.

Find an Advisor



Variable annuities can help you weather market volatility and make the most of your retirement investment. Talk with your Ameriprise financial advisor today to learn more about how RiverSource annuities can help you reach your retirement goals. Or, call our Ameriprise Advisor Center at (800) 257-8740 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Central time Monday through Friday.
The guarantees offered by RiverSource® annuities are backed by the strength and soundness of RiverSource Life Insurance Company and, in New York, RiverSource Life Insurance Co. of New York, and are subject to their claims-paying ability. These guarantees do not apply to the investments in the annuity, which will vary with market conditions.
View important information about annuities, and how to request a variable annuity prospectus.
1Source: RiverSource product research, using the Morningstar AnnuityIntelligence tool. Analysis includes: comparable L- and B-share variable annuities with 4-year, 7-year and 10-year surrender charge schedules with an ‘open’ status in Morningstar as of May 2016. Analysis excludes: closed and group annuities and annuities with a premium-based fee. Research compared Mortality, Expense, Administrative and Distribution fees. Morningstar, Inc. is not affiliated with nor does it endorse or otherwise provide a testimonial for the products of RiverSource Life Insurance Company or RiverSource Life Insurance Co. of New York.

112976 C(5/17)













 



 


 


     
  







