





















Annuities and Insurance |  RiverSource


Skip to main content












What would
happen if your
income stopped?
Learn how income
protection can help.
Learn more









Choose RiverSource



Offering innovative protection, growth and income solutions
Built on a heritage of more than 120 years of financial strength
Here for you now, in retirement and as you plan for future generations



















Our solutions


Retire with more confidence
Protect what matters most








Be confident in our strength


See how we stand behind our promises
Watch the video







Background and qualification information is available at FINRA’s BrokerCheck website

Quick Links

Current Market Commentary
Service Forms
Performance - Annuities
Performance - Insurance



































 



 


 


     
  


















 







SEC Info - RiverSource Short Term Investments Series, Inc. - ‘N-1A’ on 6/27/06 - EX-99.(A)(5)ART AMND










SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In




RiverSource Short Term Investments Series, Inc. – ‘N-1A’ on 6/27/06 – EX-99.(A)(5)ART AMNDOn:  Tuesday, 6/27/06, at 4:55pm ET   ·   Accession #:  1365335-6-65   ·   File #:  811-21914




  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    For·On·As Docs:Size              Issuer               Agent

 6/27/06  RiverSource Short Term Invs...Inc N-1A                  10:511K                                   Cenveo/FA
          → Columbia Short-Term Cash Fund F-->Registration Statement of an Open-End Management Investment Company   —   Form N-1AFiling Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: N-1A        Part C                                                79    456K 
 3: EX-99.(A)(1)ART INCP  Articles of Incorportion                     5     24K 
 4: EX-99.(A)(2)ART AMND  Articles of Amendment                        1      7K 
 5: EX-99.(A)(3)ART AMND  Articles of Amendment                        2±     8K 
 6: EX-99.(A)(4)ART AMND  Articles of Amendment                        2±     7K 
 7: EX-99.(A)(5)ART AMND  Articles of Amendment                        2±     7K 
 8: EX-99.(B) BYLAWS  By-Laws                                          5     25K 
 9: EX-99.(D)INV MGMT AG  Investment Management Services Agreement     7     26K 
10: EX-99.CODE ETHICS  Code of Ethics of Investment Adviser and       73    252K 
                          Principal Underwriter                                  
 2: EX-99.EX INDEX  Exhibit Index                                      1      7K 

D-->EX-99.(A)(5)ART AMND   —   Articles of Amendment
P-->
 ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT
OF
RIVERSOURCE SHORT-TERM CASH FUND, INC.

       Pursuant to Section 302A.135 of the Minnesota Business Corporation Act,
RiverSource Short-Term Cash Fund, Inc., incorporated on April 8, 1986, under the
laws of the State of Minnesota, amends its Articles of Incorporation to change  
the name of the corporation to RiverSource Short Term Investments Series, Inc.  
and the minimum size permitted for a shareholder account.                       

New Article I shall be:                                         

ARTICLE I - NAME

The name of this corporation (hereinafter called the "Fund") is:

 RIVERSOURCE SHORT TERM INVESTMENTS SERIES, INC.

New Article III, Section 1 shall be:                            

ARTICLE III - CAPITALIZATION
Section 1.  The amount of the total authorized Capital Stock of the Corporation 
shall be $1,000,000,000, consisting of 100,000,000,000 shares of the par value  
of one cent ($.01) per share.  Any or all shares of Capital Stock may be issued 
in classes or series with designations, preferences and relative, participating,
optional or other special rights, or qualifications, limitations or             
restrictions, as stated in a resolution providing for the issuance of the class 
or series of stock as adopted from time to time by the Corporation's Board. Each
class or series of shares that the Board may establish may, if the Board so     
determines by resolution, evidence an interest in a separate and distinct       
portion of the Corporation's assets.  Authority to establish separate portfolios
is vested in the Board.                                                         

       The corporation has no shares of capital stock outstanding, accordingly
pursuant to Section 302A.133 the resolution to amend the Articles of            
Incorporation was approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the members 
of the board of directors at a regular meeting held on January 11-12, 2006.     

Dated this 21st day of April, 2006.                                             
                                  RiverSource Short Term Investments Series,Inc.

         By /s/  Leslie L. Ogg
            ------------------
                 Leslie L. Ogg
                                Vice President and Secretary

STATE OF MINNESOTA  )                                                           
) ss.                               
COUNTY OF HENNEPIN  )                                                           

    The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this 21st day of
April, 2006.                                                                    

      By /s/  Diane Kepp
         ---------------
              Diane Kepp
          Notary

↑TopFiling Submission 0001365335-06-000065   –   Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, et al.)
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Fri, 28 Jul 14:05:56.0 GMT 





SEC Info - RiverSource Short Term Investments Series, Inc. - ‘40-17F2’ on 10/31/07 re: RiverSource Short Term Investments Series, Inc.










SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In




RiverSource Short Term Investments Series, Inc. – ‘40-17F2’ on 10/31/07 re: RiverSource Short Term Investments Series, Inc.On:  Wednesday, 10/31/07, at 2:39pm ET   ·   Effective:  10/31/07   ·   Accession #:  950137-7-16292   ·   File #:  811-21914
Previous ‘40-17F2’:  ‘40-17F2’ on 4/30/07   ·   Next:  ‘40-17F2’ on 5/30/08   ·   Latest:  ‘40-17F2’ on 9/30/08



  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    For·On·As Docs:Size              Issuer               Agent

10/31/07  RiverSource Short Term Invs...Inc 40-17F2    10/31/07    1:9K   RiverSource Short Term Invs...Inc Bowne Boc/FAF-->Certificate of Accounting of Securities in the Custody of a Management Investment Company   —   Form N-17F-2Filing Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: 40-17F2     Form N-17F2                                            3     17K 

D-->P-->40-17F21st Page of 3TOC↑TopPreviousNext↓BottomJust 1st 
                                                        ------------------------
                                                        OMB APPROVAL
                                                        ------------------------
                                                     OMB Number: 3235-0360
                                                      Expires: July 31, 2009
                                                        Estimated average burden
                                                        hours per response...2.1
                                                        ------------------------

 UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
FORM N-17F-2

 Certificate of Accounting of Securities and Similar
 Investments in the Custody of
 Management Investment Companies

Pursuant to Rule 17f-2[17 CFR 270.17f-2]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. Investment Company Act File Number:        Date examination completed:       

811-21914 October 22, 2007               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2. State identification Number:                                                 

AL                 AK   AZ   AR            CA   CO                        
CT                 DE   DC   FL            GA   HI                        
ID                 IL   IN   IA            KS   KY                        
LA                 ME   MD   MA            MI   MN                        
MS                 MO   MT   NE            NV   NH                        
NJ                 NM   NY   NC            ND   OH                        
OK                 OR   PA   RI            SC   SD                        
TN                 TX   UT   VT            VA   WA                        
WV                 WI   WY   PUERTO RICO                                  
Other (specify):                                                          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
3. Exact name of investment company as specified in registration statement:     

RiverSource Short Term Investments Series, Inc.                           
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
4. Address of principal executive office (number, street, city, state, zip      
code):                                                                    

50606 Ameriprise Financial Center, Minneapolis, MN 55474                  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

INSTRUCTIONS                                                                    

This Form must be completed by investment companies that have custody of        
securities or similar investments.                                              

INVESTMENT COMPANY                                                              

1.   All items must be completed by the investment company.                     

2.   Give this Form to the independent public accountant who, in compliance with
    Rule 17f-2 under the Act and applicable state law, examines securities and
similar investments in the custody of the investment company.         

ACCOUNTANT                                                                      

3.   Submit this Form to the Securities and Exchange Commission and appropriate 
   state securities administrators when filing the certificate of accounting
 required by Rule 17f-2 under the Act and applicable state law. File the
original and one copy with the Securities and Exchange Commission's   
     principal office in Washington, D.C., one copy with the regional office for
    the region in which the investment company's principal business operations
     are conducted, and one copy with the appropriate state administrator(s), if
applicable.                                                           

 THIS FORM MUST BE GIVEN TO YOUR INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANT

P-->40-17F22nd Page of 3TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 2nd
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Board of Directors of RiverSource Funds                                  

We have examined management's assertion, included in the accompanying Management
Statement Regarding Compliance With Certain Provisions of the Investment Company
Act of 1940, that the following Funds:                                          

RiverSource Cash Management Fund,                                     
RiverSource Growth Fund,                                              
RiverSource Limited Duration Bond Fund,                               
RiverSource Core Bond Fund,                                           
RiverSource Income Opportunities Fund,                                
RiverSource Short Term Cash Fund,                                     
RiverSource Inflation Protected Securities Fund,                      
RiverSource VP - Cash Management Fund,                                
RiverSource Strategic Allocation Fund,                                
RiverSource Floating Rate Fund,                                       
RiverSource Disciplined Small and Mid Cap Equity Fund,                
RiverSource Disciplined Large Cap Growth Fund,                        
RiverSource Strategic Income Allocation Fund;                         

of the RiverSource Funds (referred to collectively as the Funds) complied with  
the requirements of subsections (b) and (c) of rule 17f-2 of the Investment     
Company Act of 1940 (the Act) as of July 31, 2007. Management is responsible for
the Funds' compliance with those requirements. Our responsibility is to express 
an opinion on management's assertion about the Funds' compliance based on our   
examination.                                                                    

Our examination was conducted in accordance with the standards of the Public    
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and, accordingly, included   
examining, on a test basis, evidence about the Funds' compliance with those     
requirements and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in 
the circumstances. Included among our procedures were the following tests       
performed as of July 31, 2007, and with respect to agreement of security        
purchases and sales, for the period from August 1, 2006 through July 31, 2007:  

-    Count and inspection of all securities located in the vault of Ameriprise  
 Trust Company (the Custodian) was not performed as no securities of the
Funds were held in the Custodian's vault;                             

-    Confirmation of all securities held by institutions in book entry form     
(Wells Fargo and Depository Trust Company);                           

-    Confirmation of all securities hypothecated, pledged, placed in escrow, or 
out for transfer with brokers, pledgees, or transfer agents;          

-    Review of reconciliation of all such securities to the books and records of
the Funds and the Custodian;                                          

-    Agreement of twelve security purchases and thirteen security sales or      
     maturities from the books and records of the Funds to broker confirmations.

We believe that our examination provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Our
examination does not provide a legal determination on the Funds' compliance with
specified requirements.                                                         

In our opinion, management's assertion that the Funds complied with the         
requirements of subsections (b) and (c) of rule 17f-2 of the Act as of July 31,
2007, with respect to securities reflected in the investment accounts of the    
Funds is fairly stated, in all material respects.                               

This report is intended solely for the information and use of management and the
Board of Directors of the Funds and the Securities and Exchange Commission and  
is not intended to be and should not be used by anyone other than these         
specified parties.                                                              

                     /s/ Ernst & Young LLP

Minneapolis, Minnesota                                                          
October 22, 2007                                                                

P-->40-17F2Last Page of 3TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 3rd
Management Statement Regarding Compliance With Certain Provisions of the
Investment Company Act of 1940

October 22, 2007                                                                

I, as a member of management of the RiverSource Cash Management Fund,           
RiverSource Growth Fund, RiverSource Limited Duration Bond Fund, RiverSource    
Core Bond Fund, RiverSource Income Opportunities Fund, RiverSource Short Term   
Cash Fund, RiverSource Inflation Protected Securities Fund, RiverSource VP -    
Cash Management Fund, RiverSource Strategic Allocation Fund, RiverSource        
Floating Rate Fund, RiverSource Disciplined Small and Mid Cap Equity Fund,      
RiverSource Disciplined Large Cap Growth Fund, RiverSource Strategic Income     
Allocation Fund of the RiverSource Funds (referred to collectively as the       
Funds), am responsible for complying with the requirements of subsections (b)   
and (c) of rule 17f-2, "Custody of Investments by Registered Management         
Investment Companies," of the Investment Company Act of 1940. I am also         
responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal controls over   
compliance with those requirements. I have performed an evaluation of the Funds'
compliance with the requirements of subsections (b) and (c) of rule 17f-2 as of 
July 31, 2007, and from the date of the last examination of each fund through   
July 31, 2007.                                                                  

Based on this evaluation, I assert that the Funds were in compliance with the   
requirements of subsections (b) and (c) of rule 17f-2 of the Investment Company 
Act of 1940 as of July 31, 2007, and from the date of the last examination of   
each fund through July 31, 2007, with respect to securities reflected in the    
investment accounts of the Funds.                                               

By: /s/ Jeffrey P. Fox                                                          
--------------------------------                                        
Jeffrey P. Fox                                                          
Treasurer                                                               
RiverSource Funds                                                       
R-->Dates Referenced Herein   and   Documents Incorporated by Reference
Referenced-On PageThis ‘40-17F2’ Filing    Date First  Last      Other Filings7/31/091N-CSR,  NSAR-BFiled on / Effective on:10/31/07N-Q10/22/07137/31/0723N-CSR,  NSAR-B8/1/062 List all Filings 
↑TopFiling Submission 0000950137-07-016292   –   Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, et al.)
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Fri, 28 Jul 14:05:56.0 GMT 


RiverSource Large Cap Series, Inc. - RiverSource Large Cap Equity Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:05 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of RiverSource Large Cap Series, Inc. - RiverSource Large Cap Equity Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
As of June 2, 2009, RiverSource Large Cap Series, Inc. - RiverSource Large Cap Equity Fund has been merged into RiverSource Disciplined Equity Fund. RiverSource Large Cap Series, Inc. - RiverSource Large Cap Equity Fund is an open-ended mutual fund launched and managed by RiverSource Investments, LLC. It invests in the public equity markets of the United States. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in both growth and value stocks of large-cap companies with market capitalization greater than $5 billion. The fund employs fundamental analysis focusing on companies with effective management, financial strength, competitive market or pr...
As of June 2, 2009, RiverSource Large Cap Series, Inc. - RiverSource Large Cap Equity Fund has been merged into RiverSource Disciplined Equity Fund. RiverSource Large Cap Series, Inc. - RiverSource Large Cap Equity Fund is an open-ended mutual fund launched and managed by RiverSource Investments, LLC. It invests in the public equity markets of the United States. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in both growth and value stocks of large-cap companies with market capitalization greater than $5 billion. The fund employs fundamental analysis focusing on companies with effective management, financial strength, competitive market or product position and technological advantage relative to other companies. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Russell 1000 Index, the S&P 500 Index and the Lipper Large-Cap Core Funds Index. The fund conducts in-house research to make its investments. RiverSource Large Cap Series, Inc. - RiverSource Large Cap Equity Fund was formed on March 28, 2002 and is domiciled in United States.
Detailed Description


225 Franklin StreetBoston, MA 02110United StatesFounded in 2002



Phone: 617-385-9580

Fax: 877-303-7454








Key Executives for RiverSource Large Cap Series, Inc. - RiverSource Large Cap Equity Fund


RiverSource Large Cap Series, Inc. - RiverSource Large Cap Equity Fund does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact RiverSource Large Cap Series, Inc. - RiverSource Large Cap Equity Fund, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











RiverSource Short Term Investments Series Inc - Columbia Short-Term Cash Fund: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























riversource short term investments series inc - columbia short-term cash fund
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: -
Industry: -
Sub-Industry: -





Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































American Private Money Group Trust Deed Investments Trust Deed Opportunities High Yield Trust Deeds









































American Private Money Group Trust Deed Investments Trust Deed Opportunities High Yield Trust Deeds









































American Private Money Group Trust Deed Investments Trust Deed Opportunities High Yield Trust Deeds









































American Private Money Group Trust Deed Investments Trust Deed Opportunities High Yield Trust Deeds









































American Private Money Group Trust Deed Investments Trust Deed Opportunities High Yield Trust Deeds





























































RiverSource® annuity performance | Ameriprise Financial



Skip to main content
























RiverSource® annuity performance
Your Ameriprise financial advisor can recommend financial solutions to help you retire with more confidence. Those solutions may include RiverSource® variable annuities, which can help you address retirement challenges and build your retirement portfolio.




View the performance of the following RiverSource variable annuities.
In all states except New York:

RiverSource RAVA 5 Advantage®
RiverSource RAVA 5 Select®
RiverSource RAVA 5 Access®

In New York:

RiverSource RAVA 5 Advantage
RiverSource RAVA 5 Select
RiverSource RAVA 5 Access

Visit riversource.com to view the performance of other RiverSource variable annuities.
Variable annuities can help you weather market volatility and make the most of your retirement investment. Talk with your Ameriprise financial advisor today to learn more about how RiverSource annuities can help you reach your retirement goals. Or, call our Ameriprise Advisor Center at 800.257.8740 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Central time (CT) Monday – Friday.

































You should consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the variable annuity and its underlying investment options carefully before investing. For a free copy of the variable annuity prospectus and underlying investment's prospectus, which contains this and other information about variable annuities, call (800) 333-3437. Read the prospectus carefully before you invest.
Variable annuities are insurance products that are complex, long-term investment vehicles that are subject to market risk, including the potential loss of principal invested.
A fund underlying your contract in which a subaccount invests may have a name, portfolio manager, objectives, strategies and characteristics that are the same or substantially similar to those of a publicly-traded retail mutual fund. Despite these similarities, an underlying fund is not the same as any publicly traded retail mutual fund. Each underlying fund will have its own unique portfolio holdings, fees, operating expenses and operating results. The results of each underlying fund may differ significantly from any publicly-traded retail mutual fund.
RiverSource Distributors, Inc. (Distributor), Member FINRA. Insurance and annuity products are issued by RiverSource Life Insurance Company and in New York, by RiverSource Life Insurance Co. of New York, Albany, New York. Only RiverSource Life Insurance Co. of New York is authorized to sell insurance and annuities in New York.
Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. offers financial advisory services, investments, insurance and annuity products. RiverSource® products are offered by affiliates of Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc., Member FINRA and SIPC. CA License #0684538


















