



 Stock Quotes and Investment Research  -- Quicken® Investing Center







| Quicken
















 












Skip to main content






Quicken Logo




Quicken Logo








United StatesCanada

 



            Cart            



Sign InMy Account
Investment Portfolio

 









You are here









Loading... 




















 







RCRIX Mutual Fund - RiverPark-Commercial-Real-Estate-Fund Summary - Quicken® Investing Center







| Quicken
















 












Skip to main content






Quicken Logo




Quicken Logo








United StatesCanada

 



            Cart            



Sign InMy Account
Investment Portfolio

 









You are here









Loading... 












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Real Estate Fund of Funds - Penn Square






























Penn Square 
Funds


Penn Square Global Real Estate Fund I
Penn Square Global Real Estate Fund I is the first in a successful series of global real estate multi-strategy funds sponsored by Penn Square Real Estate Group. The Fund closed on March 31, 2008 with a diverse group of institutional and high net worth investors. The Fund sought opportunistic returns through a multi-strategy, globally allocated portfolio of investments in direct real estate funds.
The Fund fulfilled a need in the private equity real estate marketplace by offering access to an investment platform that allowed greater diversification by vintage year and by fund managers than conventional real estate strategy. The fund tactically committed investor capital to markets in the U.S. and developed and emerging international markets, including Germany, Japan, Brazil, India, China, Mexico and other regions.

Penn Square Global Real Estate Fund II
Penn Square Global Real Estate Fund II is the second-generation investment vehicle sponsored by Penn Square Real Estate Group. The Fund closed on March 31, 2010 with a diverse group of institutional and high net worth investors. The Fund sought opportunistic returns through a multi-strategy, globally allocated portfolio of investments in direct real estate funds, as well as in special situation investments.
The Fund fulfilled a need in the private equity real estate marketplace by offering access to an investment platform that allowed greater diversification by vintage year and by fund managers than conventional real estate strategy. The fund tactically committed investor capital to markets in the U.S. and developed and emerging international markets, including the United Kingdom, Germany, Japan, Brazil, China and other regions.



TownSquare Real Estate Alpha Fund I & I-A
TownSquare Real Estate Alpha Fund I & I-A is the third-generation investment vehicle sponsored by Penn Square Real Estate Group. The Funds closed on December 31, 2013 with a diverse group of institutional and high net worth investors. The Fund pursued best-in-class real estate opportunities with a focus on special situation investments.
The Fund invested in commercial real estate through institutional quality third party real estate operators and is diversified across managers, investment strategies, geographies and property types, with the primary focus on opportunistic and value add investments to generate superior risk-adjusted returns.

SARES Regis Western States Multifamily Fund
SARES Regis Western States Multifamily Fund is an investment vehicle co-sponsored by Penn Square Real Estate Group and successfully closed to new investors in March 1, 2013 with a select group of institutional investors. The Fund pursued investments in value add multifamily properties in the Western United States.

 
About This Site
Use of this site constitutes agreement with our Terms of Use. Unauthorized reproduction or distribution prohibited.  Privacy Policy. Penn Square Group is registered with Foreside Fund Services, LLC which is not affiliated with Penn Square Real Estate Group, LLC or its affiliates.


Colorado (Home Office)
P.O. Box 772947  /  442 Lincoln Ave. Ste. 2B
Steamboat Springs, CO 80477
(610) 943-2321


Florida Office
700 Central Avenue, #402
St. Petersburg, FL 33701
(727) 543-7245







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Launch Alert 2: RiverPark Commercial Real Estate Fund (RCRIX) | Mutual Fund Observer


























































Mutual Fund Observer
… a site in the tradition of Fund Alarm








October 2016 Issue


 October 1, 2016
By David Snowball | Dear friends, Welcome to autumn. ... 

 Emerging markets deserve reconsideration: the case for lollipops
By David Snowball | “I’m not saying it’s lollipops ... 

 What Price Integrity?
By Edward A. Studzinski | “Question in a Field” by ... 

 Morningstar’s ETF Conference – Chicago 2016
By Charles Boccadoro | The good folks at Morningstar ... 

 Turning Over the Data
By Leigh Walzer | This month the index fund ... 

 Fund Profile: City National Rochdale Emerging Markets Fund, (RIMIX, CNRYX)
By Dennis Baran | Objective and strategy The fund ... 

 Launch Alert 1: RiverNorth Marketplace Lending Corporation (RMPLX)
By David Snowball | RiverNorth Capital Management launched RiverNorth ... 

 Launch Alert 2: RiverPark Commercial Real Estate Fund (RCRIX)
By David Snowball | On Monday, October 3, RiverPark ... 

 Funds in Registration
By David Snowball | Ten new funds are in ... 

 Manager Changes
By Chip | DoubleLine picks up the pieces ... 

 Briefly Noted . . .
By David Snowball | Herewith are notes about the ... 




Launch Alert 2: RiverPark Commercial Real Estate Fund (RCRIX) 

By David Snowball  On Monday, October 3, RiverPark Funds launched RiverPark Commercial Real Estate Fund (RCRIX). Like several of RiverPark’s funds, RCRIX began life as a hedge fund. Unlike any of its predecessors, though, it is being structured as an interval fund.
What does that mean? Morty Schaja explains the investment case:

The Fund’s objective is to seek current income and capital appreciation consistent with the preservation of capital by investing predominantly in the approximately $600 billion commercial mortgage backed securities (“CMBS”) market that is secured by income-producing commercial real estate assets predominantly in the United States.

RiverPark believes that the Fund provides a unique opportunity to generate mid-single digit income yields (based upon current coupons and purchase discounts) with both limited credit and interest rate risk and with a proven and experienced manager.

With negligible interest rate sensitivity, limited credit risk and single-digit returns, the fund might be an alternative to those attracted to David Sherman’s closed RiverPark Short-Term High Yield Fund (RPHYX).
The fund will begin life with $50 million in assets from its private predecessor, of which $10 million is the manager’s own money. The fund will be managed by Edward L. Shugrue III, CEO of Tallmadge LLC.
The closed-end interval structure is interesting. It means that you can buy shares whenever you want, but you can only redeem shares quarterly. The manager will have the option of redeeming between 5% and 25% of the fund’s shares quarterly, at NAV and without any additional fees. As a practical matter, that allows the manager to sidestep the pressure of day-to-day liquidity and the risk of needing to liquidate illiquid positions in the face of some transitory investor panic. In theory, that allows stronger long-term returns and a more rational portfolio.

The decision to adopt an interval fund structure is an implicit recognition of the exceptional risks posed by this asset class. Commercial real estate has experienced an extended boom, valuations are high and the chair of the Boston Federal Reserve has warned that banks may be pursuing the market too vigorously. The rewards of the strategy may well substantially outweigh the risks, but that shouldn’t be taken for granted. Proceed with care and vigilance.
Investors purchasing directly from RiverPark face a $2,500 minimum initial investment. The fund’s opening expense ratio is 1%. Because of the predecessor fund’s long track record, the RiverPark folks have a pretty detailed factsheet in draft. It will likely be available at the RiverPark Funds site at the official launch.









 
Search MFO

Search for:



Issues: Magazine LayoutJuly 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
Issues: Long Scroll Page Issues: Long Scroll Page

Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 

MFO Premium Find an unparalleled array of risk metrics, fund screeners and correlation matrices at MFO Premium

MFO Update Notification

First Name :

Last Name :


Email Address :




 



 



 






	Riverpark Funds



















Riverpark Funds



Our Team
Funds
Resources
Contact Us



Home
Statutory Prospectus
Statement of Additional Information

RiverPark Large Growth Fund



Home
Statutory Prospectus
Statement of Additional Information

RiverPark Small Cap Growth Fund



Home
Statutory Prospectus
Statement of Additional Information

RiverPark/Wedgewood Fund



Home
Statutory Prospectus
Statement of Additional Information

RiverPark Short Term High Yield Fund



Home
Statutory Prospectus
Statement of Additional Information

RiverPark Strategic Income Fund



Home
Statutory Prospectus
Statement of Additional Information

RiverPark/Gravity Long-Biased Fund



Home
Statutory Prospectus
Statement of Additional Information

RiverPark Long/Short Opportunity Fund



Home
Statutory Prospectus
Statement of Additional Information

RiverPark/Gargoyle Hedged Value Fund



Home
Statutory Prospectus
Statement of Additional Information

RiverPark Structural Alpha Fund



Home
Statutory Prospectus
Statement of Additional Information

RiverPark Focused Value Fund














RiverPark Floating Rate CMBS Fund*

- (RCRIX-Instl.)





Overview
In-depth Philosophy & Process
Performance
Prospectus
Full Holdings
Commentary



Frequently Asked QuestionsMonthly Distributions (Institutional) Fund Fact Sheet
Overview
The Fund's objective is to seek current income and capital appreciation consistent with the preservation of capital by investing predominantly in the approximately $600 billion commercial mortgage backed securities ("CMBS") market that is secured by income-producing commercial real estate assets predominantly in the United States.
RiverPark believes that the Fund provides a unique opportunity to generate mid-single digit income yields (based upon current coupons and purchase discounts) with both limited credit and interest rate risk and with a proven and experienced manager.
RiverPark believes the Fund should be considered by investors looking to decrease their exposure to the risk of rising interest rates in their fixed income portfolios and investors seeking non-correlated alternative investments that generate current income.
As has been the case since the predecessor fund's inception, in the current environment, the Fund expects to invest primarily in:

- Single asset/single borrower CMBS that are secured by institutional quality commercial real estate assets that we believe generally have better liquidity, transparency and sponsorship;
 
- Performing (non-distressed) assets supported by robust in-place cash flow;
 
- Investments that are protected by subordinate layers of debt and equity, with an average portfolio loan-to-value ratio or "LTV" of less than 50% (and with no single asset greater than 65% LTV) ; and
 
- Floating-rate instruments that reset monthly with short to medium term maturities (generally averaging three years), thus substantially reducing the interest rate risk of the Fund.
 

Talmage's investment process is a fundamental based "bottom up" approach that emphasizes due diligence of the underlying real estate, comprehensive capital structure and yield analysis, and active asset management. Talmage, which manages approximately $1 billion in other real estate debt strategies, has access to extensive data points at every level of the commercial real estate sector. The Fund intends to buy and hold its investments (the predecessor private fund typically had turnover rates of less than 50%). The Fund will invest across the debt capital structure, with the majority of investments expected to be at or just below investment grade. Talmage believes that there are substantial inconsistencies in credit ratings providing opportunities for the Fund to use its extensive knowledge of the underlying real estate to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns.
The Fund will be structured as a closed-end "interval" fund. Interval funds, similar to open-end mutual funds, price their portfolios and publish their NAV daily. Investors wishing to purchase fund shares may do so daily at NAV. Unlike open-end mutual funds, shareholders may not redeem their shares on a daily basis. The Fund will make quarterly repurchase offers for between 5% and 25% of outstanding shares at NAV with no discount.
*Formerly known as the RiverPark Commercial Real Estate Fund.

 
 
Our Portfolio Manager

Edward L. Shugrue III

Edward L. Shugrue III
Mr. Shugrue, the CEO of Talmage, has over 25 years of commercial real estate investing, lending and restructuring experience as an owner, lender and advisor. He founded Talmage and its predecessor investment business in 2003. From 1997 until 2003, Mr. Shugrue co-built one of the country's first commercial real estate mezzanine investment platforms in his capacity as the Chief Financial Officer of Sam Zell's Capital Trust, Inc. (NYSE: CT). From 1991 to 1996, Mr. Shugrue was one of four people responsible for turning around, taking public and selling RiverBank America, a New York bank. From 1988 through 1990, Mr. Shugrue was employed in the real estate group of Bear Stearns & Co. Inc. where he worked on principal, agency and securitization assignments.









            The RiverPark mutual funds are distributed by SEI Investments Distribution Co., which is not affiliated with RiverPark Advisors, LLC, Wedgewood Partners, Inc., Cohanzick Management, LLC, Talmage, LLC, or their affiliates.

        
Check the background of SEI Investments Distribution Co. on FINRA's BrokerCheck

            Mutual fund investing involves risk including loss of principal. In addition to the normal risks associated with investing, international investments may
involve risk of capital loss from unfavorable fluctuation in currency values, from differences in generally accepted accounting principles or from social, economic or political instability in other nations. Investments in smaller companies typically exhibit higher volatility. The RiverPark Long/Short Opportunity Fund uses leverage. If the securities decrease in value, the Fund may suffer a greater loss than would have resulted without the use of leverage. With, short sales, losses are potentially unlimited and the expenses involved with the short strategy may impact the performance of the Fund. "The value of the Fund's positions in index options fluctuates in response to changes in the value of the underlying index. Selling index call options can reduce the risk of owning stocks, but it limits the opportunity to profit from an increase in the market value of stocks in exchange for up-front cash at the time of selling the call option. Unusual market conditions or the lack of a ready market for any particular option at a specific time may reduce the effectiveness of the fund's option strategies, and for these and other reasons the Fund's option strategies may not reduce the Fund's volatility to the extent desired. Accordingly, the purchase of Fund shares should be viewed as a long-term investment. There can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve its stated objectives. With the exception of RiverPark/Wedgewood, RiverPark Focused Value, and RiverPark Floating Rate CMBS Fund, each Fund is "diversified", as that term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940. Bonds and bond funds are subject to credit risk, default risk, and interest rate risk and will decline in value as interest rates rise. High yield bonds involve greater risks of default or downgrade and are more volatile than investment grade securities, due to the speculative nature of their investments. Securities backed by commercial real estate assets are subject to securities market risks similar to those of direct ownership of commercial real estate loans including, but not limited to, declines in the value of real estate, declines in rental or occupancy rates and risks related to general and local economic conditions. There can be no assurance that a Fund will achieve its stated objectives.
		

To determine if a Fund is an appropriate investment for you, carefully consider
                the Fund's investment objectives, risk factors, charges and expenses before investing.
                This and other information may be found in the Fund's prospectus, which may be obtained
                by clicking here or calling 1-888-564-4517.
                Please read the prospectus carefully before investing.










	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































 




NexPoint Real Estate Strategies Fund




























































HIghland Capital
Highland Funds
Affiliates

NexPoint Credit Strategies Fund
NexPoint Capital BDC
NexPoint Multifamily Capital Trust
NexPoint Residential Trust
Acis Capital Management


FINRA’s BROKERCHECK















NexPoint and Highland – The Value of Experience




The Value Of Experience


NexPoint Real Estate Strategies Fund is a newly-organized, continuously offered, non-diversified, closed-end management investment company. The Fund operates as an interval fund, which is a type of closed-end fund, and is sponsored by NexPoint Advisors, L.P., an affiliate of Highland Capital Management, L.P. Highland is an institutional investment firm with $13.4 billion in assets under management as of May 31, 2017, and one of the largest and most experienced global alternative credit and equity managers.
The Advisor’s management team has extensive real estate experience, having completed over $1.9B of real estate transactions since 2014.
At the end of first quarter 2015, an affiliate of the Advisor completed a public listing of its $1B value-add multifamily portfolio under the ticker symbol “NXRT” on the New York Stock Exchange.
RISK FACTORS
























