




American Tech Report - ITLL







































Close














Quotes by TradingView













Today












Filings and Disclosure


5 Reasons ITLL May Be the Most Profitable Stock Play of 2017

















In 2017, cell phones are as vital to us as the air we breathe. Between both old and young, from personal users to businesses and now even hospitals, mobile phones have become an essential part of the modern eco system. Without one, people have difficulty finding employment and leave themselves negatively exposed to emergencies. The vast majority of American adults - 95% - now own a cell phone. This has resulted in the massive growth of businesses supplying and supplementing this market. Of which ITLL is now becoming a key player. 


The OTCQB is an elite tier of the over the counter markets. These are companies that have audited financials available, are current in their reporting, have verified management and shareholders and additional disclosure requirements to meet. All in all, this signifies that ITLL is on the ball and doing business the right way. Morningstar rates OTC:ITLL at an excellent 3 stars, meaning it is of fair value. The rating is determined by three factors: a stock's current price, Morningstar's estimate of the stock's fair value, and the uncertainty rating of the fair value. The bigger the discount, the higher the star rating. Once again, an excellent omen for savvy investors!Breaking News: ITLL Successfully Closes Acquisition with Completion of Definitive Agreements


With such immense growth in the industry and corporate giants dominating the arena, we frequently see small companies either grow exponentially or get bought out before they become a threat. This is where OTC: ITLL comes into play. Their goal is to deliver market disruptive products and pricing to the millions of consumers who are looking for better deals in the mobile phone and application space. Since ITLL is a public company, we believe this is an excellent opportunity for savvy investors to capitalize on the booming industry. We’ve done some digging and have laid out 6 reasons why we believe ITLL may be the most profitable stock play of 2017. Breaking News: ITLL Successfully Closes Acquisition with Completion of Definitive Agreements.
















Massive telecom acquisitions are happening all the time. They're so common in fact, we barely notice the billions of dollars that are flying between these massive corporations, month after month. For example, in 2017 alone, we've already seen several major acquisitions. Telecom service provider GTT Communications announced in June that it plans to buy network connectivity provider Global Capacity for $100 million in cash and 1.85 million shares of GTT common stock. We also saw that in April, Windstream announced its plan to acquire cloud-based unified communications provider Broadview Networks in an all-cash transaction worth $228 million. And if that isn't enough, in March, Zayo Group Holdings, Inc. closed its $1.42 billion acquisition of Electric Lightwave, the company formerly known as Integra Telecom. All of this happened in just the last few months!All this makes you wonder why this is happening and whether ITLL has what it takes to dance with the big guys. Well, it is our belief that the telecom giants scoop up the smaller, competitive companies because they are a danger to their business model. Big companies like Verizon are making money hand over fist - why stop when you can just scoop up the competition and keep business going as usual?ITLL has made it clear that their goal is to be affordable and disruptive. A similar situation took place in Canada some years ago, when a company named Wind Mobile came into play. Over a few short years Wind grew a massive user base simply because their plans were significantly cheaper than the competition. Recently, Shaw bought them out for $1.6 billion. As a result of all this, our opinion of the ITLL business model is excellent.








1. We've seen this business model work before. 


If you’ve missed putting this on your stock tracker, take a moment and do it right now!

For more information about Intelligent Cloud Resources (OTC:ITLL), visit the company website at http://intelligentcloudresources.com/ or https://www.otcmarkets.com/stock/ITLL/quote. 

As always, we encourage you to do your due diligence thoroughly before making a buying decision. 

Good trading! 

Sincerely, 

The American Tech Report Team


This is a statement that often attracts negativity from skeptics and self-pronounced market professionals. And frankly, it's understandable; it seems too good to be true. We always encourage our readers to do their own due-diligence and this is one of those scenarios. Dig through message boards, scanners and blogs and you'll quickly realize that stocks are making major moves like this on a regular basis. This isn't some mythical unicorn - once again, stocks do this on a regular basis. Below, you can see some examples of movements like this, but believe us when we say there are many, many more. 






3. One trade can make profits of 2,000% or more. 













At the time of writing this article, ITLL is sitting at 80 cents. We believe that this is an extremely attractive price for a company of this caliber. As was observed above, acquisitions in this industry often come in at hundreds of millions or billions of dollars. In addition to this, 80 cents is an excellent place for traders and investors to turn quicker profits. It is much easier for a stock to double or triple at these prices, in a very short period of time. "It’s far better to buy a wonderful company at a fair price than a fair company at a wonderful price” - Warren Buffet







2. The stock is priced right. Better than right. 






















5.	QB Status and 3 stars from Morningstar. 


Keep Track of OTC: ITLL


Name:                     Intelligent Cloud Resources, Inc. Ticker:                     ITLLExchange:              OTC QBWebsite:                 http://intelligentcloudresources.com/
Phone:                    (647) 478-6385
Email:                      info@intelligentcloudresources.com 
CIK:                          0001634912Transfer Agent:     VStock Transfer LLC
For additional information please visit: https://www.otcmarkets.com/stock/ITLL/filings
https://www.otcmarkets.com/stock/ITLL/profile


Sign up for updates on news,charts and other information







We respect your privacy and never share your information with anyone. 


OWCP - 63,900%


When going up against telecom giants, a company has to hold a competitive edge to stand out. Through our due diligence, we have found this to be undoubtedly true for ITLL. The cornerstone to every customer seeking a cell provider is the smartphones that they have available. Smartphones are expensive for your average consumer, as many flagship phones sit around the $1000 mark. ITLL has seemed to solve this problem by partnering up with the smartphone manufacturer, Leagoo. These phones have everything that the typical consumer wants at a fraction of the cost. They are well built, stylish, powerful and power through daily functions like taking photographs and browsing the web on par with phones that are five times the price. All of this seems consistent with ITLL's commitment to lower prices and maintain their competitive edge. In addition to this, they are offering all subscribers a premium mastercard, no questions asked! We believe that many consumers will find this to be an irresistible offer, making the growth potential for ITLL very attractive. 


BLDV - 5,600%


4. The most competitive tech and phones on the market. 


OWCP - 9,900%










Stock Data







Current Market Cap:             $74,684,794Outstanding Shares:             93,355,992






Website:   intelligentcloudresources.comFloat:         69,477,660



Click To Subscribe










Disclaimer


This is a paid advertisement and all individuals should verify all claims and perform their own due diligence on ITLL (and / or any other mentioned companies and / or securities), and read this disclaimer in its entirety.

American Tech Report profiles are not a solicitation or recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. American Tech Report is a paid advertiser and is not offering securities for sale. Neither American Tech Report nor its owners, operators, affiliates or anyone disseminating information on its behalf is registered as an Investment Advisor under any federal or state law and none of the information provided by American Tech Report, its owners, operators, affiliates or anyone disseminating information on its behalf should be construed as investment advice or investment recommendations.
American Tech Report does not recommend that the securities profiled should be purchased, sold or held and is not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or subscribers.

Information presented by American Tech Report may contain “forward-looking statements ” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions, expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, goals, assumptions, or future events or performance, are not statements of historical fact and may be “forward-looking statements.” Forward-looking statements are based on expectations, estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated. Forward-looking statements may be identified through the use of words such as “expects, ” “will, ” “anticipates,” “estimates,” “believes,” “may,” or by statements indicating that certain actions “may,” “could,” or “might” occur.

THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BY AMERICAN TECH REPORT ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. AMERICAN TECH REPORT MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THIS SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS SITE. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, AMERICAN TECH REPORT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. AMERICAN TECH REPORT DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS SITE, IT’S SERVERS, OR E-MAIL SENT FROM AMERICAN TECH REPORT ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. AMERICAN TECH REPORT, ITS MEMBERS, MANAGERS, OWNERS, AGENTS, AND EMPLOYEES WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS. By using American Tech Report, you agree, without limitation or qualification, to be bound by, and to comply with, these Terms of Use and any other posted guidelines or rules applicable.

The website contains links to other related World Wide Web Internet sites and resources. American Tech Report is not responsible for the availability of these outside resources, or their contents, nor does American Tech Report endorse nor is American Tech Report responsible for any of the contents, advertising, products or other materials on such sites. Under no circumstances shall American Tech Report be held responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any loss or damages caused or alleged to have been caused by use of or reliance on any content, goods or services available on such sites. Any concerns regarding any external link should be directed to its respective site administrator or webmaster.

You agree to indemnify and hold American Tech Report, its officers, directors, owners, agents and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the website, the violation of these Terms of Use by you, or the infringement by you, or other user of the website using your computer, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification.

The Terms of Use are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Belize and the intellectual property laws of Belize. The Terms of Service for American Tech Report is entered into and shall be deemed wholly performed from July 24th 2017 to August 18th 2017 and shall in all respects be governed by and construed in accordance exclusively with the laws of Belize applicable to contracts made and to be entirely performed therein without regard to principles of conflicts of law. The parties specifically agree that the courts of the Caribbean Court of Justice, shall have personal and subject matter jurisdiction and exclusive venue with respect to any and all disputes in connection herewith.
American Tech Report is owned and operated by Public Ventures Of America Corp, which is a Belize based corporation. We are paid advertisers, also known as stock touts or stock promoters, who disseminate favorable information (the “Information”) about publicly traded companies (the “Profiled Issuers”).
We publish the Information on our website, americantechreport.com and in newsletters, text message alerts, audio services, live interviews, featured “research” reports, on message boards and in email communications for specific time periods that are agreed upon between us and the Profiled Issuer and / or third party paying us. Our publication of the Information is known as a “Campaign”. This information may be sent to potential investors at different times that are minutes, hours, days or even weeks apart. Typically, the trading volume and price of a Profiled Issuer’s securities increases after the information is provided to the first group of investors. Therefore, the later an investor receives the Information, the more likely it is that he will suffer trading losses if they purchase the securities of a Profiled Issuer late in a Campaign. We are paid to advertise the Profiled Issuers, Intelligent Cloud Resources, Inc. American Tech Report has been hired by a third party, Golden Island Investments Ltd., for a period beginning on July 24th 2017 and is scheduled to end on August 18th 2017 to publicly disseminate information about (ITLL) via website and email. We expect to be paid three hundred thousand dollars via a series of bank wire transfers over this period. We will update any changes to our compensation. We own zero shares of (ITLL).

Third Parties paying us to market the Profiled Issuer we believe intend to sell their shares they hold while we tell investors to purchase during the Campaign. Intelligent Cloud Resources Inc. is a penny stock that was illiquid (little to no trading volume) prior to our Campaign, and therefore these securities are subject to wide fluctuations in trading price and volume. During the Campaign the trading volume and price of the securities of each Profile Issuer will likely increase significantly because of the media exposure. When the Campaign ends, the volume and price of the Profiled Issuer will likely decrease dramatically. As a result, investors who purchase during the Campaign and hold shares of the Profiled Issuer when the Campaign ends will probably lose most, if not all, of their investment.

The Information we publish in the Campaign is only a snapshot that provides only positive information about the Profiled Issuers. The Information consists of only positive content. We do not and will not publish any negative information about the Profiled Issuers; accordingly, investors should consider the Information to be one-sided and not balanced, complete, accurate, truthful and / or reliable. We do not verify or confirm any portion of the Information. We do not conduct any due diligence, nor do we research any aspect of the Information including the completeness, accuracy, truthfulness and / or reliability of the Information. We do not review the Profiled Issuers’ financial condition, operations, business model, management or risks involved in the Profiled Issuer’s business or an investment in a Profiled Issuer’s securities.

All information in our Campaign is publicly available information from 3rd party sources and / or the Profiled Issuers and/or the 3rd parties that hire us. We may also obtain the Information from publicly available sources such as the OTC Markets, Google, NASDAQ, NYSE, Yahoo, Bing, the Securities and Exchange Commission’s Edgar database or other available public sources.

We select the stocks we profile and / or pick as we are compensated to advertise them. If an investor relies solely on the Information in making an investment decision it is highly probable that the investor will lose most, if not all, of his or her investment. Investors should not rely on the Information to make an investment decision.

The source of our compensation varies depending upon the particular circumstances of the Campaign. In certain cases, we are compensated by the Profiled Issuers, third party shareholders, and / or other parties related to the Profiled Issuers such as officers and/or directors who will derive a financial or other benefit from an increase in the trading price and/or volume of a Profiled Issuer’s securities.
We make no warranty and / or representation about the Information, including its completeness, accuracy, truthfulness or reliability and we disclaim, expressly and implicitly, all warranties of any kind, including whether the Information is complete, accurate, truthful, or reliable and as such, your use of the Information is at your own risk. The Information is provided as is without limitation.

We are not, and do not act in the capacity of any of the following; as such, you should not construe our activities as involving any of the following: an independent adviser or consultant; a fortune teller; an investment adviser or an entity engaging in activities that would be deemed to be providing investment advice that requires registration either at the federal and / or state level; a broker-dealer or an individual acting in the capacity of a registered representative or broker; a stock picker; a securities trading expert; a securities researcher or analyst; a financial planner or one who engages in financial planning; a provider of stock recommendations; a provider of advice about buy, sell or hold recommendations as to specific securities; or an agent offering or securities for sale or soliciting their purchase.


There are numerous risks associated with each Profiled Issuer and investors should undertake a full review of each Profiled Issuer with the assistance of their financial, legal, and tax advisers prior to purchasing the securities of any Profiled Issuer.
We are not objective or independent and have multiple conflicts of interest. The Profiled Issuers and parties hiring us have conflicts of interest. Third parties that have hired us and own shares will sell these shares while we tell investors to purchase, and this selling of the Profiled Issuer’s securities will likely cause investors to suffer losses.

Our publication of the Information involves actual and material conflicts of interest including but not limited to the fact that we receive monetary compensation in exchange for publishing the (favorable) Information about the Profiled Issuers; and we do not publish any negative information, whatsoever, about the Profiled Issuers; in addition to the fact that while we do not own the Profiled Issuer’s securities, the third parties that hired us do, and intend to sell all of these securities during the Campaign while we publish favorable information that instructs investors to purchase, and this selling of the Profiled Issuer’s securities will likely cause investors to suffer losses.

We are not responsible or liable for any person’s use of the Information or any success or failure that is directly or indirectly related to such person’s use of the Information because we have specifically stated that the information is not reliable and should not be relied upon for any purpose. We are not responsible for omissions and / or errors in the Information and we are not responsible for actions taken by any person who relies upon the Information.
We urge Investors to conduct their own in-depth investigation of the Profiled Issuers with the assistance of their legal, tax and / or investment adviser(s). An investor’s review of the Information should include but not be limited to the Profiled Issuer’s financial condition, operations, management, products and / or services, trends in the industry and risks that may be material to the profiled Issuer’s business and other information he and his advisers deem material to an investment decision. An investor’s review should include, but not be limited to a review of available public sources and information received directly from the Profiled Issuers or from websites such as Google, Yahoo, Bing, OTC Markets, NASDAQ, NYSE, www.sec.gov or other available public sources.

We are providing you with this disclaimer because we are publishing advertisements about penny stocks. Because we are paid to disseminate the Information to the public about securities, we are required by the securities laws including Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and Section 17(b) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), to specifically disclose my compensation as well as other important information, This information includes that we may hold, as well as purchase and sell, the securities of a Profiled Issuer before, during and after we publish favorable Information about the Profiled Issuer. We may urge investors to purchase the securities of a Profiled Issuer while we sell my own shares. The anti-fraud provisions of federal and state securities laws require us to inform you that we may engage in buying and selling of Profiled Issuer’s securities before, during and after the Campaigns.

Any investment in the Profiled Issuers involves a high degree of risk and uncertainty. The securities may be subject to extreme volume and price volatility, especially during the Campaigns. Favorable past performance of a Profiled Issuer does not guarantee future results. If you purchase the securities of the Profiled Issuers, you should be prepared to lose your entire investment. Some of the risks involved in purchasing securities of the Profiled Issuers include, but are not limited to the risks stated below.

We do not endorse, independently verify or assert the truthfulness, completeness, accuracy or reliability of the Information. We conduct no due diligence or investigation whatsoever of the Information or the Profiled Issuers and we do not receive any verification from the Profiled Issuer regarding the Information we disseminate.

If we publish any percentage gain of a Profiled Issuer from the previous day close in the Information, it is not and should not be construed as an indication that the future stock price or future operational results will reflect gains or otherwise prove to be advantageous to your investment.
The Information may contain statements asserting that a Profiled Issuer’s stock price has increased over a certain period of time which may reflect an arbitrary period of time, and is not predictive or of any analytical quality; as such, you should not rely upon the (favorable) Information in your analysis of the present or future potential of a Profiled Issuer or its securities.
The Information should not be interpreted in any way, shape, form or manner whatsoever as an indication of the Profiled Issuer’s future stock price or future financial performance.

You may encounter difficulties determining what, if any, portions of the Information are material or non-material, making it all the more imperative that you conduct your own independent investigation of the Profiled Issuer and its securities with the assistance of your legal, tax and financial advisor.
When 3rd parties that hire us acquire, purchase and / or sell the securities of the Profiled Issuers, it may (a) cause significant volatility in the Profiled Issuer’s securities; (b) cause temporary but unrealistic increases in volume and price of the Profiled Issuer’s securities; (c) if selling, cause the Profiled Issuer’s stock price to decline dramatically; and (d) permit themselves to make substantial profits while investors who purchase during the Campaign experience significant losses.

The securities of the Profiled Issuers are high risk, unstable, unpredictable and illiquid which may make it difficult for investors to sell their securities of the Profiled Issuers.

We may hire third party service providers and stock promoters to electronically disseminate live news regarding the Profiled Issuers, yet we have no control over the content of and do not verify the information that the Profiled Issuers and/or third party service providers publish. These third party service providers are likely compensated for providing positive information about the Issuer and may fail to disclose their compensation to you.
If a Profiled Issuer is a SEC reporting company, it could be delinquent (not current) in its periodic reporting obligations (i.e., in its quarterly and annual reports), or if it is an OTC Markets Pink Sheet quoted company, it may be delinquent in its Pink Sheet reporting obligations, which may result in OTC Markets posting a negative legend pertaining to the Profiled Issuer at www.otcmarkets.com, as follows: (i) “Limited Information” for companies with financial reporting problems, economic distress, or that are unwilling to file required reports with the Pink Sheets; (ii) “No Information,” which characterizes companies that are unable or unwilling to provide any disclosure to the public markets, to the SEC or the Pink Sheets; and (iii) “Caveat Emptor,” signifying buyers should be aware that there is a public interest concern associated with a company’s illegal spam campaign, questionable stock promotion, known investigation of a company’s fraudulent activity or its insiders, regulatory suspensions or disruptive corporate actions.

If the Information states that a Profiled Issuer’s securities are consistent with the future economic trends or even if your independent research indicates that, you should be aware that economic trends have their own limitations, including: (a) that economic trends or predictions may be speculative; (b) consumers, producers, investors, borrowers, lenders and/or government may react in unforeseen ways and be affected by behavioral biases that we are unable to predict; (c) human and social factors may outweigh future economic trends that we state may or will occur; (d) clear cut economic predictions have their limitations in that they do not account for the fundamental uncertainty in economic life, as well as ordinary life; (e) economic trends may be disrupted by sudden jumps, disruptions or other factors that are not accounted for in economic trends analysis; in other words, past or present data predicting future economic trends may become irrelevant in light of new circumstances and situations in which uncertainty becomes reality rather than predicted economic outcome; or (f) if the trend predicted involves a single result, it ignores other scenarios that may be crucial to make a decision in the event of unknown contingencies.
The Information is presented only as a brief snapshot of the Profiled Issuer and should only be used, at most, and if at all, as a starting point for you to conduct a thorough investigation of the Profiled Issuer and its securities. You should consult your financial, legal or other adviser(s) and avail yourself of the filings and information that may be accessed at www.sec.gov, www.otcmarkets.com or other electronic media, including: (a) reviewing SEC periodic reports (Forms 10-Q and 10-K), reports of material events (Form 8-K), insider reports (Forms 3, 4, 5 and Schedule 13D); (b) reviewing Information and Disclosure Statements and unaudited financial reports filed with the OTCMarkets.com; (c) obtaining and reviewing publicly available information contained in commonly known search engines such as Google; and (d) consulting investment guides at www.sec.gov and www.finra.org. You should always be cognizant that the Profiled Issuers may not be current in their reporting obligations with the SEC and the OTC Markets and/or have negative legends and designations at otcmarkets.com.

American Tech Report, reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add and/ or remove all or part of this Disclaimer and / or Terms of Use at any time.



























RiverFront Investment Group, LLC Buys iShares Core MSCI EAFE, iShares Core MSCI Emerging ... - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































RiverFront Investment Group, LLC Buys iShares Core MSCI EAFE, iShares Core MSCI Emerging ...


July 21, 2017, 01:38:05 PM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


RiverFront Investment Group, LLCAdded Positions: IEFA , IEMG , EFV , EFG, AAXJ, FXU, XLF, EWC, EFA, IYK,Reduced Positions:HEDJ, IJR, IVV, VOX,Sold Out:EZY,For the details of RiverFront Investment Group, LLC's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=RiverFront+Investment+Group%2C+LLCThese are the top 5 holdings of RiverFront Investment Group, LLCiShares Core MSCI EAFE ( IEFA ) - 6,056,361 shares, 13.02% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 98.14%Vanguard Short-Term Corporate Bond ETF ( VCSH ) - 3,612,489 shares, 10.21% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 0.44%SPDR MS Technology ( MTK ) - 2,931,287 shares, 7.54% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 0.78%Vanguard Intermediate-Term Corporate Bond ETF ( VCIT ) - 2,431,557 shares, 7.51% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 0.24%iShares MSCI EAFE Value ( EFV ) - 3,963,066 shares, 7.23% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 7.33%Added: iShares Core MSCI EAFE ( IEFA )RiverFront Investment Group, LLC added to the holdings in iShares Core MSCI EAFE by 98.14%. The purchase prices were between $57.34 and $62.76, with an estimated average price of $60.33. The stock is now traded at around $62.05. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 6.45%. The holdings were 6,056,361 shares as of 2017-06-30.Added: iShares Core MSCI Emerging Markets (IEMG)RiverFront Investment Group, LLC added to the holdings in iShares Core MSCI Emerging Markets by 89.77%. The purchase prices were between $47.23 and $50.78, with an estimated average price of $49.33. The stock is now traded at around $52.52. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 2.82%. The holdings were 3,374,594 shares as of 2017-06-30.Sold Out: WisdomTree U.S. LargeCap Value Fund (EZY)RiverFront Investment Group, LLC sold out the holdings in WisdomTree U.S. LargeCap Value Fund. The sale prices were between $69.14 and $73.27, with an estimated average price of $71.44.IEFA 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of IEFAPeter Lynch Chart of IEFAPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        IEFA
                                    
, 

                                        VCSH
                                    
, 

                                        MTK
                                    
, 

                                        VCIT
                                    
, 

                                        EFV
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




This Powerful Chart Made Peter Lynch 29% A Year For 13 Years
Are CEOs Buying?
Market Overvalued, How to Invest?














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







Helmerich & Payne Couldn't Get Over the Profit Hurdle Last Quarter


						7/28/2017 09:46 AM
					



Nestle Cuts Its Outlook as Sales Stall


						7/28/2017 09:42 AM
					



Starbucks' Teavana Fails to Thrive in Struggling Malls


						7/28/2017 09:39 AM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results
Spectranetics Announces FDA Approval of Stellarex™ Drug-Coated Balloon




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





IEFA








0%



Rate It





VCSH








0%



Rate It





MTK








0%



Rate It





VCIT








0%



Rate It





EFV








0%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX








































 



RiverFront Investment Group















RiverFront Investment Group










Advisor Login
If this is your FIRST time logging into Advisor site, please click here to Register.

Your Email
Password


Forgot Your Password?


 



























 



RiverFront Investment Group















RiverFront Investment Group















AboutRiverFront









Running parallel to RiverFront Investment Group’s headquarters is the historic James River.
Omnipresent and powerful; the river is always moving and ceaselessly changing – just like today’s global financial markets. Maneuvering through these changing conditions requires agility, flexibility and smarts. Staying on course demands both a strategic and tactical approach and at every decision point, risks and rewards must be vigilantly managed. This is the RiverFront way. We are not afraid of change. In fact, we embrace it.
 
Navigation
Guiding us through market volatility is our unique approach to global asset management. We call it the Art and Science of Dynamic Investing. In simple terms, our ‘art’ resides in the skilled interpretation of data and financial analysis and our ‘science’ incorporates the usage of proprietary asset management tools and mathematical models. When art and science converge, we believe investment return objectives become properly balanced with client risk tolerance.
Transparency
Like river waters, transparency is elemental to our business. We distinguish ourselves from others by openly sharing the details and rationale of all portfolio trades and adjustments with our financial advisor partners. It is this uncommon level of visibility that allows us to forge strong and lasting relationships with our advisors and they, in turn, with their clients.
Access
A well-known writer once said, “Ideas, like large rivers, never just have one source.” We couldn’t agree more. Our collaborative approach is all about working as a team to uncover the best opportunities. And through open access to our thinking, information and people, financial advisors can leverage as much of our reasoning and action as they want. We consider ourselves strategic suppliers of insight, delivering exceptional global portfolio solutions, service and intellectual capital to our advisors.
 
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE (left to right): Karrie Southall, Michael Jones, Doug Sandler, Pete Quinn and Rod Smyth
 
Partner. Problem Solver. Protector.
As partners, our common sphere of interest is your success. We want to help advisors solve problems and grow their businesses. We were an early adopter and now an industry leader of Exchange-Traded Funds. We freely provide valuable insights, advice and solutions with our partners. These valuable insights, when combined with our proactive risk management processes, may help to make our partner advisors better fiduciaries for their clients.
We’d like to work with you because, like a river, it might lead to something big.

RiverFront Investment Group, LLC, is an independent SEC-registered investment advisor headquartered in Richmond, Va., managing more than $5.3 billion as of December 31, 2015 in a series of global tactical asset allocation separate accounts and mutual fund portfolios. Majority owned by its employees, the firm provides asset management, investment advice, and leading-edge market insights. The firm was named as one of the 2014 and 2015 Best Places to Work in Virginia by Virginia Business and Best Companies Group.
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) are sold by prospectus. Please consider the investment objectives, risk, charges and expenses carefully before investing. The prospectus or summary prospectus, which contains this and other information, can be obtained by calling your financial advisor. Read it carefully before you invest.
RiverFront has partnered with ALPS, a DST Company, in offering three share classes (A, C & I) for five of our strategies. For fact sheets, marketing materials, prospectuses, performance, expense information and other details about the mutual funds, you will be directed to the www.alpsfunds.com website.
An investor should consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. The prospectus contains this and other important information. For more information about the RiverFront Funds or to obtain a prospectus, call 1.866.759.5679 or visit www.alpsfunds.com. Read the prospectus carefully before investing.
The Funds are distributed by ALPS Portfolio Solutions Distributor, Inc., 1290 Broadway, Suite 1100, Denver, CO 80203. ALPS Portfolio Solutions Distributor, Inc. is the investment adviser to the Funds and RiverFront Investment Group, LLC is the investment sub-adviser. ALPS is not affiliated with RiverFront Investment Group, LLC.



 

























 



RiverFront Investment Group















RiverFront Investment Group











Investment Solutions
At RiverFront, we offer Fixed Income, Balanced and Equity Solutions for a range of investment objectives and risk tolerances. In the chart below, we show strategies we have defined to align with client investment needs from all fixed income to all equities, ranging from the most conservative at the top to the most aggressive at the bottom. The Balanced strategies and Global Growth, combine RiverFront’s strategic asset allocation process, which uses our Price Matters® mean reversion methodology, with shorter term tactical tilts within the portfolios as market conditions warrant.  International Opportunities and Dynamic Fixed Income use our global macroeconomic analysis and quantitative modeling to create portfolios that are flexible and broad in both mandate and implementation.
Additionally, RiverFront has partnered with First Trust and ALPS to sub-advise international equity, domestic equity and fixed income ETFs that may be purchased individually or as part of the RiverShares models. For information about these:









COMPOSITE BENCHMARKS -  It is not possible to invest directly in an index
Barclays US Aggregate Bond Index (Barclays Agg) is an unmanaged index that covers the investment grade fixed rate bond market with index components for government and corporate securities, mortgage pass-through securities, and asset-backed securities.  The issues must be rated investment grade, be publicly traded, and meet certain maturity and issue size requirements.
Standard & Poor's 500 Index (S&P 500) measures the performance of 500 large cap stocks, which together represent about 75% of the total US equities market.
The MSCI All Country World (ACWI) is a free float-adjusted market capitalization weighted index that is designed to measure the equity market performance of developed and emerging markets. It consists of 46 country indices comprising 23 developed and 23 emerging market country indices.
The  MSCI All Country World ex USA Index (ACWX) captures large and mid cap representation across 22 of 23 Developed Markets countries (excluding the US) and 23 Emerging Markets countries.  The index covers approximately 85% of the global equity opportunity set outside the US.
Advantage: These portfolios may be invested in stocks, bonds and exchange-traded products (exchange-traded funds (ETFs) and exchange-traded notes (ETNs)). Advantage is offered through separately managed accounts or on model delivery platforms, depending on the Sponsor Firm.
ETF Advantage: These portfolios differ from our Advantage portfolios in they only invest in exchange-traded products (ETFs and ETNs). ETF Advantage is offered through separately managed accounts or on model delivery platforms, depending on the Sponsor Firm.
IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES
RiverFront’s Price Matters® discipline compares inflation-adjusted current prices relative to their long-term trend to help identify extremes in valuation.
Stocks represent partial ownership of a corporation. If the corporation does well, its value increases, and investors share in the appreciation. However, if it goes bankrupt, or performs poorly, investors can lose their entire initial investment (i.e., the stock price can go to zero).  Bonds represent a loan made by an investor to a corporation or government.  As such, the investor gets a guaranteed interest rate for a specific period of time and expects to get their original investment back at the end of that time period, along with the interest earned. Investment risk is repayment of the principal (amount invested). In the event of a bankruptcy or other corporate disruption, bonds are senior to stocks.  Investors should be aware of these differences prior to investing.
ETFs are subject to substantially the same risks as those associated with the direct ownership of the securities comprising the index on which the ETF is based.  Additionally, the value of the investment will fluctuate in response to the performance of the underlying index. ETFs typically incur fees that are separate from those fees charged by RiverFront. Therefore, investments in ETFs will result in the layering of expenses.
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) are sold by prospectus. Please consider the investment objectives, risk, charges and expenses carefully before investing. The prospectus and summary prospectus, which contains this and other information, can be obtained by calling your financial advisor. Read it carefully before you invest. As a portfolio manager and a fiduciary for our clients, RiverFront will consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of a fund carefully before investing our clients’ assets.
RiverFront has partnered with ALPS, a DST Company, in offering three share classes (A, C & I) for all five of our strategies. For fact sheets, marketing materials, prospectuses, performance, expense information and other details about the mutual funds, you will be directed to the www.alpsfunds.com website.
An investor should consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing.  The prospectus contains this and other important information.  For more information about the RiverFront Funds or to obtain a prospectus, call 1.866.759.5679 or visit www.alpsfunds.com. Read the prospectus carefully before investing.
The Funds are distributed by ALPS Portfolio Solutions Distributor, Inc., 1290 Broadway, Suite 1100, Denver, CO 80203.  ALPS Portfolio Solutions Distributor, Inc. is the investment adviser to the Funds and RiverFront Investment Group, LLC is the investment sub-adviser.  ALPS is not affiliated with RiverFront Investment Group, LLC.
RiverFront Investment Group, LLC, is an investment advisor registered with the Securities Exchange Commission under the Investment Advisors Act of 1940. The company manages a variety of portfolios utilizing stocks, bonds, and exchange-traded funds (ETFs).  Opinions expressed are current as of the date shown and are subject to change.  They are not intended as investment recommendations.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results
PRINCIPAL RISKS
International and emerging markets investing includes exposure to risks such as currency fluctuations, foreign taxes and regulations, and the potential for illiquid markets and political instability.
Fixed income securities' value generally declines in a rising interest rate environment.
Copyright ©2016 RiverFront Investment Group. All rights reserved.



 

























 



RiverFront Investment Group















RiverFront Investment Group










Commentaries Sign-Up

Sign-up to receive one email each week sharing our investment insights and outlooks. You can choose to watch the video or read the full commentary linked to the email.

Subscribe






Commentaries
Click on the links to view a PDF.




The Weekly View





7/24/17
The Weekly View: Disinflationary Growth Benefits Commodity Importers
View Video »










Read More







The Strategic View





7/18/17
Mid-Year Outlook: Stronger Growth + Low Inflation = A Global Disinflationary Boom MSWM
View Video »










Read More








 


























 



RiverFront Investment Group















RiverFront Investment Group










Contact RiverFront














RiverFront Investment Group
1214 East Cary Street
Richmond, VA 23219



Email info@riverfrontig.com
Telephone 804) 549-4800
Toll Free 866) 583-0744

If you are a financial advisor and would like to learn more about RiverFront, please click here.

* Required Fields


I would like information about how I might discuss investing in RiverFront with my financial advisor.






Select a State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming









 I would like to receive The Strategic View by email.
 I would like to receive The Weekly View by email.






 

























 



RiverFront Investment Group















RiverFront Investment Group















RiverFront Investment Group is a global asset manager utilizing a dynamic investment approach with uncommon transparency. Whether you are looking for the world in one account or need a specific asset class strategy, RiverFront provides flexible, risk-managed solutions.






OUR INVESTMENT SOLUTIONS








RiverFront Portfolios
Fixed Income, Balanced & Equity Solutions

Portfolios with 2 - 10 Year Investment HorizonsCLICK TO VIEW









RiverShares
Solutions

Model Portfolios Comprised Solely of RiverFront Sub-Advised ETFsCLICK TO VIEW












RiverFront's Charitable Giving
Investing in Our Community

RiverFront encourages its employees to volunteer by allotting 4 hours per month of Paid Volunteer Time.
RiverFront offers every employee matching gifts to their charity of choice.
The firm invested in 21 different charities in 2016 alone.
RiverFront's 2017 Charitable Giving Partner, Shalom Farms, helps grow and sustain healthy and affordable food for the Richmond Community.
Most recently our team harvested over 200 pounds of Kale by hand!









 
RiverFront Rings Opening Bell at Nasdaq
An exciting morning for several of the RiverFront team and our partners at First Trust!








July 21, 2016
RiverShares Model Portfolios Launched
RiverShares are model portfolios that are comprised solely of RiverFront sub-advised exchange-traded funds and managed using our Price Matters® strategic allocation, tactical overlay and risk management processes.










Weekly Commentaries
Sign Up to Receive Weekly Commentaries
Investors can register to receive our weekly commentaries.
Financial professionals may register their clients after obtaining permission from their clients.
CLICK BELOW to subscribe.

 








The Why
The Why of RiverFront Investment Group
We believe it is imperative that before we outline How and For Whom we run our firm and investments, that we share with you the Why.












FEATURED COMMENTARY


The Weekly View

The Weekly View: Disinflationary Growth Benefits Commodity Importers


View All Commentaries 



FEATURED VIDEO



Q2 2017 Chart Pack watch 

View Video Library 



IN THE NEWS


Featured In The News




7/27/17

Chris Konstantinos on Bloomberg Asia: "Easy Financial Conditions a Tremendous Boost for Assets" Play  






7/26/17

Kevin Nicholson on CNBC: "Outlook for the Fed and what it means for investors"  Play  






7/13/17

Chris Konstantinos on Bloomberg Radio - "Emerging Markets Are a Benign Environment" Play  



View Archive 





 





























Riverfront Investment Group, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:05 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Riverfront Investment Group, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Riverfront Investment Group, LLC is an employee owned investment manager. It provides its services to individuals, trusts, estates, pension and profit sharing plans, charitable organizations, corporations, and investment companies. The firm manages separate client-focused equity, fixed income, and balanced portfolios. The firm manages also mutual funds. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. The firm also invests in exchange traded finds and exchange traded notes. The firm primarily invests in stocks of small-cap, mid-cap, and large-cap companies. Riverfront Investment Group, LLC was founded in December 2007 and is based in Richmond, Virginia.


1214 East Cary StreetRichmond, VA 23219United StatesFounded in 2007



Phone: 804-549-4800

Fax: 804-549-4819

www.riverfrontig.com







Key Executives for Riverfront Investment Group, LLC




Mr. Peter John Quinn


      	President, Chief Financial Officer and Member of the Board of Directors
      








Ms. Karrie Burnham Southall CIPM


      	Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Operating Officer
      


Age: 41
        







Mr. Roderick Arthur Smyth


      	Chief Investment Strategist and Member of Board of Directors
      








Mr. Douglas Alan Sandler CFA


      	Chief US Equity Officer, Portfolio Manager and Director
      








Mr. Tim Anderson CFA


      	Chief Fixed-Income Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Riverfront Investment Group, LLC Key Developments

Riverfront Investment Group, LLC Presents at Capital Link 's 4th Annual Dissect ETFs Forum, Jun-22-2017 08:25 AM
Jun 2 17
Riverfront Investment Group, LLC Presents at Capital Link 's 4th Annual Dissect ETFs Forum, Jun-22-2017 08:25 AM. Venue: The Metropolitan Club, One East 60th Street, New York, NY 10022-1054, United States. Speakers: Douglas Alan Sandler, Chief US Equity Officer, Portfolio Manager and Member of Board of Directors.


Riverfront Investment Group, LLC Announces Several Organization Changes and Staff Promotions Within its Business Development Group
Oct 19 16
Riverfront Investment Group, LLC announced several organization changes and staff promotions within its Business Development Group. The following professionals will continue to report to Pete Quinn, RiverFront's President: Karrie Southall has been promoted to Chief Operating Officer as a reflection of her continued leadership and ability to manage multiple projects and priorities. She will continue to serve on the firm's Executive Committee. Stuart Porterfield has been promoted to Chief Sales and Marketing Officer. Since joining Riverfront over 6 years ago, Stuart has systematically built a highly functioning team and will lead Regional Directors as continue to expand product offering and distribution reach. The following members of Karrie Southall's team are also being promoted: Ellie Perkins Johnson has been promoted to Senior Compliance Officer. Since joining RiverFront, she has done an exceptional job of managing a fast-paced, high volume environment while also developing solid working relationships with both marketing and investment professionals. Will Wall has been promoted to Manager of Trading and Operations. He has become a recognized figure in the ETF Strategist space and will continue to represent RiverFront at numerous trading roundtables and industry events. Bart Farinholt will assume the title of Director of Sales and add the responsibility of running the Internal Sales team. In addition, he will continue his efforts to expand RiverFront's presence in the Independent Broker Dealer and Registered Investment Advisory channels. Beth Pettler Johnson has been promoted to Director of Marketing. Beth will focus on continuing to build the RiverFront brand and will be responsible for all marketing and communication.


SEC Charges $300,000 Penalty on RiverFront Investment Group with Failing to Clearly Disclose Additional Costs to Investors
Jul 15 16
An SEC investigation found that RiverFront Investment Group disclosed to investors in Forms ADV that client trades were typically executed through the sponsoring broker so the wrap fee would cover the transaction costs. But RiverFront actually used brokers besides the wrap program sponsor to execute the majority of its wrap program trading, resulting in additional costs to clients for those transactions. While RiverFront did disclose that some 'trading away' from the sponsoring broker could occur, the firm inaccurately described the frequency, rendering its disclosures materially misleading. RiverFront agreed to settle the SEC's charges. The SEC's National Exam Program has included wrap fee programs among its annual examination priorities, particularly assessing whether advisers are fulfilling fiduciary and contractual obligations to clients and properly managing such aspects as disclosures, conflicts of interest, best execution, and trading away from the sponsor. The SEC's order against RiverFront finds that the firm violated Sections 207 and 204 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and Rule 204-1(a). Without admitting or denying the findings, RiverFront agreed to be censured and pay a $300,000 penalty, and the firm must post on its website on a quarterly basis the volume of trades by market value executed away from sponsors and the associated transaction costs passed onto clients.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Riverfront Investment Group, LLC, please visit www.riverfrontig.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























	RIVERFRONT INVESTMENT GROUP Trademark of Riverfront Investment Group, LLC. Serial Number: 77355494 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
RIVERFRONT INVESTMENT GROUP










 
Get FREE email alerts













RIVERFRONT INVESTMENT GROUP  Trademark Information
 Riverfront Investment Group, LLC
Financial and investment services, namely, management and brokerage in the fields of stocks, bonds, options, commodities, futures and other securities, and the investment of funds of others




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
financial   investment   services         management   brokerage   fields   stocks      bonds      options      commodities      futures   securities      investment   funds    
                                    




This is a brand page for the RIVERFRONT INVESTMENT GROUP trademark by Riverfront Investment Group, LLC 
                                in Richmond, VA, 23219.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this RIVERFRONT INVESTMENT GROUP trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Riverfront Investment Group, LLC of the RIVERFRONT INVESTMENT GROUP trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the RIVERFRONT INVESTMENT GROUP trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, December 19, 2007,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        RIVERFRONT INVESTMENT GROUP by 
                        Riverfront Investment Group, LLC, Richmond, VA  23219.
                        The USPTO has given the RIVERFRONT INVESTMENT GROUP 
                        trademark serial  number of  77355494.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED.
                        The correspondent listed for RIVERFRONT INVESTMENT GROUP is 
                        
                        
                                            Julia M. Bishop of 
                                            TROUTMAN SANDERS LLP,  BANK OF AMERICA PLAZA, 600 PEACHTREE ST NE STE 5200 ATLANTA GA 30308-2216
                                .
                            The RIVERFRONT INVESTMENT GROUP trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for RIVERFRONT INVESTMENT GROUP 
                            is Financial and investment services, namely, management and brokerage in the fields of stocks, bonds, options, commodities, futures and other securities, and the investment of funds of others. 
                            





Word mark:
 RIVERFRONT INVESTMENT GROUP


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED

9/30/2015



  Serial Number:  
77355494


  Filing Date:  
12/19/2007


 Registration Number:  
3677263 


 Registration Date:  
9/1/2009


 Goods and Services: 
Financial and investment services, namely, management and brokerage in the fields of stocks, bonds, options, commodities, futures and other securities, and the investment of funds of others


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
3/10/2009


Last Applicant/Owner:

Riverfront Investment Group, LLCRichmond, VA  23219
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("INVESTMENT GROUP")


 Correspondent:


Julia M. Bishop
TROUTMAN SANDERS LLP
BANK OF AMERICA PLAZA
600 PEACHTREE ST NE STE 5200
ATLANTA GA 30308-2216





 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
4/1/2008


First Use In Commerce: 
4/2/2008





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your RIVERFRONT INVESTMENT GROUP trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

9/30/2015
CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Julia M. Bishop


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of RIVERFRONT INVESTMENT GROUP trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search riverfrontinvestment on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for RIVERFRONT INVESTMENT GROUP 




RIVERFRONT INVESTMENT GROUP is providing Financial and investment services, namely, management and brokerage in the fields of stocks, bonds, options, commodities, futures and other securities, and the investment of funds of others.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 


















 



RiverFront Investment Group















RiverFront Investment Group








Wrap Fee Trading Disclosures

Important Information about RiverFront’s Placement of Wrap Fee Account Client Trade Orders and Our “Trade Away” Practices
July 10, 2017
The following disclosure is published in an effort to provide RiverFront wrap fee account clients with more information regarding our trading practices, specifically the use of trade away transactions (as described below) and certain costs relevant to these practices.  It is not a comprehensive description of all RiverFront trading policies and procedures.  Additional information and disclosures are available in our Form ADV Part 2A.
RiverFront offers asset allocation portfolios for a range of investment objectives and risk tolerances that can be bought through wrap fee programs at dually registered brokerage and investment advisory firms (referred to throughout this document as “Sponsor Firms”). RiverFront has trading discretion over these asset allocation portfolios if they are purchased as separately managed accounts (“SMAs”); RiverFront does not have trading discretion over portfolios purchased in unified managed accounts (“UMAs”) and model delivery programs (“MDPs”).  The information below pertains only to SMA wrap fee clients that have granted RiverFront trading discretion over their account(s).
Presently, “Maintenance Trades,” which we define as trading that results from new accounts, liquidations, cash/security addition or withdrawals, tax harvesting, or any other client-requested transactions, are typically processed through the client’s Sponsor Firm’s managed-money desk.   Portfolio management-driven model changes (across-the-board or “ATB” trades) are typically aggregated and submitted via a block trade to a third-party brokerage firm in order to seek best execution (a “Trade Away Transaction”). RiverFront does not currently execute Trade Away Transactions with its Sponsor Firms. 
We have determined that best execution on our ATB trades is generally achieved through Trade Away Transactions, even though our SMA clients will incur additional brokerage costs related to the Trade Away Transactions (see the table below for additional information on these costs).  While the Sponsor Firms’ managed money desks have proven very capable, we often have complicated execution strategies that require greater timing flexibility, or in the case of exchange-traded products (“ETPs”), which includes both exchange-traded funds and exchange-traded notes, that demand direct access to an authorized participant for a single block execution. Trading away has many advantages, including, without limitation, that it leads to less price dispersion, limits exposure to information leakage and high frequency traders, and allows us to be more nimble in our trading, thereby avoiding potential delay costs.
We have considered executing these ATB transactions via a trade rotation among the Sponsor Firms; however, based on our trading experience and analysis, we currently believe that trading away enables us to achieve best execution for our clients.  RiverFront’s Best Execution Committee will continue to periodically evaluate our trade execution strategy in order to ensure that we continue to provide best execution for our clients.
By trading away our ATB trades, we believe that we can obtain better execution for our clients and eliminate price dispersion across different Sponsor Firms.  Furthermore, we have been able to identify other avenues of liquidity away from our Sponsor Firm managed money desks.  We can use a variety of algorithms to optimize each unique trading objective.  Logical participation strategies, such as volume-weighted average price (“VWAP”) and time-weighted average price (“TWAP”) can be managed in a single block, which helps to achieve better execution than can be accomplished through a series of small transactions with Sponsor Firms.  Finally, for ETP securities that may appear to be illiquid, we can use brokers that are able to source liquidity in an alternative manner to minimize price impact and ensure execution near the ETP’s net asset value (“NAV”).  We regard the ability to create and redeem the ETP basket as a critical requirement to achieve our best-execution requirements, and thus request that ETP buys and sells are consolidated into a single block execution. 
RiverFront is a tactical manager; therefore, we trade   frequently in our portfolios.  In volatile markets, such as those we have experienced over the past several years, we tend to trade even more frequently.  And in fast-moving markets, we believe that trade rotations can be  detrimental to a client’s portfolio performance if the trades cannot be executed in a timely manner.
For the reasons stated above, RiverFront has determined that best execution should be achieved differently for ATB trades than for Maintenance Trades.  RiverFront believes that ATB trades are in most cases better executed through Trade Away Transactions, while Maintenance Trades are usually better executed through the clients’ Sponsor Firms.  The chart below provides the volume of wrap fee trades by market value executed via Trade Away Transactions, as well as the known associated transaction costs charged by non-designated broker-dealers that are netted into the price of the security and passed onto wrap fee clients as a result of these trades.  This information is provided for each RiverFront investment strategy available to wrap fee clients.
We have disclosed these trading practices in our Form ADV Part 2A, which is provided to clients upon opening a RiverFront account and, at a minimum, offered annually thereafter.  Our Form ADV Part 1A and Part 2A is also publically available at: http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/. Please contact RiverFront at 804-549-4800 and/or info@riverfrontig.com if you would like a copy of our most recent Form ADV Part 2A sent to you or if you have any questions regarding our trading practices. 
 
Wrap Fee Program Trade Away Transaction Information 2017

 
1All percentages are approximate.  For purposes of this calculation, we divided (a) the total dollar amount of wrap fee client transactions (including all stock, bond and ETP transactions) in securities that were placed with broker-dealers other than the clients’ Sponsor Firms (Trade Away Transactions) by (b) the total dollar amount of wrap fee client transactions (including all stock, bond and ETP transactions) that RiverFront placed with all broker-dealers, in each case during the relevant period.  For example, assume RiverFront placed a total of 1,000 transactions for wrap fee clients during Q1, having an aggregate dollar amount of $1,000,000.  Of that total, RiverFront placed 700 of those transactions with broker-dealers that were not the clients’ Sponsor Firms (Trade Away Transactions), and the aggregate dollar value of those 700 transactions was $850,000.  Thus, in this example, the percentage dollar amount of trades in securities traded away in Q1 would be reflected as 85% ($850,000/$1,000,000).
2 This number is the percentage of all Trade Away Transactions that were executed as risk trades, working orders or bond trades, where there was no disclosed markup/markdown.  In these instances, the undisclosed markup or markdown is netted into the price the client receives.  Since the executing broker does not provide data regarding the dollar amount of the markup or markdown, we have listed the costs for these trades as “unknown.” These types of trades include, but are not limited to, transactions in shares of ETPs in which an Authorized Participant or market maker is providing RiverFront with a two-sided market for execution. In an effort to provide precise disclosure, we separate those trades which have a disclosed markup/markdown (certain agency trades), from those trades which have a markup/markdown that is not disclosed to RiverFront (risk trades, working orders, and bond transactions). 
 3 The average commission calculation includes all transactions in stocks and ETPs that were executed on an agency basis with an explicit commission expressed in terms of an average cents per share (cps). This calculation is disclosed to us through our trading partners via trade confirmations. 
Important Disclosures
As noted above, the information provided is approximate and the cents per share (cps) information reflects the average cents per share.  Please note that this data was compiled to the best of our ability given system constraints and limitations. 
RiverFront Investment Group, LLC, is an investment adviser registered with the Securities Exchange Commission under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. The company manages a variety of portfolios utilizing stocks, bonds, and exchange-traded funds (ETFs). RiverFront also serves as sub-advisor to a series of mutual funds and ETFs. Opinions expressed are current as of the date shown and are subject to change.  
 



 



























RiverFront Dynamic US Flex-Cap ETF - RFFC - Overview




























Fund Search







    
   



 
Strategies
Funds
Investor Materials
News
						

About
Contact

 











Home
ALPS Inc
ALPS Distributor








IncomeAlternative Income
RFCI RFCI RiverFront Dynamic Core Income ETF
RFDA RFDA RiverFront Dynamic US Dividend Advantage ETF
RFFC RFFC RiverFront Dynamic US Flex-Cap ETF
RFUN RFUN RiverFront Dynamic Unconstrained Income ETF
RIGS RIGS RiverFront Strategic Income Fund
Equity Income
EDOG EDOG ALPS Emerging Sector Dividend Dogs ETF
IDOG IDOG ALPS International Sector Dividend Dogs ETF
SDOG SDOG ALPS Sector Dividend Dogs ETF
 MLPs                                                                                                                
AMLP AMLP Alerian MLP ETF
ENFR ENFR Alerian Energy Infrastructure ETF
ALPS | Alerian MLP Infrastructure Index Fund
ALPS | Alerian Energy Infrastructure Portfolio
Energy MLPs                                                                                                                 
AMLP AMLP Alerian MLP ETF
ENFR ENFR Alerian Energy Infrastructure ETF
ALPS | Alerian MLP Infrastructure Index Fund
ALPS | Alerian Energy Infrastructure Portfolio
CommoditiesBasket
ALPS | CoreCommodity Management CompleteCommodities Strategy Fund
USCI USCI United States Commodity Index Fund
Agriculture
USAG USAG United States Agriculture Index Fund
Metals
SGDM SGDM Sprott Gold Miners ETF
SGDJ SGDJ Sprott Junior Gold Miners ETF
Single Commodity Futures
UNL UNL United States 12 Month Natural Gas Fund
USL USL United States 12 Month Oil Fund
BNO BNO United States Brent Oil Fund
CPER CPER United States Copper Index Fund
UHN UHN United States Diesel-Heating Oil Fund
UGA UGA United States Gasoline Fund
UNG UNG United States Natural Gas Fund
USO USO United States Oil Fund
DNO DNO United States Short Oil Fund
Listed Private Equity ALPS | Red Rocks Listed Private Equity Fund ALPS | Red Rocks Listed Private Equity PortfolioReal EstateGlobal
GRI GRI Cohen & Steers Global Realty Majors ETF
Core/Asset AllocationGlobal Allocation                                                  
ALPS | WMC Research Value Fund
RiverFront Conservative Income Builder Fund
RiverFront Dynamic Equity Income Fund
RiverFront Global Allocation Fund
RiverFront Global Growth Fund
RiverFront Moderate Growth & Income Fund
Tactical Allocation
ALPS | Stadion Core ETF Portfolio
ALPS | Stadion Tactical Growth Portfolio
 Morningstar ETF Asset Allocation Series
International/Developed MarketsInternational                                                    


IDOG ALPS International Sector Dividend Dogs ETF
Emerging MarketsChina
Clough China Fund
India
ALPS | Kotak India Growth Fund
Sector 
EQL ALPS Equal Sector Weight ETF
 
SBIO ALPS Medical Breakthroughs ETF
 
SWIN ALPS | Dorsey Wright Sector Momentum


XLY
Consumer Discretionary Select Sector SPDR Fund


XLP
Consumer Staples Select Sector SPDR Fund


XLE
Energy Select Sector SPDR Fund


XLF
Financial Select Sector SPDR Fund


XLV
Health Care Select Sector SPDR Fund


XLI
Industrial Select Sector SPDR Fund


XLB
Materials Select Sector SPDR Fund


XLK
Technology Select Sector SPDR Fund


XLU
Utilities Select Sector SPDR Fund
Socially Responsible 
EQLT Workplace Equality Portfolio
Closed End Funds

Blackstone Group  
Liberty All-Star Funds  
Principal Real Estate Income Fund  
Reaves Utility Income Fund  
RiverNorth Opportunities Fund  
Stone Harbor Closed End Funds  
﻿﻿﻿Clough Global Closed End Funds  

Exchanged Traded Funds

Alerian Energy Infrastructure ETF ENFR 
Alerian MLP ETF AMLP 
ALPS Emerging Sector Dividend Dogs ETF EDOG 
ALPS Equal Sector Weight ETF EQL 
ALPS International Sector Dividend Dogs ETF IDOG 
ALPS Medical Breakthroughs ETF SBIO 
ALPS Sector Dividend Dogs ETF SDOG 
ALPS | Dorsey Wright Sector Momentum ETF SWIN 
BARRON'S 400SM ETF BFOR 
BUZZ US Sentiment Leaders ETF BUZ 
Cohen & Steers Global Realty Majors ETF GRI 
RiverFront Dynamic Core Income ETF RFCI 
RiverFront Dynamic Unconstrained Income ETF RFUN 
RiverFront Dynamic US Dividend Advantage ETF RFDA 
RiverFront Dynamic US Flex-Cap ETF RFFC 
RiverFront Strategic Income Fund RIGS 
Select Sector SPDRs  
Sprott Gold Miners ETF SGDM 
Sprott Junior Gold Miners ETF SGDJ 
Stock Split Index Fund TOFR 
USCF Restaurant Leaders Fund MENU 
Workplace Equality Portfolio EQLT 

Exchanged Traded Products

United States Commodity Funds  

Mutual Funds

ALPS | Alerian MLP Infrastructure Index Fund 
ALPS | CoreCommodity Management CompleteCommodities Strategy Fund 
ALPS | Kotak India Growth Fund 
ALPS | Metis Global Micro Cap Value Fund 
ALPS | Red Rocks Listed Private Equity Fund 
ALPS | WMC Research Value Fund 
Clough China Fund 
RiverFront Global Allocation Series 

Variable Insurance Portfolios

ALPS | Alerian Energy Infrastructure Portfolio 
ALPS | Red Rocks Listed Private Equity Portfolio 
ALPS | Stadion Core ETF Portfolio 
ALPS | Stadion Tactical Growth Portfolio 
Morningstar ETF Asset Allocation Series 


 Resource Library Tax Forms Distribution Estimates
 GlossaryPerformance BulletinALPS Performance Bulletin
AVIT Performance Bulletin
Monthly Yield Report
ALPS Fund Card
ALPS ETF Card



 




About ALPS
Our History
Our Approach
Management
Partners








RiverFront Dynamic US Flex-Cap ETF RFFC








Overview
Holdings
Performance
Distributions
Premium/Discount
Resources







RFFC

Fund Stats  as of 07/27/2017 

Symbol
RFFC


CUSIP
00162Q 510


ISIN
US00162Q5100


Inception Date
06/07/2016


Dividends Paid
Monthly


Fund Type
Exchange Traded Fund


Market Price
$30.28


Last Trade Price
$30.15


NAV
$30.26


NAV Change
$-0.09


Total Net Assets
$33,285,801


Total Market Value
$33,272,505


Premium/Discount(%)
0.07%


Difference ($)
$0.02


Volume
5,627


Shares Outstanding
1,100,002


Expenses  as of 06/07/2016


Management Fee0.52%


Other Expenses0.00%


Total Operating Expenses0.52%




Yield Data as of 06/30/2017

30 Day SEC1.00%30 Day SEC Unsubsidized1.00%




Fund Resources

Prospectus 
Quarterly Fact Sheet 
Statement of Additional Information 
Summary Prospectus 
Resource Library  





Investment Objective
Seeks to provide capital appreciation.
Fund Description
RiverFront Dynamic US Flex-Cap is an Actively Managed ETF and does not follow an index.
In selecting the Fund’s portfolio securities, the Sub-Adviser assembles a portfolio of eligible securities based on several core attributes such as value, quality and momentum. The Sub-Adviser, RiverFront Investment Group, LLC (“RiverFront”), will consider multiple proprietary factors within each core attribute, such as the price-to-book value of a security when determining value, a company’s cash as a percentage of the company’s market capitalization when determining quality and a security’s three month relative price change when determining momentum. RiverFront then assigns each qualifying security a score based on its core attributes and selects the individual securities with the highest scores for investment. In doing so, RiverFront utilizes its proprietary optimization process to maximize the percentage of high-scoring securities included in the portfolio. A “high-scoring” security within our investment process does not guarantee a favorable performance or ensure against loss. RiverFront will also consider the market capitalization of the companies in which the Fund may invest, and the trading volume of a company’s shares in the secondary market.



Investable Securities
Under normal market conditions, the Fund will seek to achieve its investment objective by investing at least 65% of its net assets in a portfolio of exchange-traded equity securities of publicly traded U.S. companies. The exchange-traded equity securities the Fund may invest in as part of its principal investments are common stocks and common or preferred shares of real estate investment trusts (REITS). The Fund may invest in small, mid and large capitalization companies. It may also invest in other exchange-traded funds and/or closed-end funds.











Menu



Fund Search




Contact
Home












Contact Us
--Select State--AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming  I am an Individual Investor    I am an Investment Professional   Please answer the question: 4+2 = 





Phone

866.759.5679

Email

riverfront@alpsinc.com

Address

RiverFront Dynamic US Flex-Cap ETF
P.O. Box 44386
Denver, CO 80203








Market Price is based on the midpoint of the bid/ask spread at 4 p.m. ET and does not represent the returns an investor would receive if shares were traded at other times.
Performance data quoted represent past performance. Past performance is no guarantee of future results so that shares, when redeemed may be worth more or less than their original cost. The investment return and principal value will fluctuate. Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance quoted.

Performance data quoted represent past performance. Past performance is no guarantee of future results so that shares, when redeemed may be worth more or less than their original cost. The investment return and principal value will fluctuate. Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance quoted.
The performance of the Fund relative to its benchmark will depend largely on the decisions of the RiverFront Investment Group, LLC (the "Sub-Adviser" or 
"RiverFront") as to strategic asset allocation and tactical adjustments made to the asset allocation. At times, RiverFront's judgments as to the asset classes in which the Fund should invest may prove to be wrong, as some asset classes may perform worse than others or the equity markets generally from time to time or for extended periods of time. The performance of the Fund is related to the economic sectors that RiverFront may choose to emphasize or deemphasize from time to time, as well as to the individual securities selected by RiverFront within those sectors. The investment returns for particular economic sectors will fluctuate and may be lower than other sectors. In addition, the individual securities chosen for investment within a particular sector may underperform other securities within that same sector. Certain stocks selected for the Fund's portfolio may decline in value more than the overall stock markets. 
The value of the Fund's investments in fixed-income securities will generally decrease when interest rates rise, which means the Fund's NAV will likewise 
decrease.
The RiverFront Dynamic US Flex-Cap ETF is not suitable for all investors. Subject to investment risks, including possible loss of the principal amount invested.
RiverFront's Price Matters® discipline compares inflation-adjusted current prices relative to their long-term trend to help identify extremes in valuation.
ALPS Advisors, Inc. is the investment adviser to the Fund and RiverFront Investment Group, LLC is the investment sub-adviser. ALPS is not affiliated with RiverFront Investment Group, LLC.
 
Click here for terms and indexes used on this page. One cannot invest directly in an index.
Important Considerations
Investors should consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. The prospectus contains this and other important information. For a prospectus for the above listed funds, please click here. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing. For additional information on the above listed funds, please click the respective link.
Insurance Products Shares of the Portfolios are offered only to participating insurance companies and their separate accounts to fund the benefits of Variable Contracts, and to qualified pension and retirement plans and registered and unregistered separate accounts.
Closed-End Funds do not continuously issue shares for sale as open-end mutual funds do. Since the initial public offering, the Funds now trade in the secondary market. Investors wishing to buy or sell shares need to place orders through an intermediary or broker. The share price of a closed-end fund is based on the market's value. The Fund's investment objective is fundamental and may not be changed without the vote of the Fund's shareholders.
USO, USL, DNO, UNG, UNL, UGA, UHN, BNO, USCI, CPER  and USAG are not mutual funds or any other type of Investment Company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and are not subject to regulation thereunder.
Shares of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) are not individually redeemable and owners of the shares may acquire those shares from the ETF and tender those shares for redemption to the ETF in Creation Units only, see the ETF prospectus for additional information regarding Creation Units. Investors may purchase or sell ETF shares throughout the day through any brokerage account, which will result in typical brokerage commissions.
With the exception of the  closed-end funds listed above, ALPS Distributors, Inc. and/or ALPS Portfolio Solutions Distributor, Inc., 1290 Broadway, Denver, CO 80203, is the distributor for the open-end mutual funds and exchange-traded funds/products on this website.
The Funds described on this website are offered to United States residents only.  Information on this site should not be considered a solicitation to buy or an offer to sell a security any persons outside the United States.
ALPS Advisors, Inc., ALPS Distributors, Inc., ALPS Portfolio Solutions Distributor, Inc., and ALPS Fund Services, Inc. are subsidiaries of ALPS Holdings, Inc. ALPS Distributors, Inc. and ALPS Portfolio Solutions Distributor, Inc. are registered broker-dealers and FINRA Members.
© 2010-2017 - ALPS Advisors Inc. - All rights reserved.
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









