





















Variable Annuities | RiverSource


Skip to main content





















Variable Annuities
Take charge of your retirement.
You may have these questions as you plan for retirement:
Things to Consider

Am I saving enough?
How much money can I safely spend so that it lasts my lifetime?
If I don’t need the money for income, how can I protect it for my beneficiaries?

RiverSource® variable annuities can help you address these challenges with more confidence and help you create the retirement you envsion.
Variable annuities offer:

Professionally managed investments and tax-deferred growth
Unique living benefits for an added fee
Benefits that protect your investments for your beneficiaries





Learn more about RiverSource® variable annuities and how they can help meet your retirement goals:




RAVA 5 Advantage®
RAVA 5 Select®
RAVA 5 Access®






Lower initial payment to open your annuity
Lower M&E fees1
Choice of a 7-year or 10-year surrender period
Opportunity to grow your investments over time through market participation




4-year surrender charge period
Access to your money in less time
Opportunity to grow your investments over time through market participation




No surrender charge
Immediate access to your money
Option to leave your money invested to participate in the markets





Learn more:

RiverSource® RAVA 5 Advantage variable annuity
RiverSource® RAVA 5 Advantage variable annuity - New York



Learn more:

RiverSource® RAVA 5 Select variable annuity
RiverSource® RAVA 5 Select variable annuity - New York



Learn more:

RiverSource® RAVA 5 Access variable annuity 
RiverSource® RAVA 5 Access variable annuity - New York










To see information for a different variable annuity, select from the list below. For New York and Texas, please select your state. For all others, please select National, then the product name.


View performance for Portfolio Stabilizer funds
View performance for Portfolio Navigator funds




Talk to an Advisor


Talk to an advisor to discuss how RiverSource solutions can help you. Don’t Have an Advisor? Find an Ameriprise Financial Advisor who is right for you.

Find an Advisor



Variable annuities can help you weather market volatility and make the most of your retirement investment. Talk with your Ameriprise financial advisor today to learn more about how RiverSource annuities can help you reach your retirement goals. Or, call our Ameriprise Advisor Center at (800) 257-8740 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Central time Monday through Friday.
The guarantees offered by RiverSource® annuities are backed by the strength and soundness of RiverSource Life Insurance Company and, in New York, RiverSource Life Insurance Co. of New York, and are subject to their claims-paying ability. These guarantees do not apply to the investments in the annuity, which will vary with market conditions.
View important information about annuities, and how to request a variable annuity prospectus.
1Source: RiverSource product research, using the Morningstar AnnuityIntelligence tool. Analysis includes: comparable L- and B-share variable annuities with 4-year, 7-year and 10-year surrender charge schedules with an ‘open’ status in Morningstar as of May 2016. Analysis excludes: closed and group annuities and annuities with a premium-based fee. Research compared Mortality, Expense, Administrative and Distribution fees. Morningstar, Inc. is not affiliated with nor does it endorse or otherwise provide a testimonial for the products of RiverSource Life Insurance Company or RiverSource Life Insurance Co. of New York.

112976 C(5/17)













 



 


 


     
  













11 Annuity Tips You Should Know









































11 Tips You Absolutely Must Know About Annuities  




Tip #11: There are different types of annuities.  Some are designed for accumulation and growth; while others are designed to maximize retirement income. Fixed annuities provide a safe alternative to bank CD’s. It’s very important to select the right type of annuity for your situation. 





Get My Annuity Report Now!


2017's Best Annuities - Find the annuities with the highest rates, lowest fees and highest guaranteed returns in our free report




Tip #10: If you purchase a traditional fixed annuity, find a company that has a history of providing competitive renewal rates. This is important because the interest rate you earn is only guaranteed for a portion of the term. Some companies have a history of paying better renewal rates than others. The rates for CD-type annuities remain the same for the term. 







Tip #8: If you purchase an immediate annuity with a “life with cash refund or life with installment refund”, the listed beneficiaries will receive 100% of the remaining dollars.  Annuities avoid probate, so select the right beneficiary!




Tip #9:
  Rates that look too good to be true, usually are. Make sure to check the companies rating before purchasing and look for stable, highly rated companies. You also want to diversify. Don't invest all of your savings with 1 company. 







Tip #5: Income annuities (SPIA’s) usually provide the highest contractually guaranteed payout of any type of annuity if you need “income now”. SPIA's also have no fees.  




Looking for retirement income? Our free report shops 150+ annuities and highlights the companies with the highest guaranteed returns




Our Free Report compares 1,420 annuities from America's two largest annuity databases








Tip #7: Insurance agents usually get paid more the longer the money is locked up.  Many states have banned annuities with terms over 10 years.  You should do the same. 




Tip #6: You might have seen annuity ads where an annuity earned 12-15% with no risk. These come from "uncapped" index annuities. These returns are possible when market indexes go up considerably. Keep in mind these returns are not normal. 




Bonus Tip :  Let us help you. Request our free annuity report and we will send you what we feel are the best annuities available on the market today. Our free report compares 1,420 annuities from America's two largest annuity databases to find the highest guaranteed returns. 





Annuity Pros and Cons




Myths 




Types 



Annuity Tips




Did you know over 1 million Americans already own an annuity?











As Seen On 


Copyright 2017 Annuity Resources



Privacy Policy 



Terms & Conditions



(888)266-8190



Tip #4:  Be careful of the fees on variable annuities.  Variable annuities have many different layers of fees. Get an itemized breakdown of all of the fees.  If your variable annuity earns 7-9% gross and you pay 3-4% in fees, you may be better off in fixed products.




Tip #3: Shop around. Don't buy any annuity until you compare the rates, benefits and fees of all of the products available.   Rates vary considerably! The top 5 year fixed annuity is now paying 220% more interest than the bottom in our database. 




Tip #2:  Index annuities - 1. Does it have a cap?  2. In plain english, how is the gain calculated?  If you are looking at index annuities with an income rider, we can compare 150+ products and show you which products guarantee the most income in our free report. 











Tip #1:
 Longevity annuities (DIA's) allow you to take a lump sum and turn it into "income later". The US treasury department and IRS have endorsed this type of annuity in recent years and made them more accessible in 401(k) plans. 



















;




























RAVA 5 Advantage® Variable Annuity | RiverSource


Skip to main content

















To see information for a different variable annuity, select from the list below. For New York and Texas, please select your state. For all others, please select National, then the product name.





RAVA 5 Advantage® variable annuity
You've worked hard throughout your lifetime to prepare for a comfortable retirement. Through each stage — from building your nest egg to enjoying your retirement — you'll want and need sustainable retirement income and the growth potential to help ensure the retirement you envision. RiverSource offers a range of annuity solutions that can help you grow your money, live more confidently in retirement and share your wealth with the people and causes you care about.
Variable annuities are long-term investment vehicles designed to help you position yourself for a more confident retirement. For further information, please read the prospectus.






Overview
Performance
Daily Unit Values
Fees & Charges
Investing Solutions
Optional Benefits
Related Literature


  
Getting Started

Minimum initial payment: Qualified - $1,000; Non-qualified - $2,000
Minimum additional payments: $50
If annuity is part of an employer-sponsored plan, the minimum payment is $1,000 for lump sum, or $25 per payment (only allowed with group bill).
Maximum issue age: 90

Withdrawals
Surrender charges (based on each premium payment)




Completed year
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10+




7-Year Charge
7%
7%
7%
6%
5%
4%
2%
0%
0%
0%
0%


10-Year Charge
8%
8%
8%
7%
6%
5%
4%
3%
2%
1%
0%




Access to withdrawals
Cumulative earnings or 10% of the prior anniversary contract value can be annually withdrawn without charge
Surrender charge waivers


Nursing Home Confinement
To qualify:

Owner and joint owner must be confined to a qualified facility for 60 consecutive days
Owner and joint owner must be under 76 at contract issue



Terminal illness
To qualify:

Diagnosis must occur after first contract anniversary
No maximum issue age



Owner and joint owner are covered on both waivers. Waiver availability varies by state. Check your product prospectus for more information.


Systematic withdrawals

$50 monthly minimum



Regular fixed account

One year guaranteed rate followed by 12-month renewal rates
Guaranteed Minimum Interest Rate varies by issue date



Investment Features and Options


Special Dollar Cost Averaging fixed account (SDCA)

6 and 12 month DCA
No minimum



Guarantee Period Accounts (GPA)

1 to 10 year durations
Market Value Adjustment (MVA) is made for any withdrawals or client-elected transfers (waived under certain instances)
Rate is set bi-weekly
$1,000 minimum
No guaranteed minimum rate
Not available in all states





With an optional living benefit or the Enhanced Legacy® benefit

You can choose from the Portfolio Stabilizer funds.



Without an optional living benefit or the Enhanced Legacy® benefit
You can choose from over 90 funds encompassing a wide spectrum of fund families, investment types and strategies. You will have access to individual funds as well as asset allocation portfolios. Our individual funds offer everything from blue-chip domestic funds to international small-company funds to alternatives. Our asset allocation portfolios are broadly diversified across asset classes, market sectors and holdings, and have built-in asset allocation and risk management to help meet your investing goals. You also have access to fixed account options that offer the security of a guaranteed rate of return.










Total Mortality & Expense (M&E) fee

7-year M&E: 1.10% (through year 10); 0.95% (years 11+)
10-year M&E: 0.95%

Optional Living and Death Benefit fees




Fee added to M&E fee




Return of Purchase Payments (ROPP) death benefit
0.35%


Maximum Five Year Anniversary Value (MAV5) death benefit
0.10%


Maximum Anniversary Value (MAV) death benefit
0.25%








Annual Charge




Currently Available:


SecureSource 4® — Single Life Benefit
1.25%


SecureSource 4® — Joint Life Benefit
1.35%


SecureSource 4 Plus® — Single Life Benefit
1.50%


SecureSource 4 Plus® — Joint Life Benefit
1.65%


Accumulation Protector Benefit® (APB®)
1.30%


Benefit Protector® Death Benefit (BP)
0.25%


Enhanced Legacy® Benefit
0.95%




Contract charge
$30 annual charge. (Waived for contracts $50,000 and over; not waived at full surrender.)


Flexible investing options: the choice is yours.
Within your RiverSource® variable annuity, you have two investing paths to consider:

With an optional living benefit or the Enhanced Legacy® benefit. If you selected a living benefit for your RiverSource variable annuity, you can choose from the Portfolio Stabilizer funds.
Without an optional living benefit or the Enhanced Legacy benefit. You can choose from over 90 funds encompassing a wide spectrum of fund families, investment types and strategies. You will have access to individual funds as well as asset allocation portfolios. Our individual funds offer everything from blue-chip domestic funds to international small-company funds to alternatives. Our asset allocation portfolios are broadly diversified across asset classes, market sectors and holdings, and have built-in asset allocation and risk management to help meet your investing goals. You also have access to fixed account options that offer the security of a guaranteed rate of return.



Optional benefits provide increased protection
RiverSource® annuities can help with a wide range of retirement needs, including protecting your wealth, providing lifetime income guarantees and leaving a legacy. Optional benefits, available for an additional fee, can be added to your annuity contract to meet your specific goals and needs.
Living Benefits
Optional living benefits can protect your investment, offer opportunities for guaranteed income growth while you are accumulating, and provide guaranteed income for life.
Death Benefits
Share your legacy with the people and causes you care about with a selection of death benefit options that can help protect your investment for your beneficiaries and even increase what you leave behind.


Please contact your advisor with any questions.



RiverSource® RAVA 5 Advantage variable annuity

At a glance brochure





RiverSource® RAVA 5 Advantage variable annuity

Prospectus



















 


Talk with your Ameriprise financial advisor today to learn more about how RiverSource annuities can help you reach your retirement goals. Or, call our Ameriprise Advisor Center at 800-257-8740 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Central time Monday through Friday.
The guarantees offered by RiverSource® annuities are backed by the strength and soundness of RiverSource Life Insurance Company and, in New York, RiverSource Life Insurance Co. of New York, and are subject to their claims-paying ability. These guarantees do not apply to the investments in the annuity, which will vary with market conditions.
View important information about annuities, including how to request a variable annuity prospectus
111682 C(5/16)
 


 


     
  









	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































Unbiased Annuity Reviews - Unbiased Annuity Reviews          Toggle SlidingBar Area     BlogHome/Blog/ National Western Life Ultra Classic 13 Equity Indexed Annuity Review  Gallery   National Western Life Ultra Classic 13 Equity Indexed Annuity Review Annuity review National Western Life Ultra Classic 13 Equity Indexed Annuity ReviewNational Western Life Ultra Classic 13 Equity Indexed Annuity ReviewThis review is meant to show you the strengths and weaknesses of the National Western Life Ultra Classic 13 Equity Indexed Annuity. As with all annuities, they work very well doing some aspects and poorly at other aspects. I’ll walk through the details of how National Western Life Ultra Classic 13 Equity Indexed Annuity works, so you can know what to expect. This review will be on the National Western Life Ultra Classic 13 Equity Indexed Annuity without income rider.  We’ll breakdown the investment options and the potential returns.Product TypeFeesInvestment options that are available and their realistic long-term investment return expectationsUnderstanding the income riderHow it can best help you as part of your financial planHow it’s most poorly used as part of your financial planNational Western Life Ultra Classic 13 Equity Indexed Annuity Quick FactsProduct NameUltra-Classic 13 Equity Indexed AnnuityIssuerNational Western LifeType of ProductIndexed AnnuityStandard & Poor’s Rating“A” (Strong)Phone Number1-877-922-9422Websitehttps://www.nationalwesternlife.com/annuities.aspxThere are a few ways that Agents might pitch this productPrincipal Protected GrowthUncapped market upsidDoes your agent say you can get market like returns with zero risk?The National Western Life Ultra Classic 13 Equity Indexed Annuity without the income rider is designed for accumulation. This review we’ll be straightforward. When it comes to National Western Life Ultra Classic 13 Equity Indexed Annuity it’s all about the potential for interest. That will decide whether this annuity is good for you or not.National Western Life doesn’t show any projected returns. It’s for this reason the investment portion of this review will be valuable for you. It seems National western life doesn’t like showing the historical returns. This is strange considering all other companies I know of show some type of historical return history based on current caps and rates.Welcome to AnnuityEdu where you can find unbiased annuity reviews, a perspective you can trust.If it happens that you’re on this website for the first time, we’re dedicated to helping you with a second opinion viewpoint. So to help you see through some of sales pitches that aren’t what they seem. There’s plenty of imitators in the market some of them saying they are unbiased because they’re investment advisors and not insurance licensed. But that creates a bias towards investments over annuities. We are insurance and investment licensed so we’re qualified to show you both sides of the equation that you need to know. We hope with the information we provide you’ll be better educated to make an informed decision before you buy.Before we go into detail, here is an important legal disclosure.This review of National Western Life Ultra Classic 13 Equity Indexed Annuity is meant to be an independent review at the request of readers. In addition, so they could see my perspective as a Certified Financial Planner CFP®, Designee when breaking down the positives and negatives of this particular model annuity. This is an independent product review, not a recommendation to buy or sell an annuity. National Western has not endorsed this review in any way, nor do I receive any compensation for this review. Before purchasing any investment product, be sure to do your own due diligence. Consult a properly licensed professional, should you have specific questions, as they relate to your individual circumstances.  This is not meant to be specific advice and your advisor may know more about your circumstances to make an appropriate recommendation.  All names, marks, and materials used for this review are property of their respective owners.Information on National Western LifeNational Western Life Insurance Company® is a Colorado corporation with Executive Offices in Austin, Texas. The Company offers a full line of life insurance and annuity products in 49 states and the District of Columbia. Visit our website www.nationalwesternlife.com for all current financial information. Since its start in 1956, National Western has emphasized financial strength for the protection of its policyholders. As a legal reserve insurance company, National Western must set aside a portion of its assets equal to reserves required by law. Annually, a financial statement is filed with each state’s insurance department.  Understanding the Surrender ChargeContract Year12345678910111213ThereafterWithdrawal Charge15%14.75%14.00%13.00%12.25%11.25%10.50%10%8.75%8.00%6.00%4.00%2.00%0.00% National Western Life Ultra Classic 13 Equity Indexed Annuity has a long 13 year surrender. This surrender is very long especially when compared to other annuities in its class. The important aspect of the surrender is whether the Index options cap and rates are worth the long hold time.  I’ll break down the investment options and what you should expect.Option A-Annual Reset with Monthly Average.Option B-Fixed Interest 1 year 3.35.Option D-Annual reset with Monthly Cap   1st year cap is 2.25%.Option J-Annual Point to point 7% Cap.Please check the cap rates before you buy. These are subject to change. NWL doesn’t show the historical performance so I’ve compared the caps and rates relative to other similar companies. They show the historical performance so you can see what the performance has been. You can compare it with what you’ve been told.Option A-This option has the best historical performance.  This option in the best base scenario should average around 5%. In the worst case, I’d expect a 10-year period to be around 3%. If you’re expecting more then this range you’ll be disappointed.Option B-Fixed Interest—This is 1st year only and remember NWL has a reputation in the industry of changing their rates after the 1st year.Option D-Annual Reset with Monthly Cap – Current rate is 2.25 1st year.  Great American Life has this exact index crediting option with a 2% monthly cap. The best 10-year return has been 2.59%. The worst 10-year period has been 2.76%.  The last 10 years has been 2.88%. The NWL life’s index crediting cap is slightly higher for the 1st year. It’s likely the returns could be slightly better but not much. If you’re being touted high returns with this annuity, then you may need to find a new advisor because they’re not being honest.Option J-Annual Point to Point with a 7% cap. Great American Life has the exact same indexing credit but with a 6.75% cap.  They show the best 10-year return at 4.30%, the worst 10-year return at 3.31%. The last 10-year return at 4.36%. The 7% cap will give a little more return but not much. It’s also only 7% for the 1st year.Where it works Best:Conservative growthCash alternativeLooking for principal protectionThose who don’t mind locking in money for 13 yearsWhere it works Worst:Those who need to return to beat inflationWho want the simplicity in understanding their indexing crediting strategiesThose who want to maintain flexibility in retirementAnnuity Edu’s Summary on the National Western Life Ultra Classic 13 Equity Indexed AnnuityOverall, National Western Life Ultra Classic 13 Equity Indexed Annuity has a long surrender charge relative to the potential for interest gains.  The longer you’re locking into an annuity the more potential for growth there should be. It’s similar to the concept of risk versus reward. The more risk, the more reward there is. The longer the time of your commitment, the higher the upside should be for you with annuities. National Western Life Ultra Classic 13 Equity Indexed Annuity does not have a favorable risk relative to reward in my opinion. There are plenty of 10 year annuities that have more interest potential. What this tells me is there’s no good reason to lock yourself in for 13 years.To ConcludeLocking yourself in a low interest annuity for 13 years may be good for your agent but not for you! The fact that National Western Life doesn’t show projected returns concerns me. Makes me think they have something to hide. This could allow agents to misrepresent the potential returns that are likely. Please compare the above analysis with what you’ve been told.Do you have any questions?  Comments?  Does everything match up to what you’ve been told?  If you need any clarification or what we’ve just explained, just reach out to us and ask.Click here to receive an AnnuityEdu Retirement Income Analysis. (done by Annuityedu’s CFP Professional). This will help you decide whether an annuity is right for you. And which annuity types are best for your needs. Also, it will provide the true rate of return of the Annuity in your specific circumstance. So you understand your retirement strengths, weaknesses, and opportunities.Have Questions on National Western Life Ultra Classic 13 Equity Indexed Annuity? Have any comments?Do you have any questions that you can’t seem to find the answer here on our website? [You can send us your questions here via our Free Annuity Help contact form].Finally, purchasing an annuity is often an irreversible decision. You’ll have high surrender fee’s if you change your mind after you buy it.We hope you found it helpful as you’re conducting your own research on National Western Life Ultra Classic 13 Equity Indexed Annuity. We hope you enjoy a plentiful retirement journey.For any questions or if you need clarity about the National Western Life Ultra Classic 13 Equity Indexed Annuity, reach out to us by email or by phone. contact form. All the best, Annuityedu.com   National Western Life Ultra Classic 13 Equity Indexed Annuity Review    AnnuityEdu    2017-07-27T17:59:52+00:00  Midland National Endeavor 12 Annuity Review  Gallery   Midland National Endeavor 12 Annuity Review Annuity review Midland National Endeavor 12 Annuity ReviewMidland National Endeavor 12 Annuity ReviewThis review is meant to show you the strengths and weaknesses of the Midland National Endeavor 12 Annuity. As with all annuities, they work very well doing some aspects and poorly at other aspects. I’ll walk through the details of how this annuity works, so you can know what to expect.Product TypeFeesInvestment options that are available and their realistic long term investment return expectationsUnderstanding the income riderHow it can best help you as part of your financial planHow it’s most poorly used as part of your financial planMidland National Endeavor 12 Annuity Quick FactsProduct NameEndeavor 12 Fixed Index AnnuityIssuerMidland National LifeType of ProductFixed AnnuityStandard & Poor’s Rating“A+” (Strong)Phone Number1-877-586-0244Websitehttps://www.midlandnational.com/why-annuitiesDid your agent say you’ll get 6% Guaranteed Growth no matter what the market does?If so keep reading this review.  Some of it is, but we must understand the details of how it works, things aren’t always what they seem.First of all, we’ll understand the base annuity and the investment options that are available. This will help us put the pitch of market similar growth with zero downside to the test. Then, we’ll walk through the income rider and guaranteed 6% increase in the income base, so that we see exactly how it works and you can compare with what you’ve been told.Midland National Endeavor  12 is a long term commitment with high penalties if you take your money out early.There are a few ways that Agents might pitch this product.To get guaranteed Lifetime incomeGet uncapped market growth with zero downsideTo create an inflation adjusted lifetime incomeTo receive a 6% guaranteed GrowthIs any of this true?In a broad sense it is, there are important details you should be aware of. In this review we will help you understand the numbers you need to consider.Retirees have been forced into risky investments due to low interest rates. These annuity guarantees however come at a cost. Often these costs are worth it but in others they’re not. It can depend on your risk tolerance, financial objectives, and time frame. This review is designed to help give you more information so you can decide whether it’s worth it for you.Welcome to AnnuityEdu where you can find unbiased annuity reviews, a perspective you can trust.If it happens that you’re on this website for the first time. We’re dedicated to helping you with a second opinion viewpoint so to help you see through some of sales pitches that aren’t what they seem. We hope with the information we provide you’ll be better educated to make an informed decision before you buy.Before we go into detail, here is an important legal disclosure.This review of Midland National Endeavor 12 Annuity is meant to be an independent review at the request of readers, in addition, so they could see my perspective when breaking down the positives and negatives of this particular model annuity. This is an independent product review, not a recommendation to buy or sell an annuity. Midland National has not endorsed this review in any way, nor do I receive any compensation for this review. Before purchasing any investment product be sure to do your own due diligence and consult a properly licensed professional, should you have specific questions, as they relate to your individual circumstances.  This is not meant to be specific advice and your advisor may know more about your circumstances to make an appropriate recommendation.  All names, marks, and materials used for this review are property of their respective owners.Information on Midland NationalToday, Midland National is one of the leading insurance companies in the U.S. There proud history dates back more than 100 years when they were founded in 1906 under the name of Dakota Mutual Life Insurance Company. The company grew steadily during the early years, even as it faced the economic challenges of World War I, the Great Depression and World War II. In 1925, the company assumed its current name – Midland National® Life Insurance Company. With its continued emphasis on providing quality products and excellent service, the Company looks forward to celebrating many more milestones in the years to come.      Does the Midland National Endeavor 12 Annuity really earn 6% Guaranteed Growth with the Income Rider?The Income Base of the Midland National Endeavor 12 Annuity guarantees to increase by 6% every year you delay taking income.Wait…did you say 6% guaranteed!? Sign me up. Hold on! it’s not really earning 6% guaranteed!While this guaranteed amount of increase can seem tempting, understand how it fits into your financial plan and what is the return it truly adds.What I mean is, even though it increases 6% every year, it’s only after you lose 100% of annual income first. Every year, we all get 1 year closer to passing away, so the insurance companies are using mortality tables to determine that their promise to pay us is getting less every year, so they’ll guarantee 6% more for every year we don’t take income.Before you make a long-term decision, understand 6% guaranteed increase is in income base. Which is money you can’t just walk away with. Nor money your beneficiaries get, or go make another investment with, or spend at once, and not even in a few years. You must take income with the specified withdrawal rate in the contract. What is the real return that 6% gives you? I’ll break down the significant aspects you need to know.Let’s break down an example so you can understand how the income rider works.Let’s Assume you’re age 65 years old and you’re going to invest $250,000. You plan to defer the Midland National Endeavor 12 annuity for 5 years while it increases 6% each year with the Guaranteed Income Rider. On the beginning of the 6th year you begin to pull lifetime income. At that point your Guaranteed minimum income value is $354,630 and you’re lifetime payment percentage of 5.8% for life. This equates to $20,569 annually. Therefore, by the time you’re 85 you’ve pulled $308,535 in income. At this point you’re above the average life expectancy. You’ve withdrawn $58,000 above your initial investment of $250,000 which is a total return of 20% in 20 years. This is under 1% compounded annually!  This shows that you really didn’t earn 6% in those years.Understanding the Surrender ChargeContract Year123456789101112Withdrawal Charge10%10%10%10%10%9%8%7%6%5%4%2%Does this match up to what you’ve been told?It’s important to compare the opportunity cost of utilizing other assets to satisfy income needs in the years you are deferring. You or your adviser may be selling the wrong assets first in retirement based on the wrong return assumptions. For example, if you truly believe that this Midland National Endeavor 12 annuity is earning 6%, you may defer it for a long time and sell assets that are truly earnings 3-5% real rate of return. This can damage your ability to maintain your lifestyle in retirement and may be forced to downsize. Has your adviser understood the internal rate of return these annuity guarantees provide? It’s typically less then 6%. Ask and double check before investing. It’s something we do free at AnnuityEdu. If you’d like us to calculate the true rate of return, just reach out and ask.Now that we’ve learned how the income rider works for Midland National Endeavor 12.What type of Performance can I expect from the options?Note that rates may change. Rates discussed here may be higher or lower then the rates discussed below due to the potential of changing participation rates. If you’re being told about uncapped market upside with zero downside.  You’re being recommended the uncapped Risk Control index 5%. However, note even though the name of this index has the S&P 500 index in it, it’s not the same as being in the S&P 500. It has less upside because of it’s volatility controlled index.Historical S&P 500 5% Risk Control ReturnsIn the most recent 10 years, this index with a spread of 1.5% and income rider costs of 1.05% has done 3.59% annually. Highest 10 year period averaged 5.83%.     Where it works best:Producing a pension like lifetime guaranteed income stream Looking for conservative growth and want to have a guarantee on their principal over a 10 year investment.To guarantee a lifetime income stream in the futureWhere it works Worst:Those looking for moderate to high Capital appreciationFor those who need liquidity.If you’re looking to outperform inflation by a large degree to maintain your retirement lifestyleAnnuity Edu’s Summary on the Midland National Endeavor  12 AnnuityOverall this annuity is alright but doesn’t seem to jump out at me as anything special. The Income rider of the Midland National Life and the index options aren’t anything to brag about.  It’s definitely likely to be much better than a cash investment but there are better annuities out there.Buying an Equity Indexed annuity is a long-term commitment and it’s important to test this annuity versus various others to see which one fits your goals and objectives the most.  Typically these annuities earn nowhere near the return of the guaranteed 6% rollup income rider  that agents’ brag about.To ConcludeIf your financial plan says you need 6% annually in retirement don’t think you can buy this annuity and earn 6% guaranteed and that all the investing and retirement planning you need to do is done. You’ll need a comprehensive retirement income analysis that factors inflation, taxes, and your investment positioning to see if the annuity adds value to your retirement. You need a Retirement Income Analysis done before buying.  It’s something we do for free here at Annuityedu.com.Click here to receive an AnnuityEdu Retirement Income Analysis. (Done by Annuityedu’s CFP Professional) This will show the true rate of return of the annuity in your specific circumstance, and help you understand your retirement strengths, weaknesses, and opportunities. Need help? This will help you decide whether an annuity is right for you and which annuity types are best for your needs.  If you’re within 1-10 years of Retirement this type of Analysis is important and a must for anyone who is serious about retirement. Don’t have an insurance agent plan your retirement and if you did at least get a 2nd opinion.Have Questions on Index Builder 14 Annuity? Have any comments?Do you have any questions that you can’t seem to find the answer here on our website? [You can send us your questions here via our Free Annuity Help contact form]. Finally, purchasing an annuity is often an irreversible decision. You’ll have high surrender fee’s if you change your mind after you buy it.We hope you found it helpful as you’re conducting your own research on Midland National Endeavor 12 annuity. We wish you all the best in your retirement journey!For any questions or if you need clarity about the Midland National Endeavor 12 annuity, reach out to us by our contact form.All the best, Annuityedu.com  Midland National Endeavor 12 Annuity Review    AnnuityEdu    2017-06-30T20:24:48+00:00  Jackson National Perspective II with Lifeguard Freedom Rider 7 Review  Gallery   Jackson National Perspective II with Lifeguard Freedom Rider 7 Review Annuity review Jackson National Perspective II with Lifeguard Freedom Rider 7 ReviewJackson National Perspective II with Lifeguard Freedom Rider 7 ReviewThis review is meant to show you the strengths and weaknesses of the Jackson National Perspective II with lifeguard freedom rider 7 review. As with all annuities, they work very well doing some aspects and poorly at other aspects. I’ll walk through the details of how this annuity works, so you can know what to expect.Product TypeFeesInvestment options that are available and their realistic long term investment return expectationsUnderstanding the income riderHow it can best help you as part of your financial planHow it’s most poorly used as part of your financial planJackson National Perspective II with lifeguard freedom rider 7 Variable Annuity Quick FactsProduct NamePerspective II Variable AnnuityIssuerJackson National LifeType of ProductVariable AnnuityStandard & Poor’s Rating“AA” (Very Strong)Phone Number1-877-565-2968Websitehttps://www.jackson.com/products/variable-annuities/perspective-ii/introduction.xhtmlDid your Agent say that you’ll earn 7% Guaranteed no matter what the market does?!If so, you have to read this review…The Perspective II Annuity will guarantee you lifetime income however there’s a withdrawal rate and guaranteed lifetime rate that I see people getting confused with.  The 7% Rollup Rate is not money you can just walk away and you’re not earning it.   I feel advisors and agents often use the 7% Rollup as a sales tactic but the real rate of return isn’t figured or disclosed by agents and advisors.   7% Guaranteed or the market can sound pretty tempting but don’t bite until you know real numbers.  In the Annuity Review, we’ll break down the important numbers you need to know before making this decision. There are a few ways that Agents might pitch this productGuaranteed lifetime incomeTo get 7% growth and pursue market upsideBe able to withdraw 5% for the rest of your life no matter what the market doesAble to be in the stock market while at the same time have guaranteed lifetime income.Is any of this true?In a broad sense it is, there are important details you should be aware of. In this review we will help you understand the numbers you need to consider.You can learn more by downloading the prospectus by clicking here Prospectus downloadMany retirees have been forced into risky investments due to low interest rates. Variable Annuities with guaranteed income riders such as the Jackson National Perspective II with lifeguard freedom rider 7 Annuity have been very popular in recent years. These Annuity guarantees however come at a cost. Often these costs are worth it but in others they’re not. It can depend on your risk tolerance, financial objectives, and time frame. This review is designed to help give you more information so you can decide whether it’s worth it for you.Welcome to AnnuityEdu where you can find unbiased annuity reviews, a perspective you can trust.If it happens that you’re on this website for the first time. We’re dedicated to helping you with a second opinion viewpoint so to help you see through some of sales pitches that aren’t what they seem. We hope with the information we provide you’ll be better educated to make an informed decision before you buy. Before we go into detail, here is an important disclosureThis review of Jackson National Perspective II with lifeguard freedom rider 7 Annuity is meant to be an independent review at the request of readers, in addition, so they could see my perspective as a Certified Financial Planner CFP®, Designee when breaking down the positives and negatives of this particular model annuity. This is an independent product review, not a recommendation to buy or sell an annuity. Jackson National has not endorsed this review in any way, nor do I receive any compensation for this review. Before purchasing any investment product, be sure to do your own due diligence and consult a properly licensed professional, should you have specific questions, as they relate to your individual circumstances.  This is not meant to be specific advice and your advisor may know more about your circumstances to make an appropriate recommendation.  All names, marks, and materials used for this review are property of their respective owners.Information on Jackson NationalJackson National Life Insurance Company® (Jackson®) first opened for business in 1961 as a small family-owned company. They have evolved over the years into a successful multi-billion-dollar organization, have lived by the mantra that no matter where the journey takes them, they will never forget where they came from.  By combining the responsiveness and personal attention of a family business with the resources and strength of a large corporation, they are able to provide a unique experience to customers and partners.    If I’m not earnings 7% guaranteed what is the rate of return that the Income rider guarantees’ me?In this section were going to break down how much value that Income Rider adds and what rate of return the income rider 7% Guarantee truly provides.  If you’re expecting the income rider to provide the 6 or 7% growth you need to maintain your lifestyle, you’ll be disappointed.  Remember the 7% growth depends on your specific model and year you bought. It’s not money you can walk away with, but is guaranteed increase in your income value.  Let’s break down the numbers.  Scenario 1Lets assume you’re age 65, put this annuity in, and you plan to defer for 5 years until age 70 and then begin taking withdrawals or “income”. Remember the withdrawals are reductions of principal and any gains for the year if any. This is not interest. There’s a difference.  You put $1,000,000 in this annuity. After deferring it for 5 years your income base value has increased to $1,350,000 million and now want to begin taking income. At age 70 in this example the person is guaranteed 4.75% withdrawal for the rest of their life which is $64,125. After withdrawing $64,125 for 20 years. They’re now age 90.  They’ve received total payments of $1,282,500. ($64,125 X 20 years).  This means they’ve earned 28% from their income rider in 25 years.  They put in 1 million and received a $1,282,500. This is less than 1% annually! Often times they’ll illustrate performance from 1987 which is biased. The late 80’s and 90’s had some of the best performance in stock market history. If this performance isn’t repeated the illustrations would be completely different.  This shows how you really didn’t earn 7% in those years. It was a trick the insurance company played on you. Please don’t be tricked. Run a financial plan so you can see through the smoke and mirrors.  This is something we can help you do for free here at annuityedu.com, just reach out to us and ask. Our mission is to help retirees educate themselves so they can make the best decisions for their retirement and not the insurance companies! This annuity may still have a role, it depends on your overall circumstance, risk tolerance, and rate of return you need in retirement.     Understanding the Surrender ChargeContract Year1234567ThereafterWithdrawal Charge8.5%7.5%6.5%5.5%5%4%2%0%Investment optionsThe Jackson Perspective IIThe freedom to choose. Jackson has over 90 investment options to choose from and does not limit you. This is definitely a strong point on this variable annuity. This is good for investors. The potential problem to consider is investing too conservatively inside this model.  Especially when choosing the income rider. The higher fees and lower returns more conservative allocations can make, it’s likely that the returns you experience will not keep up with inflation.An Important aspect about this Jackson Perspective II Annuity for fixed Income Allocation.What are some of the benefits of the Jackson National Perspective II with lifeguard freedom rider 7 Annuity?The benefits of the base annuity mortality and expense charge also known as M&E of 1.15% and administration charge of 0.15%.  This means that the total cost of the Perspective II without the Freedom Flex rider are 1.30% annually. The Lifeguard Freedom Flex that adds the 7% rollup add an additional 1.5%.  That brings the expenses up to 2.8% annually but we haven’t discussed the fee’s inside the funds. The funds have expenses ranging from 0.55% to a maximum of 2.18%.  If we assume an average expense of 1.20% for the funds, that brings the total expenses for the annuity up to 4% annually! It’s for this reason to make sure that this annuity is appropriate for you before buying. It can be hard for an account to perform with a 4% drag on it.  Also note that Jackson National has the option to increase the fee on the rider up to 3% annually from 1.5%.  At the higher rider expense, total expenses would be approximately 5.5% annually.Are you considering a Conservative, Moderate or Balanced allocation within the Annuity with the Lifeguard Freedom Flex 7?If so this is a must-read section. Due to the high fee’s it’ll be difficult to make money in the conservative allocation especially with the rider. If growing your capital base is important to you while taking income then continue reading. Interest rates are low if your fixed income portfolio is earning 2% but paying over 3% in fee’s. You’ll be losing 1% in that portfolio of your retirement. Investors might do this to reduce volatility but you  want to ask yourself if you’d prefer to lose 1% on that portion, maintain a long-term view, and knowing that the guarantees of the annuity are there in the worst-case scenario.The fixed income portion losses will affect the total performance in a negative way. Current aggregate bond index is earning around 2-2.5%.  We’re not sure how long rates will stay this low so it’s something to consider especially if you want to grow your principal. It’s for this reason this annuity will likely perform best when weighted more aggressively in equities. While having more money in equities can create more volatility. The income rider guarantee is most valuable when invested more aggressively.The Jackson Lifeguard Freedom Flex 7 isn’t as valuable when invested more conservatively.  If we’re going to have a feature that’s costing you money but it guarantees you lifetime income your minus will grow.  If the stock market were to experience a great depression loss of 90% and didn’t recover for a long period of time that Income Rider would help dramatically. So it’s up to your investment to make up for the fees and go for the upside while you can. The income riders’ value comes in its ability to allow you to withdraw 5% as long as you live. Remember you can pull 5% out of a cash investment earnings 0% for 20 years before withdrawing all your principal.     Where it works Best:Producing a pension like lifetime guaranteed income stream. Those looking for moderate capital appreciation but in which guaranteed lifetime income is important. Conservative investors who need guarantees to dip into stock market based investmentsWhere it works Worst:Those looking to have high levels of capital appreciationWho want maximum capital appreciationFor those who want minimal volatility and may choose conservative investment optionsAnnuityEdu’s Summary on the Jackson National Perspective II with lifeguard freedom rider 7 AnnuityOverall, Jackson National Perspective II with lifeguard freedom rider 7 has some good features and some important aspects that you need to understand before buying. The largest problem I have is that retirees are likely buying this annuity thinking they are earning the 7% Guaranteed and they’re not. These annuities will typically earn much less than the 7% return.  The fees can be a large drag on performance. So, consider that when reviewing your retirement income strategy. Understand the rate of return you need in retirement. Then you can see about positioning investments to reach the rate of return you need to live the lifestyle of your dreams!To Conclude If your financial plan says you need 7% annually in retirement don’t think you can just buy Jackson National Perspective II with lifeguard freedom rider 7 and earn 7% guaranteed and that all the investing and Retirement planning you need to do is done. You’ll need a comprehensive retirement income analysis that factors inflation, taxes, and your investment positioning to see if the annuity adds value to your retirement. Get a Retirement Income Analysis done before buying.  It’s something we do for free here at Annuityedu.com.Click here to receive an AnnuityEdu Retirement Income Analysis. (Done by Annuityedu’s CFP Professional) This will show the true rate of return of the annuity in your specific circumstance, and help you understand your retirement strengths, weaknesses, and opportunities. And also, help you decide whether an annuity is right for you and which annuity types are best for your needs.  If you’re within 1-10 years of Retirement this type of Analysis is important and a must for anyone who is serious about retirement. Don’t have an insurance agent plan your retirement and if you did at least get a 2nd opinion.Have Questions on Jackson National Perspective II with lifeguard freedom rider 7 Annuity? Have any comments? Do you have any questions that you can’t seem to find the answer here on our website? [You can send us your questions here via our Free Annuity Help contact form]. We hope you found it helpful as you’re conducting your own research on Jackson National Perspective II with lifeguard freedom rider 7. We hope you enjoy a plentiful retirement. For any questions or if you need clarity about the Jackson National Perspective II with lifeguard freedom rider 7 Annuity, reach out to us by email or by phone.  All the best, AnnuityEdu.com   Jackson National Perspective II with Lifeguard Freedom Rider 7 Review    AnnuityEdu    2017-07-27T18:01:21+00:00  Fidelity & Guaranty Life Prosperity Elite Series: Protection Package Prosperity Elite 10 Review  Gallery   Fidelity & Guaranty Life Prosperity Elite Series: Protection Package Prosperity Elite 10 Review Annuity review Fidelity & Guaranty Life Prosperity Elite Series: Protection Package Prosperity Elite 10 ReviewFidelity & Guaranty Life Prosperity Elite Series: Protection Package Prosperity Elite 10 ReviewThis review is meant to show you the strengths and weaknesses of the Fidelity & Guaranty Life Prosperity Elite Series: Protection Package Prosperity Elite 10. I’ll also go into the details you need to know in regards to the Income rider and how to find out if it’s worth it for you. As with all annuities, they work very well doing some aspects and poorly at others. I’ll walk through the details of how Fidelity & Guaranty Life Prosperity Elite Series works, so you can know what to expect. In this review we’ll coverProduct Type Fees Current Rates Investment options that are available and their realistic long term investment return expectations Understanding the 18% Bonus Understanding the guaranteed 6% income rider and its true value How the death benefit works Help you as part of your financial plan How it is most poorly used as part of your financial planYou can learn more about this from www.home.fglife.com Fidelity & Guaranty Life Prosperity Elite Series Fixed Indexed Annuity Quick FactsProduct NameProsperity Elite 10 ProtectionIssuerFidelity & Guaranty Life Insurance CompanyType of ProductFixed Indexed AnnuityStandard & Poor’s Rating“BBB” (Good)Phone Number1-888-513-8797Websitewww.home.fglife.comHow do Agents Typically Pitch This Product? As a way to get a high level of Guaranteed Lifetime IncomeTo get 6% Guaranteed growth every year you don’t take incomeGuaranteed growth with market upside potentialTo receive a 7% upfront bonus!To get market upside with potential to lock in gainsPrincipal protection over a 10-year period while going for growthTo get tax deferred accumulation Is any of this True?Things aren’t’ always what they seem on surface! Dig into the details because much of the guaranteed growth part is false and very misleading. The truth is that actual returns are very low with this annuity.  It’s strongest in Death benefit and Income but the income is still much lower than the 6% guaranteed number. A good part about of this annuity is that if you pass away then the you can get the income base as a death benefit. While death benefit may fit your goals it’s also important to consider the benefits to you if you live an average or longer life.Welcome to AnnuityEdu where you can find unbiased annuity reviews, a perspective you can trust.If it happens that you’re on this website for the first time. We’re dedicated to helping you with a second opinion viewpoint so to help you see through some of sales pitches that aren’t what they seem. We hope with the information we provide you’ll be better educated to make an informed decision before you buy. Before we go in the details, please read this legal disclosure.This review is meant to be an independent review at the request of readers, so they could see my perspective as a when breaking down the positives and negatives of this model annuity.  This is an independent product review, not a recommendation to buy or sell an annuity. Fidelity & Guaranty Life has not endorsed this review in any way, nor do I receive any compensation for this review. Before purchasing any investment, product be sure to do your own due diligence and consult a properly licensed professional, should you have specific questions as they relate to your individual circumstances. This is not meant to be specific advice and your advisor may know more about your circumstances to make an appropriate recommendation. All names, marks, and materials used for this review are property of their respective owners.Information about Fidelity & Guaranty Life Fidelity & Guaranty Life strives to create a culture that rewards workplace engagement, teamwork and results. They focus their efforts on activities that benefit the long-term interests of policyholders, shareholders, and the community. Fidelity & Guaranty Life along with its employees is 100% dedicated to giving back to the community through charitable donations and volunteer work. In addition to financial support for the community, employees enjoy giving their time toward worthy causes in the cities where they work. The Baltimore community has participated in the annual “Rebuilding Together” project for many years now wherein employees and their families volunteer time and materials to refurbish Baltimore-area homes for needy families in the community. In Iowa, FGL employees have participated in volunteer events such as packing meals for Meals from the Heartland. These meals are shipped all over the world and are a key factor in fighting starvation and hunger. A question to ask yourself is“Will this annuity combined with your other assets provide the returns you need to maintain your lifestyle?” This is what Retirement planning annuity analysis is all about.  If you have an agent who’s telling you that this annuity is earning 6% guaranteed you need to understand the truth. My goal is to help you understand more about the details and exactly what you can expect, so you can see deeper into an overly simplified sales pitch.The questions a retiree should be asking themselves are:How does this 6% Guaranteed Growth for Prosperity Elite fixed indexed annuity benefit my financial Plan? What’s the real rate of return that it adds to my family? The Income rider for the Fidelity & Guaranty life Prosperity Elite 10 has a cost of 0.95%. Annually this is currently around 30% of cap rates. In other words, the fee is 30% of upside you’ll get so this is something important we’ll consider whether the fee is worth the benefit.The Income rider offers a 6% compounded return to guaranteed withdrawal value, 6% Guaranteed Growth!? Not so fast. This is not money you can just walk away with but you must withdrawal according the annuities rules.   If the F&G Guaranteed Income rider really isn’t earning 6% what return is it earning?Let’s breakdown the numbers you need to know. We’ll start looking at the guaranteed income portion then we’ll look at the accumulation value investment options. We’ll use an example of a 66-year-old male utilizing a joint income rider benefit for his 59-year-old wife.  He’s been told by his agent that he’s going to get an 18% bonus and 6% guaranteed growth of his income base for the first 10 years before he takes income. His goal is take lifetime guaranteed in year 10. He makes a premium payment of $263,000 in year one.  Immediately his GMWB income base value increases 18% to $310,340 by the time year 10 when he wants to begin withdrawing his income base is up $444,013.  This allows him to begin withdrawing $20,439 for him and his wife guaranteed for the rest of your life.What does all this mean to you?After 10 years of deferring the F&G Elite Pro Annuity and after 10 years of withdrawing 20,439 of lifetime annual income, we’ve now owned this annuity for 20 years and have received a total of $200,000 in lifetime payments. This means that you haven’t made a positive return after 20 years but you have paid around 19% in fees.  At this point you’re 86 years old and past the average life expectancy. I figured the 19% in fees by calculating the 0.95% fee multiplied by 20 years. Understand what the insurance companies are doing when they offer you to delay your payments for your future 6% increases in income base value. They’re looking at life expediencies and they know that their promise to pay you is getting less from a mortality standpoint. It’s not always best to defer and these annuities are earning nowhere near the 6% guaranteed growth.  If we haven’t made any money in the 1st 20 years when do we make money and do we ever earn 6% is a common question we often get here at AnnuityEdu.comAfter withdrawing guaranteed lifetime for 30 years you’ve received 408,000 with a deposit of 260,000.  At this point you’re 96 years old have earned a total return of 55%.  This is an average annual return of under 2% compounded per year!  Nowhere near the 6% guaranteed that they make it seem.  So, if you have an agent that’s telling otherwise you may need a new advisor.  If you understand the numbers and can afford this low a return in retirement then this annuity may be good for you.      What about the the Fidelity & Guaranty Life Prosperity Elite Series index option performance?Fidelity & Guaranty Life Prosperity Elite Series has very weak performance according to the current cap rates you should not expect to earn more than 3% annually and likely less.F&G Elite Index Option with CapsS&P 1 Year, monthly average with cap   Current cap      3.25%S&P 1 year annual point to point with cap  current cap 3.00%Gold Annual Point to Point    3.25%S&P 1 year monthly point to point with  cap Current cap 1.50%S&P 1 year fixed declared rate on index gain  2.50%The annual point to point with a cap is the most common and easiest to understand method.  The highest this strategy would’ve returned over the last 20 years would’ve been 1.19% annually. That was 2005-2015.  If you’re expecting and needing higher returns in retirement then you  may want to reconsider utilizing this annuity.      Where it works best:Producing a pension like lifetime Guaranteed Income Stream with the Income Rider Those looking to earn less then 2% on their capital Who want to make sure they never lose their principal and will to accept safety over return Where it works worst:Looking for moderate to maximum growth Who need a return on their investment in the first decade of retirement if using income rider Those who need a return of over 2% annually in retirement to maintain their lifestyleTo ConcludeOverall, Fidelity & Guaranty Life Prosperity Elite Series has more bad features then good ones in my Opinion.  The cap are and index return are extremely low.  The attempts to make up for it with 18% bonus but the returns are to slow still for most investor’s needs. The Fidelity & Guaranty Life Prosperity Elite Series annuity comes in 3 different surrender charges 7, 10 and 14 year. This review was on the 10 year but they’re all pretty similar. What concerns me is the low internal rate of return and I feel many agents and retiree’s may think that they’re really earning a 6% return when they’re not.  If you think you’re earning 6% but you’re really not this can having horrific consequences to the your retirement success and may cause a premature depletion of your capital and purchasing power. In order to avoid this it’s important to test this annuity versus various others to see which one fits your goals and objectives the most.  This is something we do for free here at annuityedu.com.  The only way to know if this annuity is a good fit for you is to have it tested.We’ll use our proprietary calculator to illustrate for you how this annuity will likely perform in your specific situation.   Click here to Test my Annuity, If your agent was honest with you, the numbers will match up – if not, well at least you know all of the important information before you buy. Have Questions on the Fidelity & Guaranty Life Prosperity Elite Series? Have any comments?Do you have any questions that you can’t seem to find the answer here on our website? [You can send us your questions here via our Free Annuity Help contact form].Purchasing an annuity is often an irreversible decision. Usually you’ll  have high surrender fee’s if you change your mind after you buy. We hope you found it helpful as you’re conducting your own research on Fidelity & Guaranty Annuity.  Thank you for visiting our site.If you still have questions about this annuity, or you’re an investor that’s still confused about the Fidelity & Guaranty Annuity. You can reach out to us by email.  We can’t  always respond right away, but we strive to respond within 24 hours. All the best, AnnuityEdu.com  Fidelity & Guaranty Life Prosperity Elite Series: Protection Package Prosperity Elite 10 Review    AnnuityEdu    2017-06-30T20:30:58+00:00  AIG Polaris Platinum III Annuity Review  Gallery   AIG Polaris Platinum III Annuity Review Annuity review AIG Polaris Platinum III Annuity ReviewAIG Polaris Platinum III Annuity ReviewToday’s review is on the AIG Polaris Platinum III Annuity. The AIG Polaris is described as the “total retirement package by AIG. We’ll review this AIG Polaris Platinum III Annuity so you can see and understand all the details. This is a variable annuity so it’s important to understand the fee and benefit information to make sure it’s the best retirement strategy for you and not your advisor. Product Type Fees Investment options that are available and their realistic long term investment return expectations Understanding the income rider How it can best help you as part of your financial plan How it’s most poorly used as part of your financial planAIG Polaris Platinum III Annuity Quick FactsProduct NamePolaris Platinum III Variable AnnuityIssuerAmerican International GroupType of ProductVariable AnnuityStandard & Poor’s Rating“A+” (Excellent)Phone Number1-800-888-2452Websitewww.aig.com/individual/insurance/lifeThere are a few ways that Agents might pitch this productGet guaranteed lifetime incomeTo get 6% growth and pursue market upsideBe able to withdraw 7% for the rest of your life no matter what the market doesTo be able to be in the stock market while at the same time have guaranteed lifetime income.How Much of This is True?The are some parts that are true but other it’s important to know the details.The AIG Polaris Platinum III Annuity will guarantee your life time income however there’s a withdrawal rates and guaranteed lifetime rate that I see people getting confused with.  The withdrawal rates are not the same as the lifetime income. You can utilize the withdrawal rate but if the you deplete the account then they’ll guarantee you the lifetime amount.You can learn more by downloading the prospectus by clicking here Prospectus downloadMany retirees have been forced into risky investments due to low interest rates. Variable Annuities with guaranteed income riders such as the AIG Polaris Platinum III Annuity have been very popular in recent years. These Annuity guarantees however come at a cost. Often these costs are worth it but in others they’re not. It can depend on your risk tolerance, financial objectives, and time frame. This review is designed to help give you more information so you can decide of whether it’s worth it for you.Welcome to AnnuityEdu where you can find unbiased annuity reviews, a perspective you can trust.If it happens that you’re on this website for the first time. We’re dedicated to helping you with a second opinion viewpoint so to help you see through some of sales pitches that aren’t what they seem. We hope with the information we provide you’ll be better educated to make an informed decision before you buy. Before we go into detail, here is an important disclosureThis review of Polaris Platinum III Variable Annuity is meant to be an independent review at the request of readers, in addition, so they could see my perspective as a Certified Financial Planner CFP®, Designee when breaking down the positives and negatives of this particular model annuity. This is an independent product review, not a recommendation to buy or sell an annuity. AIG Polaris Platinum has not endorsed this review in any way, nor do I receive any compensation for this review. Before purchasing any investment product be sure to do your own due diligence and consult a properly licensed professional, should you have specific questions, as they relate to your individual circumstances.  This is not meant to be specific advice and your advisor may know more about your circumstances to make an appropriate recommendation.  All names, marks, and materials used for this review are property of their respective owners.Information on AIGFounded in 1919, American International Group, Inc. (AIG) is a leading global insurance organization serving commercial, institutional, and individual customers in more than 100 countries and jurisdictions.They work to pinpoint risks and prevent them from becoming losses so clients are free to create the future; they help clients identify unseen risks—and stop accidents before they happen. For nearly one hundred years, the organization has faced and managed complex risks; and provided the risk expertise and financial strength that empowers 90 million clients in more than 100 countries. Today, they’re evolving to better meet client needs. According to AIG “They’re simplifying their structure so that they work more closely with clients, provide greater transparency, and deliver value faster and more efficiently.As with most Variable Annuities the AIG Polaris fees are an important area to analyze.The fees on this annuity are its primary drawback and you should analyze the fees to see if the benefits that the fee’s provide are worth it.The AIG Polaris base control fee is 1.30% for joint life benefit. Then you pay 1.30% for the fee’s inside the funds. This is with no riders. Often times advisors will recommend this annuity for tax deferral with no rider but then it’s important to see if the fee’s you pay might be more than the taxes. With the Polaris income-less daily rider that will run you an additional 1.10% for single and 1.35%  bring the total annual fee’s to 3.9%. This over a 10-year period is 39%. This can really add up over your retirement period and will be a drag on performance.  It can be a lot especially if you have too much of your nest egg tied up it’ll be like running with huge weight tied to you.     Let’s see if it the benefits that it might provide are worth the higher fees.Contract Year1234567ThereafterWithdrawal Charge8%7%6%5%4%3%2%0%Are you considering a conservative or Moderate allocation within the Annuity?An Important aspect about this AIG Polaris Platinum III Annuity for fixed Income Allocation’s.Conservative or moderate allocations have a high percentage in bonds. With rates so low the fixed income portion of the portfolio will be losing money. For example, the aggregate bond index is currently yielding 2%. If the fees are 3.6% then you’ll be using the interest to pay the annuities fees. In other words, AIG and your advisor will be making more money on the bonds then you will! Yes high yield bonds can earn more than 3.9% but odds are high yield bonds won’t make up that large of a percentage of your portfolio. For this reason, it makes more sense to have a higher equity allocation.If you’re extremely conservative and even with the annuities guarantees you want to be in bonds, then the rider fee’s will eat away on your interest and you may want to consider taking a long term view and accepting more volatility in order to get your money’s worth! This annuity does have a good option to maintain the equity exposure while having the living benefits which is a big plus.What are some of the benefits of the AIG Polaris Annuity?The benefits of the base annuity mortality and expense charge also known as M&E of 1.30% allow you to switch around with multiple money managers at no cost. The base also gives you the tax deferral of an annuity.  If you’re in a tax sheltered account already then this doesn’t give you any benefit. The annuity has b shares which add another 1.3% in fees. The AIG Polaris annuity already has 2.6% in annual fee’s without the rider. The lifetime income rider adds an additional 1.10% for the single life option and 1.35% for the joint income life option. These can change up to a maximum 2.20% for single life and 2.70% for joint life. The base annuity is expensive and if you’re looking for growth the fees will weigh you down. Let’s look at the annuity’s income rider which is where things get more confusing and it’s important to understand the numbers so you can make this decision.There are 3 Income riders availablePolaris Income Plus®Offers guaranteed lifetime income plus the opportunity to increase income by locking in the greater of either the contract’s Highest Anniversary Value, or an annual Income Credit. If you elect Polaris Income Plus, you may choose from Income Options 1, 2 or 3. The annual 6% Income Credit is an amount we may add to the Income Base each year for the first 12 Benefit Years. The 6% Income Credit is reduced but not eliminated in any benefit year in which cumulative withdrawals are less than 6% of the Income Base and not greater than the Maximum Annual Withdrawal Amount applicable to the income option you elected, thereby providing a guarantee that income can increase during the first 12 years even after starting withdrawals. After the first 12 years, only the Highest Anniversary Value increase may be available. In addition, if you do not take any withdrawals during the first 12 years, you’ll be eligible for the Minimum Income Base on the 12th Benefit Year Anniversary. The Minimum Income Basis equal to 200% of the first Benefit Year’s Purchase Payments.If you’re expecting to be able to walk away with the 6% then you’ll be disappointed. The income base is for determining your income value and not you’re cash value. Their using life expectancy tables to know that their promise to pay you is getting less in terms of years so every year you don’t take income AIG is willing to give you more.   This annuity will typically earn much less then 6%.  Polaris Income Builder®Offers guaranteed lifetime income and the opportunity to increase income by locking in the greater of either the contract’s Highest Anniversary Value, or an annual Income Credit. The annual 5% Income Credit is an amount we may add to the Income Base each year for the first 12 Benefit Years. The 5% Income Credit is only available in years when no withdrawals are taken. After the first 12 years, only the Highest Anniversary Value increase may be available. In addition, if you do not take any withdrawals during the first 12 years, you will be eligible for the Minimum Income Base on the 12th Benefit Year Anniversary. The Minimum Income Base is equal to 200% of the first Benefit Year’s Purchase Payments.Polaris Income Plus DailySMOffers guaranteed lifetime income plus the opportunity to increase income by locking in Step-up Values. Prior to the first withdrawal, Income Base step-ups, if any, occur on a daily basis. After the first withdrawal, Income Base step-ups, if any, occur only on Benefit Year Anniversaries, looking back at the prior Benefit Year’s Step-up Values. If you elect Polaris Income Plus Daily, you may choose from Income Options 1, 2, or 3.For Polaris Income Plus and Polaris Income Builder only, an amount that may be added to the Income Base during the Income Credit Period as shown in the following table:Income Credit Availability Optional Living BenefitIncome Credit (as a percentage of the Income Credit Base)Polaris Income Plus6%Available during the first 12 Benefit Years — the Income Credit is reduced in years withdrawals are takenPolaris Income Builder5%Available during the first 12 Benefit Years — the Income Credit is eliminated in years any withdrawal is takenPolaris Income Plus DailyNot availableNot available   Where it works Best:Producing a pension like lifetime guaranteed income stream. Those looking for moderate capital appreciation but in which guaranteed lifetime income is important. Conservative investors who need guarantees to dip into stock market based investmentsWhere it works Worst:Those looking to receive 7% return for lifeThose who need liquidity.Who want maximum capital appreciationFor those who want minimal volatility and may choose conservative investment optionsAnnuity Edu’s Summary on the AIG Polaris Platinum III AnnuityOverall this annuity has some good features and others to just make sure your aware of going in. The Surrender charge period of 10 years is low relative to other in it’s class. I also like AIG allows up to 81% equity exposure on some of the options even with the guaranteed Riders. This is a big benefit and other companies don’t offer this. The part I don’t like is that insurance companies can increase the fees on the riders dramatically. Another part is to make sure you understand that the 6% guaranteed income isn’t money you can just walk away with. Their marketing material makes it seem you can withdraw up to 7% for life. It’s up to 7% annual withdrawals until it runs out of money and it drops dramatically.  To ConcludeIf your financial plan says you need 6% annually in retirement, don’t think you can buy the AIG Polaris get 6% guaranteed and all the investing and Retirement planning you need is done. You’ll need a comprehensive retirement income analysis that factors inflation, taxes, and your investment positioning to see if the annuity adds value to your retirement. Get a Retirement Income Analysis done before buying.  We do this for free at Annuityedu.com. My concern is that agents use sales tactics to sell and are likely overstating the internal rate of return this annuity will provide. Just because the income base increases by 6% in years you don’t take income doesn’t mean this annuity is earning 6%. If your advisor is saying it’s earning 6% Guaranteed, contact us and we’ll show you the numbers so you can go back to your advisor with an intelligent response.Click here to Test my Annuity. If your agent was honest with you, the numbers will match up – if not, well at least you know before you buy. Make sure this annuity fits into your financial plan. Often an annuity may be right for you. Make sure you understand the true rate of return that the income rider delivers and whether the high costs are worth it. Have Questions on AIG Polaris Platinum III Annuity? Have any comments?Do you have any questions that you can’t seem to find the answer here on our website? [You can send us your questions here via our Free Annuity Help contact form]. Finally, purchasing an annuity is often an irreversible decision. You’ll have high surrender fee’s if you change your mind after you buy it. Surrender fees cause assets to not be utilized at their fullest potential.We hope you found it helpful as you’re conducting your own research on AIG Polaris Platinum III Annuity. We hope you enjoy a plentiful retirement.For any questions or if you need clarity about the AIG Polaris Platinum III Annuity, reach out to us by email or by phone.  All the best, AnnuityEdu.com      AIG Polaris Platinum III Annuity Review    AnnuityEdu    2017-07-10T19:03:03+00:00  National Western Life Annuity Income Outlook Plus 5  Gallery   National Western Life Annuity Income Outlook Plus 5 Annuity review National Western Life Annuity Income Outlook Plus 5NWL Impact 10 with 7% premium BonusNational Western Life Annuity Income Outlook Plus 5 ReviewThis review is meant to show you the strengths and weaknesses of the National Western Life Annuity Income Outlook Plus 5. I’ll also go into the details you need to know in regards to the Income outlook plus 5 rider and how to find out if it’s worth it for you. As with all annuities, they work very well doing some aspects and poorly at other aspects. I’ll walk through the details of how National Western Life Annuity Income Outlook Plus 5 works, so you can know what to expect. This annuity is often positioned with an income Secure rider, so I’ll go into detail on how the income rider works.Product typeFeesCurrent ratesInvestment options that are available and their Realistic long term investment return expectationsUnderstanding the 7% Bonus!Understanding the Guaranteed 4% income Rider and its true valueHow it can best help you as part of your financial planNational Western Life Annuity Income Outlook Plus 5 Quick FactsProduct NameNWL Impact 10 Income Outlook Plus 5 RiderIssuerNational Western Life Insurance CompanyType of ProductFixed Indexed AnnuityStandard & Poor’s Rating“A” (Strong)Phone Number1-800-922-9422Websitewww.nationalwesternlife.comIs any of this True?In a sense, it is, however, the details are important because things aren’t always what they seem. While many of the statements above are true, they don’t tell the whole story. My goal is to help you understand more about the details and exactly what you can expect, so you can see deeper into an overly simplified sales pitch.The most often misunderstood and misstated by agents is the idea that you get a 4% guaranteed growth in the annuity in years you don’t take income. While it’s true the income base does increase by a guaranteed 4%, understand that this is not the equivalent of earning 4%. You can’t just walk away with the Income Rider’s 4% growth and spend the money. This 4% increases your income value which increases your income by 4% every year you don’t take income.The insurance companies are smart and nobody is guaranteeing 4% right now with interest rates so low so let’s understand how the insurance companies think that way we can make the best decision for our retirement and not the insurance companies!Welcome to AnnuityEdu where you can find unbiased annuity reviews, a perspective you can trust.If it happens that you’re on this website for the first time. We’re dedicated to helping you with a second opinion viewpoint so to help you see through some of sales pitches that aren’t what they seem.   We hope with the information we provide you’ll be  better educated to make an informed decision before you buy.Before we go into detail, here is an important legal disclosure.This review of National Western Life is meant to be an independent review at the request of readers, in addition, so they could see my perspective when breaking down the positives and negatives of this particular model annuity. This is an independent product review, not a recommendation to buy or sell an annuity. National Western has not endorsed this review in any way, nor do I receive any compensation for this review. Before purchasing any investment product be sure to do your own due diligence and consult a properly licensed professional, should you have specific questions, as they relate to your individual circumstances. This is not meant to be specific advice and your advisor may know more about your circumstances to make an appropriate recommendation. All names, marks, and materials used for this review are property of their respective owners.Information about National Western LifeNational Western Life Insurance Company is chartered by the State of Colorado and a wholly owned subsidiary of National Western Life Group, Inc. National Western’s domestic operations extend to forty-nine states, the District of Columbia and four U.S. territories. The Company is also licensed in Haiti and accepts applications at its Home Office in Austin, Texas from – and issues policies to – non-U.S. residents. National Western operations extend globally to domestic and foreign markets.NWL’s mission is to provide high quality insurance products on a global basis to meet the financial security needs of well-defined market segments. They provide professional and friendly service to policyholders and agents and are responsive to the needs of their employees, shareholders and the community.  The Company is publicly traded and trades on the NASDAQ ticker NWLI.See more at www.NationalWesternLife.comHow do agent’s typically Pitch this Product?As a way to get a high level of Guaranteed Lifetime IncomeTo get 4% growth every year you don’t take incomeGuaranteed growth with market upside potentialTo receive a 7% upfront Bonus!To get market upside with potential to lock in gainsPrincipal protection over a 10 year period while going for growthGetting tax deferred accumulationGuaranteed Lifetime Income?This National Western Life Annuity Income Outlook Plus 5 strength, as with most annuities, comes in guaranteeing lifetime income.  National western life insurance company is saying that for every year you get older and don’t take income they’ll give you 4% more. In other words every year you lose 100% in income and according to their life expectancy tables their promise to pay you income for your  lifetime is getting less due to you getting older their willing to give you 4% more. The question is how much is the 4% rider really worth and is worth it for you? Throughout the rest of the review, we’ll go through some factors you should consider when answering that question.What is the National Western Life Annuity Income Outlook Plus 5 Surrender schedule?Contract Year12345678910ThereafterWithdrawal Charge10%10%10%10%10%9%8%6%4%2%0%How much does the National Western Life NWL 10 Rider Cost? As you can see the National Western Life is a 10 year commitment. It’s important to understand all the details before you buy because it has a very unforgiving surrender schedule.The annual cost of the rider is 1.50%. If your account value is 150,000 but your income value 250,000 the fee is 1.50% of your income benefit account which is around 2.5% of the account value.  It’s important to note that this will make it very difficult for the account value to grow especially while taking withdrawals.     As a principal protected way to get up capped market growth?National Western Life Annuity Income Outlook Plus 5 can help you get growth with principal protection. It’s important to note, however, that it’s not the same as being in the market as far the upside. I’ll walk you through the expected return by looking at the rates. This annuity has some of the most complex and confusing crediting methods that I’ve seen on an annuity. To make things worse the company doesn’t show any historical performance of the crediting methods making it very difficult to see what we can expect.There are 4 different Index crediting options.With this National Western Life Annuity Income Outlook Plus 5 the first year participation rates will higher then ongoing participation rates. For example current 1st year participation rates are 75% for option A and 55% for option K.Option A –Indexed Interest rate Annual Rachet with Monthly average-  Any Indexed Interest Earned is calculated from the beginning index Value for each policy year whether higher or lower than the previous year.  All indexed Interest is credited annually on the Policy Anniversary and locked-in.  Future decrease in the Index alone with reduce your financial low.Option B –Fixed Rate—This is similar to fixed annuity but it can float and adjust if rates go up or down. Check your current rate sheet for up to date information.Option C –Indexed Interest rate—Annual rachet with monthly capOption K –Interest on the account value is linked in part to the S&P500- Composite stock index, the Nikkei 225, index and Eurostoxx index. This can change subject to participation rates.Understanding the Income Outlook plus 5 Rider and the 4% compounded growth rate 4% Guaranteed return, sign me up!  Not so fast.It’s important to understand the rate of return this provides to your financial plan when analyzing whether the Income outlook rider is appropriate in helping you reach your financial goals.  To see through the smoke and mirrors, it’s important to test this annuity versus others for the internal rate of return that it provides to you.The way National Western Life gives you 4% every year, you don’t take income is based on mortality tables. They know that every year you don’t take income is a year that their promise to pay your lifetime income is getting less, so they’re willing to give you 4% additional in years that you do take income because they know they’ll on average be required to give you income for less years.The insurance companies are smart and they know their numbers, so it’s important to analyze all your options and know your numbers.  You can do this by testing the annuity for the internal rate of return, so you can make the smartest decision to see if the numbers will provide for you in your financial plan.Scenario 1Here’s and example to explain what I mean. Let’s assume you’re age 65 and you put $100,000 into this National Western Life Impact 10 Annuity with Income outlook plus 5. In the 1st year you’ll receive a 7% bonus and at the end of year 1 year 1 your benefit base will be $116,480 allowing you an annual income of $6,406.40 for life. This means by year 15 you’ve taken $96,096 in income. By the time you’re 80 you haven’t made a positive return on the income feature yet.   Age 80 is also above the life expectancy. Assuming you live to 90 you’ll receive total payments of $160,000 over 25 years. This is a return of 60% over 25 years.Just using simple return, that’s a simple annual return of 2.4% which is much less than the 4% that most agents make it seem you’re getting.  The compounded rate of return on that scenario which gives us much more realistic returns when comparing against other alternatives is 2.02% annually much less then the smoke and mirrors 4%.Scenario 2Another example we can use is if you’re 65 and let it defer for 5 years until age 70. By the time you’ve decided to take income, the income value will be around $136,265.13.  At age 70 you can take 6% withdrawals which are equal to $8,175.91. If you take income for the next 15 years until age 85 years old, you’ll receive total income of 122,638.65. By then you’ve earned 22% over a period of 20 years which is under 1% compounded annually! I don’t think agents fully understand these IRR numbers that you’re reading. It’s a lot easier for them to state the big numbers like 4% compounded growth and 6% withdrawal and hope nobody like me does the math! So did you really make 4% guaranteed in those years? Definitely not.The longer you live, the higher the return you can make, but are you confident that you can afford to make no return in retirement for the first 15 years?National Western Life Income Outlook Plus 5 Annuity may still have a role, but if you’re counting on the 4% income rider to help you hit the 4% return goal that you need, you may want to look elsewhere. Test this annuity, as part of your retirement income plan, to see if it can help you reach your goals. Often an agent may not realize what I’ve just explained to you. Consider that if you pass away, your beneficiaries don’t get the income base value that increases by 4% annually. They may be able to get the joint income value.  Compare this money with other safe alternatives.     Where it Works Best:For Producing a pension like lifetime Guaranteed Income Stream with the Income RiderFor those looking for a conservative growth and want to guarantee their principal over a relatively short 7 year period.Those who want to make sure they never lose their principal and will to accept safety over returnFor those looking for  guaranteed growth to pass money to their heirs  with Inheritance Enhancer or Income Sustainer PlusFor those looking for tax deferral and conservative growthWhere it works worst:Those looking for maximum growthThose who need a return on their investment in the first decade of retirement if using Income riderThose who need a return of over 3% annually in retirement to maintain their lifestyleFor those who want more clarity in how their cash value will performAnnuityEdu’s Summary of the Income Outlook Plus 5 NWL Impact 10 with 7% PremiumNational Western Life Annuity Income Outlook Plus 5 has some good and bad features.  It makes me uneasy that the company doesn’t show historical performance. Also the crediting methods are much more confusing than most annuities. Other companies I’ve seen do show historical performance so I don’t think it’s a legal or compliance issue.  It makes me think why don’t they want to show performance? What do they have to hide.Relative to many annuities on the market, the 10-year surrender is standard. National Western Life has a high amount of income relative to other carriers. Especially with the bonus but overall the internal rate of return is still very low.This annuity is best for conservative growth. Also, for guaranteeing lifetime income that you can’t outlive no matter how long you live. This annuity should outperform cash and perform.Buying an Annuity is a long-standing commitment and the decisions you make will determine your success in retirement. It’s imperative to test this annuity versus various others to see which fits your goals and objectives the most. This is something we offer free here at annuityedu.com.To ConcludeUnfortunately, I believe many agents think that the 4% roll up rate is the rate of return and may not fully understand the real returns that they’ll deliver to you. We’ll use our proprietary calculator to illustrate for you how this annuity will likely perform in your specific situation.Click here to Test my Annuity.If your agent was honest with you, the numbers will match up – if not, well at least you know all of the vital information before you buy.Have Questions on National Western Life Annuity Income Outlook Plus 5? Have any comments?Do you have any questions that you can’t seem to find the answer here on our website? [You can send us your questions here via our Free Annuity Help contact form]. Purchasing an annuity is often an irreversible decision. Usually you’ll  have high surrender fee’s if you change your mind after you buy.We hope you found it helpful as you’re conducting your own research on National Western Life Annuity Income Outlook Plus 5.  Thank you for visiting our site.If you still have questions about this annuity, or you’re an investor that’s still confused about the National Western Life Annuity Income Outlook Plus 5. You can reach out to us by email.  We can’t always respond right away, but we strive to respond within 24 hours.  All the best, AnnuityEdu.com  National Western Life Annuity Income Outlook Plus 5    AnnuityEdu    2017-07-10T19:19:29+00:00  Athene Ascent 10 Bonus 2.0 Fixed Indexed Annuity Review  Gallery   Athene Ascent 10 Bonus 2.0 Fixed Indexed Annuity Review Annuity review Athene Ascent 10 Bonus 2.0 Fixed Indexed Annuity ReviewAthene Ascent 10 bonus 2.0 Fixed Indexed Annuity ReviewToday’s review is on the Athene Ascent 10 Bonus 2.0 Fixed Indexed Annuity. The Purpose of this review is to show you where Athene Ascent 10 Bonus 2.0 Fixed Indexed Annuity is strong and where it has weaknesses. That way you can make an informed decision, considering all available facts.Product typeFeesInvestment options that are available and their Realistic long term investment return expectationsUnderstanding the income riderHow it can best help you as part of your financial planHow it’s most poorly used as part of your financial planAthene Ascent 10 Bonus 2.0 Fixed Indexed Annuity Quick FactsProduct NameAthene Ascent 10 Bonus 2.0 AnnuityIssuerAthene Life Insurance CompanyType of ProductFixed Indexed AnnuityStandard & Poor’s Rating“A-” (Excellent)Phone Number888-800-9882Websitewww.atheneannuity.comIs any of this true?Some of it is, but we must understand the details of how it works, things aren’t always what they seem.First of all, we’ll understand the base annuity and the investment options that are available. This will help us put the pitch of market similar growth with zero downside to the test. Then, we’ll walk through the income rider and guaranteed 10% increase in the income base, so that we see exactly how it works and you can compare with what you’ve been told.Athene Ascent 10 Bonus 2.0 Fixed Indexed Annuity is a long term commitment with high penalties if you take your money out early. Also, the bonus isn’t fully vested until the last year.Welcome to AnnuityEdu where you can find unbiased annuity reviews, a perspective you can trust.If it happens that you’re on this website for the first time. We’re dedicated to helping you with a second opinion viewpoint so to help you see through some of sales pitches that aren’t what they seem. We hope with the information we provide you’ll be  better educated to make an informed decision before you buy.Before we go into detail, here is an important legal disclosure.  This review of Athene Ascent 10 Bonus 2.0 Fixed Indexed Annuity is meant to be an independent review at the request of readers, in addition, so they could see my perspective when breaking down the positives and negatives of this particular model annuity. This is an independent product review, not a recommendation to buy or sell an annuity. Athene has not endorsed this review in any way, nor do I receive any compensation for this review. Before purchasing any investment product be sure to do your own due diligence and consult a properly licensed professional, should you have specific questions, as they relate to your individual circumstances. This is not meant to be specific advice and your advisor may know more about your circumstances to make an appropriate recommendation. All names, marks, and materials used for this review are property of their respective owners.Information on AtheneAthene Ascent Annuity has 22,300 independent Agents with 1.1 million active policies. In 2013,  they acquired Aviva Life insurance company.  Although their name is relatively new, the companies they’ve acquired has a proven track record of serving customers for more than 100 years.This annuity can be broken down into 2 parts. The base annuity and the base annuity with the Guaranteed lifetime income rider. As a result, you may be recommended either with or without the income rider.The Athene Ascent Annuity Income Rider has an annual cost additional of 1%.There are a few ways that Agents might pitch this product.As a way to get guaranteed Lifetime incomeAs a way to get uncapped  market growth to but with zero downside risk with a 10% upfront bonusTo create an inflation adjusted lifetime incomeTo receive a 10% guaranteed GrowthContract Year12345678910Withdrawal Charge12.0%12.0%12.0%11.0%10.0%9.0%8.0%7.0%6.0%4.0%Premium Bonus Vesting Charges0%0%0%0%0%0%20%40%60%80% There may be similar versions of this annuity product with annuity surrender schedules lower or higher than this exact model.The Investment options and potential growth for the Athene Ascent AnnuityDoes the Athene Ascent Annuity really earn 10% Guaranteed Growth with the Income Rider?The Income Base of the Annuity is guaranteed to increase by 10% every year you delay taking income for the 1st 10 years. After the first 10 years, it increases by 5% from then on. Wait…did you say 10% guaranteed!? Sign me up. Hold on! it’s not really earning 10% guaranteed. While this guaranteed amount of increase can seem tempting, understand how it fits into your financial plan and what is the return it adds. Also, if that return is sufficient to have your money last through your retirement.What I mean is, even though it increases 10% every year, it’s only after you lose 100% of annual income first. Every year, we all get 1 year closer to passing away, so the insurance companies are using mortality tables to determine that their promise to pay us is getting less every year, so they’ll guarantee 10% more for every year we don’t take income.Before making a long-term decision, understand 10% guaranteed increase is in income base. Which is money you can’t just walk away with and not money your beneficiaries get, or go make another investment with, or spend at once, and not even in a few years. You must take income with the specified withdrawal rate in the contract. What is the real return that 10% gives you? I’ll break down the significant aspects you need to know.Scenario 1In this example, a male age 61 invests $100,000 in the Athene Ascent 10 Bonus 2.0 Fixed Indexed Annuity and plans to defer it until age 66 when he retires. 10% annual guaranteed roll up will be credited to him. At age 66 his account has an income guarantee of $160,000 and his lifetime withdrawal rate of that value is 5.10%. This guarantees him 5.1% or 8,160 annually for the rest of his life. That’s the way he must access the 160,000. He cannot take a lump sum of that $160,000.After taking lifetime income for 15 years and owning the annuity for 20 years, he has received $122,400 total from his annuity 25 years, this is under 2% annually compounded return. Still confused? I’m going to break this down further, so you can see just what I mean and make the best decision for you, not your agent!A common Question I often get is “If I don’t earn 10% per year What return does the 10% guaranteed rider earn me?!”This is the best way to help you understand. Lets say you just took income right away from this annuity and don’t earn the 10% Guaranteed “return” or increase in income value.  At Age 61, you would be guaranteed a 4.6% rate withdrawal rate and an account value of $110,000 with the 10% bonus give you a $5,160 Annually for life. After 15 years, you’ve received $77,000 back therefore after 20 years from your deposit, you’ve received $103,200 income hence you’re age 81 after receiving income 20 years.In comparison to when the deferring it for 5 years income, increasing by the 10%  you received $122,400 back, so the defer for longer scenario yielded approximately 17% total income spread over a 20 year period. This is much lower then the 50% implied growth from the 5 years of a 10% guaranteed increase!If you were to live male life expectancy, however, and do the first 15 years on the 5 year deferral scenario, then you’ll receive $81,000 in total income, which is around a 6% total additional return against a 50% implied 5 years of return.Does this match up to what you’ve been told?It’s  extremely important to also compare the opportunity cost of utilizing other assets to satisfy income needs in the years you are deferring. If the wrong return assumptions are utilized, you or your adviser may be selling the wrong assets first in retirement based on the wrong return assumptions.  For example, if you truly believe that this annuity is earning 10%, you may defer this annuity for a very long time and sell assets that are truly earnings 5 to 8 % real rate of return.  This can be very damaging to your ability to maintain your lifestyle in retirement and you may be forced to downsize. Does your adviser understand  this concept?  You might want to ask and double check before investing.Does the Athene Ascent 10 Bonus 2.0 Fixed Indexed Annuity inflation adjusted income really keep up with inflation?The problem with the inflation adjustment is that you start off lower than if you didn’t choose the inflation adjustment. For example, utilizing the same scenario as above you would start income at age 66 at $5,704 annually and it would take you over 12 years of 3% growth to receive the $8,160 you would’ve received day one without inflation.COLAMany of the pensions for government employees have COLA.’s. This stands for Cost of Living Adjustment and increases by 2-3% annually. Having a COLA is a huge advantage and increases the total return of the annuity over the full retirement period dramatically, unfortunately this annuity won’t do that because it starts off so low.Athene Ascent 10 Bonus 2.0 Fixed Indexed Annuity, once you begin taking income, will have a very low probability of ever increasing to keep up with inflation, so if you’ve heard differently you may want to reconsider where you’re getting advice. In order to do that, rate of return in the investment account would have to consistently outperform the withdrawal rate % and that’s never happened. This isn’t to say if you really understand how Athene Ascent Annuity works and accept that it will perform in this way, but want to make sure you know and can afford to have this low of a return in much of their assets, which most retirees can’t. Can you afford that low of a return and still maintain your lifestyle in retirement? The only way to tell is run the numbers. Test your annuity and how it behaves in your financial plan.Now that we understand how the guaranteed income rider works. We’ll talk about how the non-Guaranteed parts of the annuity work and their historical performance. Investment options will determine your account values performance. This is considered the “walk away” portion of your annuity. What type of Performance can I expect from the options?Note that rates may change, so the rates we discuss here may be higher or lower then the rates discussed below due to the potential of changing participation rates.The Investment Indexes are:The BNP 2 year point to point is the one with the highest historical performance. Since it has no cap your agent may brag about the high performance potential. The BNP Historical average index return  with 75% participation rate is 3.94% for the lowest 10 yearsThe annually interest rate for the most recent 10 years period was  3.94% annually.The BNP   annual return for the best 10 years was 4.83% Annually.This is not bad, considering interests rates are low, but if our expecting high stock market returns, you’ll be disappointed. This annuities performance is closer with the performance of bonds then stocks. It also has much less downside risk and volatility then stocks.Athene Ascent Enhanced IncomeUnderstanding the Athene Ascent Enhanced Income is important before deciding. I feel this aspect is often misunderstood and misrepresented. I’ll help you understand the truth, so you can compare against what you’ve been told! Income Benefit (AK, CA, CT, DC, HI, NJ, PA,UT, WA)To qualify for the Enhanced Income Benefit, after a one year waiting period, the persons for whom Lifetime Income Withdrawals are based must be confined to Qualified Care Facility for 180 out of the last 250 Days. If qualifications are met, the Lifetime Income Withdrawal amount will be doubled. The Enhanced Benefit Limit Period is 60 months as long as the eligibility requirements are met and the Accumulated Value is greater than zero.Therefore, this means that’ your income will double for 60 months, but you’ll be drawing down your “walk away” value.     Where it works best:Producing a pension like lifetime guaranteed income stream Looking for conservative growth and want to have a guarantee on their principal over a 10 year investment.To guarantee a lifetime income stream in the futureWhere it works Worst:Those looking for moderate to high Capital appreciationFor those who need liquidity.If you’re looking to outperform inflation by a large degree to maintain your retirement lifestyleAnnuity Edu’s Summary on the Athene Ascent Annuity Bonus 2.0Overall, I think this Fixed Indexed annuity has some good features and some bad ones. The annuity has a high 10% rollup rate and bonus that’s strong when compared to it’s peers. The income rider gives a low internal rate of return. Internal rate of return is more important than roll up return in understanding how it benefits you in retirement. It’s important to know these numbers going in.Buying an Equity Indexed annuity is a long term commitment. It’s important to test this annuity versus various others to see which one fits your goals and objectives the most.  Typically these annuities earn nowhere near the return of the guaranteed 10% rollup income rider amount. This is something we do for free here at Annuityedu.com. Test the annuity to know if it is a good fit for you. We’ll use our proprietary calculator to illustrate for you how this annuity will likely perform in your specific situation.Click here to Test my Annuity. If your agent was honest with you, the numbers will match up – if not, well at least you know before you buy.To ConcludeUnfortunately, advisers may be underestimating how low the returns are over time, especially if choosing one of the riders. That’s why we can help you test the guarantee in your financial plan; for the internal rate of return it provides and see if your plan can handle it.  This isn’t to say that having the riders may not be a good way to meet your financial objectives with a portion of your dollars. It might, but it’s only possible after testing it that you’ll know.Have Questions on Athene Ascent 10 Bonus 2.0 Fixed Indexed Annuity? Have any comments?Do you have any questions that you can’t seem to find the answer here on our website? [You can send us your questions here via our Free Annuity Help contact form]. Finally, purchasing an annuity is often an irreversible decision. You’ll have high surrender fee’s if you change your mind after you buy it. Surrender fees cause assets to not be utilized at their fullest potential.We hope you found it helpful as you’re conducting your own research Athene Ascent 10 Bonus 2.0 Fixed Indexed Annuity. We wish you all the best in your retirement journey!For any questions or if you need clarity about the Athene Ascent 10 Bonus 2.0 Fixed Indexed Annuity, reach out to us by email or by phone All the best,  Annuityedu.com  Athene Ascent 10 Bonus 2.0 Fixed Indexed Annuity Review    AnnuityEdu    2017-07-10T19:01:04+00:00  Riversource Annuity Review Rava 5 Advantage  Gallery   Riversource Annuity Review Rava 5 Advantage Annuity review Riversource Annuity Review Rava 5 AdvantageRiversource Annuity Review Rava 5 AdvantageThis review is meant to show you the strengths and weaknesses of the Riversource Annuity Rava 5 Advantage. As with every investment, variable annuities have their strengths and weaknesses. Each company has unique features, so I’ll walk through my analysis and give you my opinion. I’ll walk through fee information and where I see Riversource Annuity Rava 5 Advantage working well in your financial situation and where I see weakness.  It’s very important that you understand how this annuity truly works by seeing through the sales pitches that aren’t always what they seem. In this review we’ll cover Fee’sSurrender ScheduleWhere this works bestWhere this won’t work goodHistorical returnsMy opinion overall and ratingYou can learn more about this from www.riversource.com and download their prospectus  Riversource RAVA 5 Advantage Variable Annuity ProspectusRiversource Annuity Rava 5 Advantage Quick FactsProduct NameRAVA 5 AdvantageIssuerRiversource Life insurance CompanyType of ProductVariable AnnuityStandard & Poor’s Rating“AA” (Very Strong)Phone Number800-862-7919Websitewww.riversource.comThere are a few ways an advisor may pitch this product.To get access to many different managers and the ability to move around different funds at no costA way to get Guaranteed Income for life while seeking growthGuaranteed 6% growth and stock market upsideTo get market upside with potential to lock in gainsPrincipal protection over a 10 year period while going for growthTo get tax deferred accumulation Is any of this true?Well, in a sense it is, but it’s important we dive into the details because there are a few catches. Lets break down this annuity review into 3 main types that you may be offered for sale. 1st is the Base annuity with no riders. 2nd is the Annuity with the Securesource 4 rider, and 3rd I’ll break down the Accumulation Protector Benefit ® APB®).Welcome to AnnuityEdu where you can find unbiased annuity reviews, a perspective you can trust.If it happens that you’re on this website for the first time. We’re dedicated to helping you with a second opinion viewpoint so to help you see through some of sales pitches that aren’t what they seem. We hope with the information we provide you’ll be better educated to make an informed decision before you buy.Before we go in the details, please read this legal disclosure.  This review is meant to be an independent review at the request of readers, so they could see my perspective as a Certified Financial Planner when breaking down the positives and negatives of this particular model annuity. This is an independent product review, not a recommendation to buy or sell an annuity. Riversource  has not endorsed this review in any way, nor do I receive any compensation for this review. Before purchasing any investment product be sure to do your own due diligence and consult a properly licensed professional, should you have specific questions, as they relate to your individual circumstances. This is not meant to be specific advice and your advisor may know more about your circumstances to make an appropriate recommendation. All names, marks, and materials used for this review are property of their respective owners.Information about RiversourceAs an owned  subsidiary of Ameriprise Financial, Inc., Riversource, according to LIMRA ranks #15 in Annuity sales out all companies nationwide. Ameriprise is a publicly traded company and trades under ticker AMP. They have 12,000 advisors nationwide.The base Annuity has no income rider, or guaranteed principal guarantees and  it does not offer any sort of lifetime income.   If you are being offered this version of the base annuity with no riders, it’s often for tax deferral benefits or the ability to move around between 95 different sub accounts at no cost. It’s important you understand the surrender charge schedule.  There are two options for this product.Riversource Annuity Rava 5 Advantage Surrender charge schedule You can select from the following surrender charge schedules. A new surrender charge schedule applies to each purchase payment received, according to the schedule you choose. The surrender charge is based on purchase payments, not your contract value.  This means in a down market, if you surrender the policy in the first few years, the surrender charge could be higher than the amount listed below when compared as a percentage of the value at the time of surrender. This is important to understand before purchasing this annuity. Make sure you have plenty of liquidity to avoid surrendering early.       Number of completed years012345678910+7-year surrender charge schedule7%7%7%6%5%4%2%0%0%0%0%10-year surrender charge schedule8%8%8%7%6%5%4%3%2%1%0%Riversource Annuity Rava 5 Advantage Fee’s and Charges7-year M&E: 1.10% (through year 10); 0.95% (years 11+)10 year M&E 0.95%Overall, this annuity does have low M&E fees compared to other surrender charge variable annuities. It’s nowhere near as low as the low cost variable annuities. The investment options available are diverse. This allows you to choose from 95 different investment options from reputable investment funds.  The average fee for the sub accounts is 1.02, equivalent to the cost of A Share mutual funds on average.The SecureSource Income RiderThis rider is added on to the Rava5 Advantage to give you lifetime income and  a guaranteed 6% benefit rollup. This fee’s are below and are currently at 1.25%. On top of the M&E expense 0.95% can bring the total fee’s of the annuity up to over 3% annually.SecureSource 4SM – Single life rider feeMaximum: 2.25%Current: 1.25%SecureSource 4SM – Joint life rider feeMaximum: 2.25%Current: 1.35 %SecureSource 4 Plus SM – Single life rider feeMaximum: 2.75%Current: 1.50 %SecureSource 4 PlusSM – Joint life rider feeMaximum: 2.75%Current: 1.65 %Understanding the SecureSource Income RiderNote that it’s not a 6% growth that you can walk away with, but that you must take lifetime income to receive that 6% benefit amount with a predetermined withdrawal percentage.  This is a big difference than earning 6%. Can often take decades to receive a positive internal rate of return.  This is not to say the rider can’t be useful, but understand this, going in. The SecureSource Plus allows to get a 7% rollup to your income benefit for an additional cost stated above with a guaranteed benefit, doubling after 12 years. The Cost for this rider can change as shown above the current and maximum charges.A critical aspect to understand about this annuity is that with the guarantees, you must follow RiverSource rules. Investing and invest in 1 of their stabilizer funds. Often, Advisors will make it seem like you can just invest for growth and river source will guarantee you. It’s important to make sure you understand what you’re getting into so that it can meet your expectations. The guaranteed 6% Rolloup is not real growth but must be taken as income with annuities rules. This often can make the real internal rate of return much lower then 6%.Does this match up to what you’ve been told?It’s extremely important to also compare the opportunity cost of utilizing other assets to satisfy income needs in the years you are deferring. If the wrong return assumptions are utilized, you or your adviser may be selling the wrong assets first in retirement based on the wrong return assumptions.  For example, if you truly believe that Riversource Annuity Rava 5 Advantage is earning 6 or 7%, you may defer this annuity for a very long time and sell assets that are truly earnings 3-5 % real rate of return.  This can be very damaging to your ability to maintain your lifestyle in retirement and you may be forced to downsize. Does your adviser understand  this concept?  You should ask and double check before investing.You are required to invest in one Portfolio Stabilizer funds managed by Columbia if you are choosing one of the ridersThese funds don’t have a track record. The moderate allocation has an inception date of April 19, 2012. The rest of the funds have inception dates of April 12, 2013.The moderate fund with the longest track record as of 12/31/2015 has a 3 year average return of 3.02% net of all fee’s compared to the class blended benchmark of 6.53% annually. The Portfolio stabilizer growth fund, which is the most aggressive and growth oriented fund of the portfolio stabilizer funds has averaged 2.30% annually since inception net of all the fees M&E and single SecureSource 3 Rider fees.S&P500So if your advisor claims that you’ll get market like returns, you may need to find a new advisor because they’re not being honest. Of course, we don’t know how the funds will perform over the full market cycle. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. However, so far, it’s track record in catching market upside has been horrible.Additionally…Another concern for me about the portfolio stabilizer funds with the riders fee’s is on the more conservative options, such as moderate and conservative have bond allocations of anywhere from 65%-80%. With bond yields currently at record lows and with us being unsure of when rates will normalize. The fee’s will eat up any interest from the bonds you receive until rates rise substantially. That’s something to keep in mind before you purchase this annuity especially if you’re going to select a more conservative option. For example, the Barclays Bond Index  is yielding 2%. All in fee’s for the annuity with SecureSource single are around 3%, depending on which surrender schedule. With fee’s that are higher then your fixed income, it’s difficult to make returns. In fact Riversource will make more money on your fixed income then you will at current interest rates. I hope this matches up to what you’ve been told, if not I’m glad I can educate you with the truth.  April 10th, 2017 Portfolio Stabilizer funds updateFor 2016 the Portfolio Stabilizer funds continued to disappoint. 2016 Annual performance was 3.37% and that’s the most aggressive option.For up to date performance see Portfolio stablizer funds performance click hereUnderstanding the Protected Accumulation Benefit RiderThe Riversource Annuity Rava 5 Advantage with Protected Accumulation benefit or PAB will likely be pitched as a way to get market growth. A principal protection guarantee over a 10 year period. The PAB is added at an additional rider cost of 1% annually. As with the SecureSource Rider, you must invest in 1 of the Portfolio stabilizer funds. So far the performance hasn’t been too stock market like and has been closer to fixed income performance.The Caption below is from the riversource.com website in regards to the Accumulation Protector benefit.Protect It. Lock It. Take It.®What if you could enjoy both the growth potential of the market and the comfort of knowing your original investment is protected as you accumulate for retirement? The Accumulation Protector Benefit (APB®), an optional rider available with a RiverSource® variable annuity, can protect your principal while you accumulate for up to 10 years. It does this in three important ways:Protect It. If there are losses to your original investment, we’ll pay you back — after a 10-year waiting period, you are guaranteed to get back what you put in.Lock It. If your investment grows, we’ll help protect your gains — APB automatically locks in 90% of the highest anniversary value your investment achieves.*Take It. You have flexibility to access your money however you would like — after the 10-year waiting period, you can choose to take withdrawals, create an income stream or get full access to your money.Secure SourceThe part they don’t mention in this pitch is that you have to invest in one of the Portfolio stabilizer funds. If an advisor tells you that you can have pure stock market like returns with no risk, then I think that’s misleading. You may want to reconsider your advisor. If you skipped over my explanation in the SecureSource section about the Portfolio stabilizer funds, please read my explanation under the SecureSource rider in regards to the stabilizer funds. It’s just as important for those who are going to invest in the APB to understand how the Portfolio Stabilizer funds work and the fee’s associated with it.      Where it works best:For producing a pension like lifetime guaranteed income stream with the selected secure source riderIf you’re looking for conservative growth.Want to have a guarantee on their principal over a 10 year investment with selected Accumulated benefit rider.For those who want the ability to move around to different managers at no cost with Tax Deferral.(Base Annuity with no riders)To guarantee an income stream in the future. ( Securesource Rider)Where it works Worst:Individuals looking for maximum Capital appreciationThose who need liquidity.Who want to invest in other funds beside the managed volatility. (If you’re choosing one of the guaranteed riders such as guaranteed accumulation or secure source.)For those looking to keep more of what they earn by keeping fee’s low for maximum long term growthOverall, I think Riversource Annuity Rava 5 Advantage has some good features and some bad ones. The base annuity without the riders is relatively low cost compared to other annuities in it’s class. What concerns me is the low performance portfolio stabilizer funds that are required; if you choose one of the riders. Buying an annuity is a long term commitment. You should test Riversource Annuity Rava 5 Advantage versus various other annuities to see which fits your goals and objectives the most.In ConclusionAnother aspect is testing the rate of return of the income rider. Typically, these annuities earn nowhere near 6% of the guaranteed income rider amount.If your financial plan says you need 6% annually in retirement, don’t think you can buy Perspective II and earn 6% guaranteed. Your investing and Retirement planning isn’t done. You’ll need a comprehensive retirement income analysis that factors inflation, taxes, and your investment positioning to see if the annuity adds value to your retirement. Get a Retirement Income Analysis done before buying.The income rider is not as valuable as it seems. Test it and see if it’s worth it for you. We do for free at Annuityedu.com. The only way to know if this annuity is a good fit for you is to test it. We’ll use our proprietary calculator to illustrate how this annuity will perform in your specific situation. Click here to Test my Annuity. If your agent was honest with you, the numbers will match up – if not, well at least you know before you buy.Annuity Edu’s Summary on the Riversource Annuity Rava 5 AdvantageUnfortunately, I think advisers may be underestimating the impact that the fee’s of the portfolio over time especially if choosing one of the riders. That’s why we can help you test the guarantee in your financial plan. And for the internal rate of return it provides. This isn’t to say that having the riders may not be a good way to meet your financial objectives with a portion of your dollars. It might, but it’s only possible after testing it that you’ll know.Have Questions on Riversource Annuity Rava 5 Advantage?  Have any comments?Do you have any questions that you can’t seem to find the answer here on our website? [You can send us your questions here via our Free Annuity Help contact form].Purchasing an annuity is often an irreversible decision. Usually you’ll  have high surrender fee’s if you change your mind after you buy. We hope you found it helpful as you’re conducting your own research Riversource Annuity Rava 5 Advantage.  Thank you for visiting our site. If you still have questions about this annuity, or you’re an investor that’s still confused about the Riversource Annuity Rava 5 Advantage. You can reach out to us by email.  We can’t  always respond right away, but we strive to respond within 24 hours.  All the best, AnnuityEdu.com   Riversource Annuity Review Rava 5 Advantage    AnnuityEdu    2017-07-10T19:06:00+00:00  Great American Annuity – American Legend III Review  Gallery   Great American Annuity – American Legend III Review Annuity review Great American Annuity – American Legend III ReviewGreat American Annuity – American Legend III with IncomeSecure rider ReviewThis review is meant to show you the strengths and weaknesses of the Great American Annuity American Legend III. I’ll also go into the details you need to know in regards to the IncomeSecure rider. Also, how to find out if it’s worth it for you. As with all annuities, they work well in some aspects and poorly at other. I’ll walk through the details of how Great American Annuity works, so you can know what to expect.  This Great American Annuity American Legend III is often positioned with an income Secure rider, so I’ll go into detail on how the income rider works.Product typeFeesCurrent ratesInvestment options that are available and their Realistic long term investment return expectationsUnderstanding the Guaranteed 7% income Rider and its true valueHow it can best help you as part of your financial planHow it is most poorly used as part of your financial planGreat American Fixed Indexed Annuity Quick FactsProduct NameAmerican Legend IIIIssuerGreat American Life Insurance CompanyType of ProductFixed Indexed AnnuityStandard & Poor’s Rating“A+” (Excellent)Phone Number1-800-789-6771Websitewww.greatamericaninsurancegroup.comIs any of this True?In a sense it is, however, the details are important because things arent’t always what they seem.  While many of the statements above are true, they don’t tell the whole story.  My goal is to help you understand more about the details and exactly what you can expect, so you can see deeper into an overly simplified sales pitch.Welcome to AnnuityEdu where you can find unbiased annuity reviews, a perspective you can trust.If it happens that you’re on this website for the first time. We’re dedicated to helping you with a second opinion viewpoint so to help you see through some of sales pitches that aren’t what they seem.   We hope with the information we provide you’ll be  better educated to make an informed decision before you buy.Before we go into the details, read this important legal disclosure.  This review is meant to be an independent review at the request of readers, so they could see my perspective as a when breaking down the positives and negatives of this particular model annuity.  This is an independent product review, not a recommendation to buy or sell an annuity. Great American has not endorsed this review in any way, nor do I receive any compensation for this review.  Before purchasing any investment product be sure to do your own due diligence and consult a properly licensed professional, should you have specific questions as they relate to your individual circumstances. This is not meant to be specific advice and your advisor may know more about your circumstances to make an appropriate recommendation. All names, marks, and materials used for this review are property of their respective ownersBefore we get into how this product works and important facts you need to know, below’s some Company Information from their website.Facts About Great American Insurance GroupWe trace our roots back to 1872 with the founding of the German American Insurance Company in New York.Headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio.Great American Insurance Company’s A.M. Best A+ rating was affirmed on March 20, 2015. The company has maintained an “A” (Excellent) rating or higher from A.M. Best for over 100 years, and is one of only five property and casualty insurers to do so.Great American’s Property & Casualty Group was recognized as one of the 2014 “Ward’s 50” top performing insurance companies by the Ward Group.The subsidiaries of Great American’s Annuity Group have consistently been rated “A” or higher by A.M. Best for more than 30 years.Over 100 locations throughout North America and Western Europe.A subsidiary ofAmerican Financial Group, Inc. (AFG), also based in Cincinnati, Ohio.AFG’s common stock is listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol AFGSee more at www.Greatamericaninsurancegroup.comHow do agent’s typically Pitch this ProductAs a principal protected way to get upcapped market growthAs a way to guarantee a future income streamA way to get 7% guaranteed Growth no matter what the market doesA CD alternative with more upside but guaranteed principal protectionAs a principal protected way to get upcapped market growth?Great American Annuity – American Legend III can help you get growth with principal protection.   It’s important to note, however, that it’s not the same as being in the market as far the upside.  I”ll walk you through  the expected return by taking a look at the rates, and historical performance. There are other index options as well that we will discuss, but let’s start with the uncapped. The uncapped index is the S&P500 risk Controlled 10 index, which is a less volatile version of the S&P500. Current participation rates at 50%, these are subject to change, so please see current participation rates before making a decision. This means you’ll receive 50% of whatever the S&P500 10% volatility index  does for that year with zero downside. The S&P500 volatility index has a lot less upside then the S&P500. On top of that, you’re getting a participation rate, which gives you a percentage of the upside of the risk controlled index.S&P500 Index Risk Control index 10% IndexAssuming the 50% participation rate, this index has averaged 3.46% since 2006. This index, however, can have large up years when the market performs well especially when compared to the safety of no downside risk.  In 2013, when the S&P500 Volatility index  increased 21.91%, Great American Annuity would’ve credited 10.95%, so it can have large up years, however, even with that large year, it still has averaged 3.46%, which is less then average bond portfolio during the same period, yet still much more then cash or CD’s.S&P500 Index Annual Point-t0-point with capAssuming the current 4.75% cap.  ( caps and participation rate for all crediting options are subject to change, so caps may be higher or lower when you purchase)  This has averaged anywhere from 3.13% compounded annual return for the best 10 year period.  It has averaged 2.53% for worst 10 year period.   The last 10 years it’s average 3.18% compounded annual returnS&P500 index monthly sum with Monthly capAssuming the current 2.0 monthly cap.  The best 10 year for this annuity has averaged 2.59%  compounded annual return.  The worst 10 year return has been 2.76%.  The last 10 year return has been 2.88% compounded annual return.SPDR Gold shares annual point to point with CapAssuming the current 5% cap.  The best 10 year period has averaged 3.97% compounded rate of return.  The worst 10 year period has been 3.47% and the last 10 year period it’s averaged 3.47% annual compounded return.S&P500 Index 18 month point-to-point with capThe current cap is 7% but performance is based of an 18 month period. The best 10 year period has averaged 2.74%. The worst 10 year period it’s averaged 2.53% and the last 10 year period it’s averaged 3.44%Declared rateCurrent fixed rate is 1.9%. Great American Annuity – American Legend III also has the option to put your money in a fixed account which currently averaged 1.9%. This can be good if rates rise because the fixed account rate is floating and should increase.These have been the historical returns. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. These returns are more similar to conservative bonds and much better than CD’s, but much under stock market return. There is no downside risk, so the risk/reward is favorable, but it’s important to see if these returns will help you keep pace with inflation and maintain your retirement  in your retirement planning analysis.Understanding the IncomeSecure Rider and the 7% rollup rate7% Guaranteed return, sign me up!  Not so fast.It’s important to understand the rate of return this provides to your financial plan when analyzing whether the incomesecure rider is appropriate in helping you reach your financial goals.  In order to do this, it’s important to test this annuity versus others for the internal rate of return that it provides to you.The way Great American Annuity – American Legend III gives you 7% every year, you don’t take income is based on mortality tables.   They know that every year you don’t take income is a year that their promise to pay you lifetime income is getting less, so they’re willing to give you 7% additional in years that you do take income because they know they’ll on average be required to give you income for less years.   The insurance companies are smart, so it’s important to analyze all your options and test the annuity for the internal rate of return, so you can make the smartest decision for you and your retirement and not the insurance companies.Scenario 1Let’s assume you’re age 62 and put $100,000 into this Great American annuity with the incomesecure 7% rider and want to begin taking income in the 5th year. By then your $100,000 has growth by 7% simple to $128,000 in the income base. Your lifetime withdrawals at age 67 are $6,528 annually. The $6,528 is a 5.1% withdrawal rate of $128,000. By the time you turn 80, after taking income for 15 years, you have received $97,920, so you haven’t received your investment back yet. Note that if you’re a male, the average life expectancy is 76 and if you’re a female, it’s 81; many of you reading this will have passed away before making a return.This is what the insurance company is counting on and why they are able to give you 7% income increase every year you don’t take income. You don’t start making a return on your investment until year 16 in which you’ve received $104,448 in total income, which is a 4.48% total gain over 14 years, which is less then 0.3% annual interest. Yes that’s less than 1/3 of 1% annually. .So did you really make 7% guaranteed in those years?Of course not.  The longer you live, the higher the return you can make, but are you confident that you can afford to make no return in retirement for the first 15 years?  This annuity may still have a role, but if you’re counting on the 7% income rider to help you hit the 7% return goal that you need, you may want to look elsewhere.It’s important to test this annuity, as part of your retirement income plan, to see if it can help you reach your goals. Often times an agent may not realize what I’ve just explained to you, so if he doesn’t make sure you get an analysis done so you can make the best decision.Death BenefitAnother aspect of this is that if you pass away, your beneficiaries don’t get the income base value that increases by 7% annually.  If that’s important to you, you may want to look at the other income riders Incomesecure plus and Inheritance enhance,r which do offer enhanced death benefit features. Great American does have some of the best death benefit features I’ve seen in the market. This can be valuable because that really helps increase the potential guaranteed internal rate of return to your heirs. Especially if that’s one of your priority’s with the money you are thinking about putting inside this annuity when compared to other safe alternatives.This rider costs 0.95% annually . It’s important to analyze whether this rider makes sense for you.  If your looking for growth and you average 3.5% in your index credit, this rider will cost you over 25% of your growth, so be sure to see if the income rider is best for your goals. Income credits cannot increase the income base more than the income rollup cap of 250% and remember every year you don’t take income, their promise to pay is less.      Where it works best:For Producing a pension like lifetime Guaranteed Income Stream with the Income RiderFor those looking for a conservative growth and want  to have a guarantee of their principal over a relatively short 7 year period.Those who want to make sure they never lose their principal and will to accept safety over returnFor those looking for  guaranteed growth to pass money to their heirs  with Inheritance Enhancer or Income Sustainer PlusFor those looking for tax deferral and conservative growthWhere it works worst:Those looking for maximum growthThose who need a return on their investment in the first decade of retirement if using Income riderThose who need a return of over 5% annually in retirement to maintain their lifestyleAnnuityEdu’s Summary of the Great American Annuity – American Legend IIIOverall, this annuity has some good features and some bad ones.  Relative to many annuities on the market, the 7 year surrender is relatively short.  Great American is a strong company with a good track record. Great American Annuity – American Legend III is best for conservative growth and for guaranteeing lifetime income that you can’t outlive no matter how long you live. Furthermore, it should outperform cash and perform similar to conservative bonds in the current low rate environment, in my view.Also, can help minimize volatility of your overall asset allocation. What concerns me is the low internal rate of return and I feel many agents and retiree’s may think that they’re really earning a 7% return when their not. Buying an Annuity is a long term commitment and the decisions you make will determine your success in retirement. Test this annuity versus various others to see which one fits your goals and objectives the most.  This is something we do for free here at annuityedu.com.To ConcludeUnfortunately, I believe many agents think that the 7% roll up rate is the rate of return and may not fully understand the real returns that they’ll deliver to you. The only way to know if this annuity is a good fit for you is to have it tested. We’ll use our proprietary calculator to illustrate for you how this annuity will likely perform in your specific situation.Click here to Test my Annuity. If your agent was honest with you, the numbers will match up – if not, well at least you know all of the important information before you buy.Have Questions on the Great American Annuity – American Legend III? Have any comments?Do you have any questions that you can’t seem to find the answer here on our website? [You can send us your questions here via our Free Annuity Help contact form].Finally, purchasing an annuity is often an irreversible decision. You’ll have high surrender fee’s if you change your mind after you buy it. We hope you found it helpful as you’re conducting your own research on Great American Annuity. We wish you all the best in your retirement journey!For any questions or if you need clarity about the Great American Annuity, reach out to us by email or by phone.      All the best, Annuityedu.com  Great American Annuity – American Legend III Review    AnnuityEdu    2017-07-10T19:23:46+00:00  Allianz 222 Fixed Indexed Annuity Review  Gallery   Allianz 222 Fixed Indexed Annuity Review Annuity review Allianz 222 Fixed Indexed Annuity ReviewAllianz 222 Fixed Indexed Annuity ReviewThis review is on the Allianz 222 Annuity. The Purpose of this review is to show you where Allianz 222 Annuity is strong and where it has weaknesses, so that you can make an informed decision, considering all available facts.Product typeFeesInvestment options that are available and their Realistic long term investment return expectationsUnderstanding the income riderHow it can best help you as part of your financial planHow it is most poorly used as part of your financial planAllianz 222 Annuity Quick FactsProduct NameAllianzIssuerAllianz Life Insurance CompanyType of ProductFixed Indexed AnnuityStandard & Poor’s Rating“AA” (Very Strong)Phone Number888-266-8489Websitewww.Allianzlife.comIs any of this true?The Allianz 222 Annuity is definitely unique and is strong when it comes to the potential the annuity has to deliver over time. The Allianz 222 Fixed Indexed Annuity is designed differently. It has unique features that most annuities in the industry don’t have. Some of these features are very attractive in my opinion, but there’s also the caveat of having to defer for a minimum of 10 years and with weaker minimum guarantees, so it’s not for everyone.The Allianz 222 Annuity has 2 types of Bonus’s. The 1st is on deposit, they give you a 15% Protected Income value bonus. The 2nd is a 50% bonus to the protected income value on all interest credits.  This means, for example, if you earn 3% in interest, they credit 4.5% to your income value. The Allianz 222 Hybrid annuity must be differed for 10 years before taking lifetime income.  It’s possible that you can take free withdrawals in the mean time. You’ll receive a withdrawal rate percentage based on your age of the protected income value. If you choose joint lifetime income withdrawals, the lifetime income withdrawal percentage will be based on the age of the younger spouse.Welcome to AnnuityEdu where you can find unbiased annuity reviews, a perspective you can trust.If it happens that you’re on this website for the first time. We’re dedicated to helping you with a second opinion viewpoint. To help you see through some of sales pitches that aren’t what they seem. We hope with the information we provide you’ll be better educated to make an informed decision before you buy.Before we go in the details, here is an important legal disclosure.  This review is meant to be an independent review at the request of readers, so they could see my perspective when breaking down the positives and negatives of this particular model annuity. This is an independent product review, not a recommendation to buy or sell an annuity. Allianz  has not endorsed this review in any way, nor do I receive any compensation for this review. Before purchasing any investment product be sure to do your own due diligence and consult a properly licensed professional, should you have specific questions, as they relate to your individual circumstances. This is not meant to be specific advice and your advisor may know more about your circumstances to make an appropriate recommendation. All names, marks, and materials used for this review are property of their respective owners.Some information on AllianzAllianz Life Insurance Company of North America (Allianz) is a leading provider of retirement solutions, including fixed and variable annuities and life insurance for individuals. Guarantees are backed by the financial strength and claims-paying ability of the issuing company. Variable annuity and variable life insurance guarantees do not apply to the performance of the variable subaccounts, which will fluctuate with market conditions.There are a few ways that Agents might pitch this product.To get guaranteed Lifetime income that has the potential to increaseAs a way to get uncapped market growth with zero downside riskCreate a lifetime guaranteed income that can increase over timeTo get a 15% bonus to the income value and 50% bonus’s on interest earnedThe best part about this annuity is…For you to truly be able to receive income that increases overtime, without ever making new highs in value. This ability to increase your income plays a huge role in benefiting and adding to your retirement. Even though it has a lot of potential, the guarantee’s are weaker than most annuities, but for those looking for upside income potential with a downside floor, then this may be your annuity. Another part that’s unique is that the protected income value is available as a death benefit at no additional cost.    This annuity is  a long term commitment with high penalties if you take you’re money out early.The penalties are below.Contract Year1234567Withdrawal Charge10%10.0%10.0%8.75%7.5%6.25%5.0%What are the minimum guarantees for the Allianz 222 Annuity ?This is where this annuity is weakest.   It doesn’t have a “guaranteed” increase like some other annuities in the market place.  If a 61 year old male differed the annuity for 10 years and received no interest credits, his guaranteed income in year 11 would be $6,325 annually for life.  This is a very unlikely scenario, but it shows that there’s no guaranteed increase.    This guaranteed increase is offset by the special way in which the income increases work.  Unlike most annuities, you’re able to get an increase income, even if the accumulation value doesn’t increase above the income value.  This has the potential to help deliver more income overtime.What type of Performance can I expect from the options inside the Allianz 222 Annuity ?If you’re looking for high growth, it’s likely you’re going to be recommended the uncapped Barclays index. Uncapped index!?  That means there is no cap to the amount of interest you can earn! wow unlimited upside with zero downside! …..Not so fast. You must understand the details. The index moves between 50% bond and 50% stocks, depending on volatility.  There’s a spread, which subtracts from the return.  The current spread has been increasing and is currently 2.95%. This is subject to change, so please check before you buy.  This means that if the index returns 10%, you must subtract the spread, which would 10% minus 2.95, so you would be credited 7.05%.PerformanceWhile Allianz is no longer using back tested 1980’s and 1990’s performance.  Performance with the current spread over the last 10 years has averaged 3.18% annually with the uncapped option.There are other investment options as well such the Barclays Dynamic Index with cap.  Currently the cap is 3.5%.  This is subject to change at any time.  The Barclay’s index has historically been the best performers of all the options.If you’re looking for high stock market returns, you’ll be disappointed with the Allianz 222 Annuity.  This annuities performance is closer with the performance of bonds than stocks. It also has much less downside risk and volatility than stocks, so that’s important to consider.  Where the 3% get’s more exciting is on the income increases. For example, if you average 3% while taking income, that means you’ll get  a 4.5% increase to your income, which is a very good COLA. This ability to increase is what I like the most about this annuity. And is very powerful. This will help people with long life expediencies most. Annuity Edu’s Summary on the Allianz 222 AnnuityWhere it works best:If you have 10 years to defer income and want the ability to have increasing incomeproducing a pension like lifetime guaranteed income stream that has the potential to increase Looking for conservative growth and want to have a guarantee on their principal over a 10 year investment.Looking for a enhanced death benefit on the protected income value to pass money to beneficiary’s.Where it works Worst:For those who need guaranteed lifetime income before 10 yearsFor those not looking for guaranteed lifetime incomethose looking for moderate to high Capital appreciationFor those who need to earn more then 5% on the accumulation valueMy InsightOverall, I think this annuity has some good features and some bad ones. The Annuity has a strong 15% bonus on the income value and the ability to have increases income makes potential for the amount of money that it can deliver to your overtime, which is much higher than most annuities. What concerns me is the recent decreases in cap rates and increases in the spreads, which take away from the return you’ll receive. Another main weakness is the lack of guarantees this annuity has. It’s important to understand these numbers going in. Buying an annuity is along term commitment and it’s important to test this annuity versus various others to see which one fits your goals and objectives the most. This is something we do for free here at Annuityedu.com.The only way to know if Allianz 222 Annuity is a good fit for you is to have it tested. We’ll use our proprietary calculator to illustrate for you how this annuity will likely perform in your specific situation.Click here to Test my Annuity, If your agent was honest with you, the numbers will match up – if not, well at least you know before you buy.To ConcludeUnfortunately, I think advisers may be overestimating the returns you’ll receive.  That’s why we can help you test the guarantee in your financial plan and for the internal rate of return it provides and see if your plan can handle it. This isn’t to say that having the Allianz 222 may not be a good way to meet your financial objectives with a portion of your dollars. It might, but it’s only possible after testing it that you’ll know.Have Questions on Allianz 222 Annuity? Have any comments?Do you have any questions that you can’t seem to find the answer here on our website? [You can send us your questions here via our Free Annuity Help contact form].Purchasing an annuity is often an irreversible decision and usually you will have high surrender fee’s if you decide to change your mind after you buy it.We hope you found it helpful as you’re conducting your own research Allianz 222 Annuity. We wish you all the best in your retirement journey! If you have questions about this annuity, or you’re an investor that’s confused about the Athene Ascent. You can reach out to us by email or by phone.    All the best, AnnuityEdu.com  Allianz 222 Fixed Indexed Annuity Review    AnnuityEdu    2017-07-10T19:28:30+00:00 Don’t just buy an annuity! Plan → Analyze → Retire    with Peace of Mind        Your Name (required)    Your Email (required)         


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












403bCompare - RiverSource Retirement Advisor 4 Advantage Variable Annuity




























skip to main content





Toggle navigation





















  Success:






  Info:





  Warning:





  Error:





  Error:




        Do you wish to proceed? 
        Proceed
Cancel










Product Details




   Return to Compare Products
                        






                                DISCONTINUED PRODUCT - Product not available to new enrollees.
                            


                                RiverSource Retirement Advisor 4 Advantage Variable AnnuityProduct ID: 60 





        Vendor:
    

Ameriprise Financial Inc.




        Type:
    

Variable Annuity 
    

            Discontinued 








                    Annual Costs:
                

$147



                        Cost Details
                    








                    Average Expense Ratio:
                





1.17%




                    Range Details
                








                Surrender Fees:
            

8 Years / 7%
            

                    Surrender Fee Schedule
                







                Commissions:
            

No











                Add to Compare
            




                Add to Compare
            



            In Compare List
        





                Add to Favorites
            




                Add to Favorites
            



            In Favorites
        





                Set as My Product
            




                Set as My Product
            



            Selected Product
        











Enrollment and Questions


                                Use the following contact information to enroll or ask questions.
                                




 Website:
                                        



Visit Website






 Phone: 


(800) 862-7919




    E-mail: 


Send Email




   Address: 



70100 Ameriprise Financial Center  Minneapolis, MN 55474





  In-person: 



Questions about enrollment?


                                            View the Contact Information tab on the Vendor Details page for a list of office locations.
                                        














                                            Product Details
                                        


Fees and Charges


Investment Options




    RiverSource Retirement Advisor 4 Advantage(RAVA 4 Advantage), issued by RiverSource Life Insurance Company, can help you make the most of your 403(b) with a powerful combination of benefits.  Choose from a full selection of investment options, including more than 50 subaccount options from today's most respected fund families, and fixed accounts that offer a guaranteed rate of return.  RAVA 4 Advantage can help you take advantage of several time-tested investing strategies, including diversification, automatic rebalancing, and systematic investing to help you make the most of your 403(b) plan.
    
Select the topics below to expand and view additional product details







                    FEATURES
                









                                    Asset Allocation Planning
                                




                                The Portfolio Navigator asset allocation program (PN program) allows you to allocate your contract value to a PN program model portfolio that consists of subaccounts, each of which invests in a fund with a particular investment objective, and may include certain Guaranteed Period Accounts and/or the regular fixed account (if available under the PN program) that represent various asset classes. The PN program also allows you to periodically update your model portfolio or transfer to a new model portfolio. You are required to participate in the PN program if your contract includes an optional Accumulation Benefit rider or GWB for LifeSM rider. If your contract does not include one of these riders, you also may elect to participate in the PN program at no additional charge. You should review 
                            






                                    Portfolio Rebalancing Program
                                




                                You can ask to have the variable subaccount portion of your contract value allocated according to the percentages that you choose. We automatically will rebalance the variable subaccount portion of your contract value either quarterly, semi-annually, or annually. The period you select will start to run on the date we record your request. On the first valuation date of each of these periods, we automatically will rebalance your contract value so that the value in each subaccount matches your current subaccount percentage allocations. These percentage allocations must be in whole numbers. There is no charge for asset rebalancing. The contract value must be at least $2,000.
Asset rebalancing does not apply to the GPAs, fixed account or the Special DCA account.
                            






                                    Dollar Cost Averaging
                                




                                Currently, you can use automated transfers to take advantage of dollar-cost averaging.  Automated transfers from the fixed account to the subaccounts under automated dollar-cost averaging may not exceed an amount that, if continued, would deplete the fixed account within 12 months. For example, you might transfer a set amount monthly from a relatively conservative subaccount to a more aggressive one, or to several others, or from the fixed account to one or more subaccounts. You may not set up an automated transfer to or from the GPAs. You may not set up an automated transfer to the fixed account or the Special DCA account. You may not set up an automated transfer if the Withdrawal Benefit rider is selected. There is no charge for dollar-cost averaging.
                            






                                    Loans
                                




                                You may request a loan for the contract's full surrender value, less an amount representing annual loan interest, provided such amount does not exceed the maximum loan amount set by law.  The minimum loan amount you may request is $600.

The Loan Note specifies loan amount restrictions under Section 72(p) of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code) with which you must agree to comply.
                            










                SETTLEMENT OPTIONS
            









                                Joint and Survivor
                            




                            Joint and last survivor life annuity - no refund: We make monthly payouts while both the annuitant and a joint annuitant are living. If either annuitant dies, we will continue to make monthly payouts at the full amount until the death of the surviving owner. Payouts end with the death of the second annuitant.
                        






                                Life Annuity
                            




                            Life annuity - no refund: We make monthly payouts until the annuitant's death. Payouts end with the last payout before the annuitant's death. We will not make any further payouts. This means that if the annuitant dies after we made only one monthly payout, we will not make any more payouts.
                        






                                Life Income Annuity with Period Certain
                            




                            Life annuity with five, ten or 15 years certain: We make monthly payouts for a guaranteed payout period of five, ten or 15 years that you elect. This election will determine the length of the payout period to the beneficiary if the annuitant should die before the elected period expires. We calculate the guaranteed payout period from the settlement date. If the annuitant
outlives the elected guaranteed payout period, we will continue to make payouts until the annuitant's death.
                        






                                Life Income with Refunded Activity
                            




                            Life annuity - installment refund: We make monthly payouts until the annuitant's death, with our guarantee that payouts will continue for some period of time. We will make payouts for at least the number of months determined by dividing the amount applied under this option by the first monthly payout, whether or not the annuitant is living.
                        






                                Lump Sum
                            




                            You may surrender all or part of your contract at any time before annuity payouts begin by sending us a written request or calling us. We will process your surrender request on the valuation date we receive it.  You may have to pay contract administrative charges, surrender charges, or any applicable optional rider charges and IRS taxes and penalties.  You cannot make surrenders after annuity payouts begin except under Plan E.
                        






                                Period Certain
                            




                            Payouts for a specified period: We make monthly payouts for a specific payout period of ten to 30 years that you elect. We will make payouts only for the number of years specified whether the annuitant is living or not. Depending on the selected time period, it is foreseeable that the annuitant can outlive the payout period selected. During the payout period, you
can elect to have us determine the present value of any remaining variable payouts and pay it to you in a lump sum. If you do so, your monthly payouts will be reduced by the proportion of your surrender to the full discounted value. A 10% IRS penalty tax could apply if you take a surrender.
                        










                BONUS CREDIT
            









                                Bonus Credit Table
                            










Investment Year
Bonus Rate




1
1%




















    All 403(b) products contain fees. The amount of fees varies greatly depending on the product. A slight increase in fees can
    substantially reduce the growth in your account which will reduce your income in retirement. To learn more about the impact
    of fees, and the different types of fees please refer to the
    Explanation of Fees piece located in the
    Help & Resources.
    



Fees









                                Fee
                            



                                Amount/Percentage
                            



                                When Applied
                            



                                How Computed
                            



                                Fee Waiver
                            



                                Breakpoint
                            



                                Capped
                            







Contract Fee




$30.00


                            
Annually
Flat Dollar Amount
Yes
No
Yes



View Fee Details 









Fee Waiver
                                                            We will waive this charge when your contract value, or total purchase payments less any payments surrendered, is $50,000 or more on the current contract anniversary, except at full surrender.
                                                        












Surrender Charges











Surrender Period*
Surrender Percentage




1
7.00%


2
7.00%


3
7.00%


4
6.00%


5
5.00%


6
4.00%


7
2.00%


8
0.00%



*Expressed in contract years





                                    Surrender Penalty Charge assessed on a "rolling" basis:
                                
A new surrender charge schedule starts with each new premium payment.  The charge is based on the year and actual date of the payment.  The surrender charge percentage is updated on the payment anniversary.
 Exceptions to the Surrender Charge: 




Percent of contract value: 


10.00%




Death: 


Yes




Nursing Home or Other Medical Expenses: 


Yes




 Other Restrictions: 


                                                    Surrender charges do not apply to the following: 
Surrenders of any contract earnings;
Surrenders of the greater of contract earnings or 10% of the prior contract anniversary contract value;
Amounts paid out as death benefits; 
Amounts settled un
                                                














Subaccounts




                    Fixed Investment Options
                








                    Variable Investment Options
                















 Compare



        Compare up to 3 products
    




Compare up to 3 products




Product Name


Type








()





                             
                            















Compare
Compare






 Favorites



        There are currently no favorites
    




10 maximum per product type




Product Name


Type








()





                             
                            





















































Riversource Annuity Archives - Unbiased Annuity Reviews          Toggle SlidingBar Area     Riversource AnnuityHome/Posts/Tag:Riversource Annuity Riversource Annuity Review Rava 5 Advantage  Gallery   Riversource Annuity Review Rava 5 Advantage Annuity review Riversource Annuity Review Rava 5 AdvantageRiversource Annuity Review Rava 5 AdvantageThis review is meant to show you the strengths and weaknesses of the Riversource Annuity Rava 5 Advantage. As with every investment, variable annuities have their strengths and weaknesses. Each company has unique features, so I’ll walk through my analysis and give you my opinion. I’ll walk through fee information and where I see Riversource Annuity Rava 5 Advantage working well in your financial situation and where I see weakness.  It’s very important that you understand how this annuity truly works by seeing through the sales pitches that aren’t always what they seem. In this review we’ll cover Fee’sSurrender ScheduleWhere this works bestWhere this won’t work goodHistorical returnsMy opinion overall and ratingYou can learn more about this from www.riversource.com and download their prospectus  Riversource RAVA 5 Advantage Variable Annuity ProspectusRiversource Annuity Rava 5 Advantage Quick FactsProduct NameRAVA 5 AdvantageIssuerRiversource Life insurance CompanyType of ProductVariable AnnuityStandard & Poor’s Rating“AA” (Very Strong)Phone Number800-862-7919Websitewww.riversource.comThere are a few ways an advisor may pitch this product.To get access to many different managers and the ability to move around different funds at no costA way to get Guaranteed Income for life while seeking growthGuaranteed 6% growth and stock market upsideTo get market upside with potential to lock in gainsPrincipal protection over a 10 year period while going for growthTo get tax deferred accumulation Is any of this true?Well, in a sense it is, but it’s important we dive into the details because there are a few catches. Lets break down this annuity review into 3 main types that you may be offered for sale. 1st is the Base annuity with no riders. 2nd is the Annuity with the Securesource 4 rider, and 3rd I’ll break down the Accumulation Protector Benefit ® APB®).Welcome to AnnuityEdu where you can find unbiased annuity reviews, a perspective you can trust.If it happens that you’re on this website for the first time. We’re dedicated to helping you with a second opinion viewpoint so to help you see through some of sales pitches that aren’t what they seem. We hope with the information we provide you’ll be better educated to make an informed decision before you buy.Before we go in the details, please read this legal disclosure.  This review is meant to be an independent review at the request of readers, so they could see my perspective as a Certified Financial Planner when breaking down the positives and negatives of this particular model annuity. This is an independent product review, not a recommendation to buy or sell an annuity. Riversource  has not endorsed this review in any way, nor do I receive any compensation for this review. Before purchasing any investment product be sure to do your own due diligence and consult a properly licensed professional, should you have specific questions, as they relate to your individual circumstances. This is not meant to be specific advice and your advisor may know more about your circumstances to make an appropriate recommendation. All names, marks, and materials used for this review are property of their respective owners.Information about RiversourceAs an owned  subsidiary of Ameriprise Financial, Inc., Riversource, according to LIMRA ranks #15 in Annuity sales out all companies nationwide. Ameriprise is a publicly traded company and trades under ticker AMP. They have 12,000 advisors nationwide.The base Annuity has no income rider, or guaranteed principal guarantees and  it does not offer any sort of lifetime income.   If you are being offered this version of the base annuity with no riders, it’s often for tax deferral benefits or the ability to move around between 95 different sub accounts at no cost. It’s important you understand the surrender charge schedule.  There are two options for this product.Riversource Annuity Rava 5 Advantage Surrender charge schedule You can select from the following surrender charge schedules. A new surrender charge schedule applies to each purchase payment received, according to the schedule you choose. The surrender charge is based on purchase payments, not your contract value.  This means in a down market, if you surrender the policy in the first few years, the surrender charge could be higher than the amount listed below when compared as a percentage of the value at the time of surrender. This is important to understand before purchasing this annuity. Make sure you have plenty of liquidity to avoid surrendering early.       Number of completed years012345678910+7-year surrender charge schedule7%7%7%6%5%4%2%0%0%0%0%10-year surrender charge schedule8%8%8%7%6%5%4%3%2%1%0%Riversource Annuity Rava 5 Advantage Fee’s and Charges7-year M&E: 1.10% (through year 10); 0.95% (years 11+)10 year M&E 0.95%Overall, this annuity does have low M&E fees compared to other surrender charge variable annuities. It’s nowhere near as low as the low cost variable annuities. The investment options available are diverse. This allows you to choose from 95 different investment options from reputable investment funds.  The average fee for the sub accounts is 1.02, equivalent to the cost of A Share mutual funds on average.The SecureSource Income RiderThis rider is added on to the Rava5 Advantage to give you lifetime income and  a guaranteed 6% benefit rollup. This fee’s are below and are currently at 1.25%. On top of the M&E expense 0.95% can bring the total fee’s of the annuity up to over 3% annually.SecureSource 4SM – Single life rider feeMaximum: 2.25%Current: 1.25%SecureSource 4SM – Joint life rider feeMaximum: 2.25%Current: 1.35 %SecureSource 4 Plus SM – Single life rider feeMaximum: 2.75%Current: 1.50 %SecureSource 4 PlusSM – Joint life rider feeMaximum: 2.75%Current: 1.65 %Understanding the SecureSource Income RiderNote that it’s not a 6% growth that you can walk away with, but that you must take lifetime income to receive that 6% benefit amount with a predetermined withdrawal percentage.  This is a big difference than earning 6%. Can often take decades to receive a positive internal rate of return.  This is not to say the rider can’t be useful, but understand this, going in. The SecureSource Plus allows to get a 7% rollup to your income benefit for an additional cost stated above with a guaranteed benefit, doubling after 12 years. The Cost for this rider can change as shown above the current and maximum charges.A critical aspect to understand about this annuity is that with the guarantees, you must follow RiverSource rules. Investing and invest in 1 of their stabilizer funds. Often, Advisors will make it seem like you can just invest for growth and river source will guarantee you. It’s important to make sure you understand what you’re getting into so that it can meet your expectations. The guaranteed 6% Rolloup is not real growth but must be taken as income with annuities rules. This often can make the real internal rate of return much lower then 6%.Does this match up to what you’ve been told?It’s extremely important to also compare the opportunity cost of utilizing other assets to satisfy income needs in the years you are deferring. If the wrong return assumptions are utilized, you or your adviser may be selling the wrong assets first in retirement based on the wrong return assumptions.  For example, if you truly believe that Riversource Annuity Rava 5 Advantage is earning 6 or 7%, you may defer this annuity for a very long time and sell assets that are truly earnings 3-5 % real rate of return.  This can be very damaging to your ability to maintain your lifestyle in retirement and you may be forced to downsize. Does your adviser understand  this concept?  You should ask and double check before investing.You are required to invest in one Portfolio Stabilizer funds managed by Columbia if you are choosing one of the ridersThese funds don’t have a track record. The moderate allocation has an inception date of April 19, 2012. The rest of the funds have inception dates of April 12, 2013.The moderate fund with the longest track record as of 12/31/2015 has a 3 year average return of 3.02% net of all fee’s compared to the class blended benchmark of 6.53% annually. The Portfolio stabilizer growth fund, which is the most aggressive and growth oriented fund of the portfolio stabilizer funds has averaged 2.30% annually since inception net of all the fees M&E and single SecureSource 3 Rider fees.S&P500So if your advisor claims that you’ll get market like returns, you may need to find a new advisor because they’re not being honest. Of course, we don’t know how the funds will perform over the full market cycle. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. However, so far, it’s track record in catching market upside has been horrible.Additionally…Another concern for me about the portfolio stabilizer funds with the riders fee’s is on the more conservative options, such as moderate and conservative have bond allocations of anywhere from 65%-80%. With bond yields currently at record lows and with us being unsure of when rates will normalize. The fee’s will eat up any interest from the bonds you receive until rates rise substantially. That’s something to keep in mind before you purchase this annuity especially if you’re going to select a more conservative option. For example, the Barclays Bond Index  is yielding 2%. All in fee’s for the annuity with SecureSource single are around 3%, depending on which surrender schedule. With fee’s that are higher then your fixed income, it’s difficult to make returns. In fact Riversource will make more money on your fixed income then you will at current interest rates. I hope this matches up to what you’ve been told, if not I’m glad I can educate you with the truth.  April 10th, 2017 Portfolio Stabilizer funds updateFor 2016 the Portfolio Stabilizer funds continued to disappoint. 2016 Annual performance was 3.37% and that’s the most aggressive option.For up to date performance see Portfolio stablizer funds performance click hereUnderstanding the Protected Accumulation Benefit RiderThe Riversource Annuity Rava 5 Advantage with Protected Accumulation benefit or PAB will likely be pitched as a way to get market growth. A principal protection guarantee over a 10 year period. The PAB is added at an additional rider cost of 1% annually. As with the SecureSource Rider, you must invest in 1 of the Portfolio stabilizer funds. So far the performance hasn’t been too stock market like and has been closer to fixed income performance.The Caption below is from the riversource.com website in regards to the Accumulation Protector benefit.Protect It. Lock It. Take It.®What if you could enjoy both the growth potential of the market and the comfort of knowing your original investment is protected as you accumulate for retirement? The Accumulation Protector Benefit (APB®), an optional rider available with a RiverSource® variable annuity, can protect your principal while you accumulate for up to 10 years. It does this in three important ways:Protect It. If there are losses to your original investment, we’ll pay you back — after a 10-year waiting period, you are guaranteed to get back what you put in.Lock It. If your investment grows, we’ll help protect your gains — APB automatically locks in 90% of the highest anniversary value your investment achieves.*Take It. You have flexibility to access your money however you would like — after the 10-year waiting period, you can choose to take withdrawals, create an income stream or get full access to your money.Secure SourceThe part they don’t mention in this pitch is that you have to invest in one of the Portfolio stabilizer funds. If an advisor tells you that you can have pure stock market like returns with no risk, then I think that’s misleading. You may want to reconsider your advisor. If you skipped over my explanation in the SecureSource section about the Portfolio stabilizer funds, please read my explanation under the SecureSource rider in regards to the stabilizer funds. It’s just as important for those who are going to invest in the APB to understand how the Portfolio Stabilizer funds work and the fee’s associated with it.      Where it works best:For producing a pension like lifetime guaranteed income stream with the selected secure source riderIf you’re looking for conservative growth.Want to have a guarantee on their principal over a 10 year investment with selected Accumulated benefit rider.For those who want the ability to move around to different managers at no cost with Tax Deferral.(Base Annuity with no riders)To guarantee an income stream in the future. ( Securesource Rider)Where it works Worst:Individuals looking for maximum Capital appreciationThose who need liquidity.Who want to invest in other funds beside the managed volatility. (If you’re choosing one of the guaranteed riders such as guaranteed accumulation or secure source.)For those looking to keep more of what they earn by keeping fee’s low for maximum long term growthOverall, I think Riversource Annuity Rava 5 Advantage has some good features and some bad ones. The base annuity without the riders is relatively low cost compared to other annuities in it’s class. What concerns me is the low performance portfolio stabilizer funds that are required; if you choose one of the riders. Buying an annuity is a long term commitment. You should test Riversource Annuity Rava 5 Advantage versus various other annuities to see which fits your goals and objectives the most.In ConclusionAnother aspect is testing the rate of return of the income rider. Typically, these annuities earn nowhere near 6% of the guaranteed income rider amount.If your financial plan says you need 6% annually in retirement, don’t think you can buy Perspective II and earn 6% guaranteed. Your investing and Retirement planning isn’t done. You’ll need a comprehensive retirement income analysis that factors inflation, taxes, and your investment positioning to see if the annuity adds value to your retirement. Get a Retirement Income Analysis done before buying.The income rider is not as valuable as it seems. Test it and see if it’s worth it for you. We do for free at Annuityedu.com. The only way to know if this annuity is a good fit for you is to test it. We’ll use our proprietary calculator to illustrate how this annuity will perform in your specific situation. Click here to Test my Annuity. If your agent was honest with you, the numbers will match up – if not, well at least you know before you buy.Annuity Edu’s Summary on the Riversource Annuity Rava 5 AdvantageUnfortunately, I think advisers may be underestimating the impact that the fee’s of the portfolio over time especially if choosing one of the riders. That’s why we can help you test the guarantee in your financial plan. And for the internal rate of return it provides. This isn’t to say that having the riders may not be a good way to meet your financial objectives with a portion of your dollars. It might, but it’s only possible after testing it that you’ll know.Have Questions on Riversource Annuity Rava 5 Advantage?  Have any comments?Do you have any questions that you can’t seem to find the answer here on our website? [You can send us your questions here via our Free Annuity Help contact form].Purchasing an annuity is often an irreversible decision. Usually you’ll  have high surrender fee’s if you change your mind after you buy. We hope you found it helpful as you’re conducting your own research Riversource Annuity Rava 5 Advantage.  Thank you for visiting our site. If you still have questions about this annuity, or you’re an investor that’s still confused about the Riversource Annuity Rava 5 Advantage. You can reach out to us by email.  We can’t  always respond right away, but we strive to respond within 24 hours.  All the best, AnnuityEdu.com   Riversource Annuity Review Rava 5 Advantage    AnnuityEdu    2017-07-10T19:06:00+00:00 Don’t just buy an annuity! Plan → Analyze → Retire    with Peace of Mind        Your Name (required)    Your Email (required)         