 



Rizvi Traverse Management Completes Merger with RealD Inc. | Business Wire
























































Rizvi Traverse Management Completes Merger with RealD Inc.






March 22, 2016 05:11 PM Eastern Daylight Time



LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Global visual technology company RealD Inc. (“RealD” or the “Company”) 
      (NYSE: RLD) today announced that Michael V. Lewis, founder of RealD, and 
      an affiliate of Rizvi Traverse Management, LLC (“Rizvi Traverse”) have 
      completed the previously announced acquisition of the Company. In 
      connection with the merger agreement, Mr. Lewis has reinvested his 
      equity stake and will continue to serve in the role of Chief Executive 
      Officer.
    

      On February 24, 2016, RealD stockholders approved the merger agreement 
      at a special meeting of stockholders. Pursuant to the definitive merger 
      agreement among RealD and an affiliate of Rizvi Traverse, dated as of 
      November 8, 2015, RealD stockholders will receive $11.00 per share in 
      cash, without interest and less any applicable withholding taxes, for 
      each share of common stock they owned immediately prior to the effective 
      time of the merger. RealD common stock will cease trading on The New 
      York Stock Exchange at the close of market today and will be delisted.
    

      Stockholders of record will receive a letter of transmittal and 
      instructions on how to surrender their shares of RealD common stock in 
      exchange for the merger consideration. Stockholders of record should 
      wait to receive the letter of transmittal before surrendering their 
      shares.
    

      Moelis & Company LLC acted as sole financial advisor and Wachtell, 
      Lipton, Rosen & Katz and Cooley LLP acted as legal advisors to RealD’s 
      Board of Directors. Latham & Watkins LLP acted as sole legal advisor to 
      Rizvi Traverse. Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer US LLP acted as sole 
      legal advisor to Mr. Lewis.
    

About RealD Inc.


      RealD is a leading global licensor of 3D and other visual technologies. 
      RealD is the world’s most widely used 3D technology and our extensive 
      intellectual property portfolio is used in applications and products 
      that enable a premium viewing experience in the theater, the home and 
      elsewhere.
    

      RealD was founded in 2003 and has offices in Beverly Hills; Boulder; 
      London; Moscow; Shanghai; Hong Kong; and Tokyo. For more information, 
      please visit our website at www.reald.com.
    

About Rizvi Traverse Management, LLC


      Rizvi Traverse Management, LLC is a leading private equity investment 
      firm that primarily invests in the media, entertainment and technology 
      sectors. Past investments include ICM, Summit Entertainment, SESAC, 
      Playboy, Twitter, SpaceX, Square and Snapchat. For more information 
      visit www.rizvitraverse.com.
    

Forward-looking Statements


      Statements about the expected timing, completion and effects of the 
      proposed merger and all other statements in this document, other than 
      historical facts, constitute forward-looking statements within the 
      meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities 
      Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Readers are cautioned not to place undue 
      reliance on these forward-looking statements and any such 
      forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by reference 
      to the following cautionary statements. All forward-looking statements 
      speak only as of the date hereof and are based on current expectations 
      and involve a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could 
      cause the actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking 
      statements. The Company may not be able to complete the proposed merger 
      on the terms described above or other acceptable terms or at all because 
      of a number of factors, including the failure to satisfy the proposed 
      merger’s closing conditions. Factors that may affect the business or 
      financial results of the Company are described in the risk factors 
      included in the Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange 
      Commission, including the Company’s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and 
      later filed quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 
      8-K, which factors are incorporated herein by reference. The Company 
      expressly disclaims a duty to provide updates to forward-looking 
      statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or 
      other occurrences.
    

      © 2016 RealD Inc. All Rights Reserved.
    


Contacts

RealD Inc.Investor Contact:Andrew Greenebaum / 
      Laura Bainbridge310-829-5400investors@reald.comorMedia 
      Contact:Will Hammond424-702-4758whammond@reald.com


















Contacts

RealD Inc.Investor Contact:Andrew Greenebaum / 
      Laura Bainbridge310-829-5400investors@reald.comorMedia 
      Contact:Will Hammond424-702-4758whammond@reald.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up















Suhail Rizvi - Wikipedia





















 






Suhail Rizvi

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Suhail R. Rizvi


Born
1965 (1965) (age 52)
India


Nationality
American


Alma mater
Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania (B.S.)


Occupation
Venture Capitalist


Employer
Chief Investment Officer at Rizvi Traverse Management LLC


Suhail R. Rizvi is co-founder and Chief Investment Officer of Rizvi Traverse Management LLC.[1] He has a Bachelor of Science in Economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, and sits on the Wharton Undergraduate Executive Board.[2] A venture capitalist, his investments include Twitter, Facebook, Flipboard and Square.[3] Due to his large stake in Twitter, both personally and for other investors, he was the subject of media scrutiny at the time of Twitter's IPO; he is notoriously private.[4]
Along with social media, Rizvi has invested in telecommunications and entertainment.[5] In April 2007, Rizvi Traverse acquired an equity ownership stake in Summit Entertainment, the studio behind the successful “Twilight” series. In January 2012, Lions Gate announced that it had acquired Summit Entertainment for $412.5 million.[6] In 2005, his firm acquired controlling interest in International Creative Management,[7] but sold its stake.[8] After management problems with the Hollywood talent agency, Rizvi Traverse Management exchanged its equity, "for a combination of cash, preferred non-voting shares and an ongoing interest in certain assets of the company."[8][9] The firm also helped Hugh Hefner buy back Playboy Enterprises in 2011.[10] In November 2015, the company announced the acquisition of 3D cinema technology firm RealD for $551 million.[11][12] His father Syied Humayoun Raza Rizvi, who died in July 2016, was a professor of psychology at Ellsworth Community College in Iowa Falls.[13]
His brother, Ashraf, is a hedge fund manager.
References[edit]



^ "Suhail Rizvi - Rizvi Traverse Management LLC". 
^ "Undergraduate Executive Board - The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania". 
^ "Suhail Rizvi: Twitter’s secret investor with 15% stake of more than $1 billion - Reuters". 
^ "At Twitter, Working Behind the Scenes Toward a Billion-Dollar Payday". 
^ "Company Overview of Rizvi Traverse Management LLC - Bloomberg Businessweek". 
^ "Lions Gate Acquires Summit Entertainment for $412.5 Million - Bloomberg News". 
^ "$100-Million Infusion Puts Talent Firm in Position to Deal - LA Times". 
^ a b "ICM agents complete buyout of agency from Berg and Rizvi Traverse - LA Times Reporter". 
^ "At Twitter, Working Behind the Scenes Toward a Billion-Dollar Payday". Retrieved 11 December 2013. 
^ "Hugh Hefner reaches deal to take Playboy private - LA Times". 
^ Spangler, Todd. "RealD to Go Private in $551 Million Deal With Private-Equity Firm Rizvi Traverse". Variety. Retrieved 2016-02-18. 
^ Minaya, Ezequiel. "Rizvi Traverse to Buy RealD in $551 Million Deal". Wall Street Journal. ISSN 0099-9660. Retrieved 2016-02-18. 
^ "Suhail Rizvi, the newly-minted Twitter billionaire from India". 



External links[edit]

Suhail Rizvi CrunchBase profile
Rizvi Traverse website





This article about a United States businessperson is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Suhail_Rizvi&oldid=786512613"					
Categories: Living peopleAmerican computer businesspeopleAmerican financial businesspeopleAmerican venture capitalistsWharton School of the University of Pennsylvania alumni1965 birthsAmerican business biography stubsHidden categories: Articles with hCardsAll stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 19 June 2017, at 23:02.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Rizvi Traverse Management LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:09 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Rizvi Traverse Management LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Rizvi Traverse Management LLC is a private equity firm specializing in investments in late stage, management buyouts, management buy-ins, acquisitions, recapitalizations, PIPEs, privatization, turnarounds, restructurings, complex transactions, bankruptcies and reorganizations, and growth capital investments. The firm seeks to invest in Pre-IPO opportunities with a focus on Technology, e-commerce, and social media. It focuses on the United States companies. The firm invests between $25 million and $1000 million in transactions in its portfolio companies. Rizvi Traverse Management LLC is based in Birmingham, Michigan with additional offices in New York, New York, and Beverly Hills, California.


260 East Brown StreetSuite 380Birmingham, MI 48009United StatesFounded in 2004



Phone: 248-594-4751

Fax: 248-594-4754

www.rizvitraverse.com







Key Executives for Rizvi Traverse Management LLC




Mr. Suhail R. Rizvi


      	Co-Founder, Head, and Chief Investment Officer
      


Age: 51
        







Mr. John Angelo Giampetroni


      	Co-Founder and Chief Operating Officer
      








Mr. Todd Knowles CPA


      	Chief Financial Officer
      








Mr. Ben Kohn


      	Managing Partner
      








Mr. Hayden V. Bower CPA


      	Managing Director 
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      January 4, 2017
			    
SESAC Holdings, Inc.



Merger/Acquisition

			      October 26, 2016
			    
Vessel Group, Inc.



Merger/Acquisition

			      September 14, 2016
			    
Key Air, LLC





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Rizvi Traverse Management LLC, please visit www.rizvitraverse.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















RealD Agrees to Be Acquired by Rizvi Traverse Management in a $551M Deal - TheStreet

































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































RealD Agrees to Be Acquired by Rizvi Traverse Management in a $551M Deal









Armie Margaret Lee




Nov 9, 2015 3:40 PM EST













 












































































 3D cinema technology company RealD Inc. said Monday it agreed to be acquired by private equity firm Rizvi Traverse Management LLC in a transaction valued at $551 million, including net debt. RealD shareholders will receive $11 in cash for each share of the company's common stock. That represents a premium of approximately 19% on the company's trading price on October 1, 2014, when activist investor Starboard Value made a hostile bid to acquire Beverly Hills, Calif.-based RealD. Last month, The Deal included RealD on a list of activist situations to watch. Starboard Value's Jeff Smith, a 10% shareholder of RealD, has been for months on the verge of nominating a slate of dissident directors to RealD's board, people familiar with the situation told The Deal's Ron Orol. 



 



 










































If you liked this article you might like













RealD (RLD) Stock Gains on Sale to Rizvi Traverse
RealD (RLD) shares are higher following the announcement that Rizvi Traverse will acquire the company for $11 a share.



Lindsay Ingram

Nov 9, 2015 11:47 AM EST
























What's Next for These Companies Targeted by Activists?
Jive Software, RealD and Brink's are targeted by activist investors -- and in each case a catalyst may be around the corner that could move the stock price.



Ronald Orol

Oct 7, 2015 9:01 AM EDT
























Blockbuster Summer Movies Have High Impact on RealD Activism
Theater technology company RealD is having a blockbuster summer, along with rival Imax, as special effect movies like Jurassic World, Furious 7 and Avengers land in a theater near you.



Paula Schaap

Jul 2, 2015 2:50 PM EDT








































 











Trending


Starbucks Shares Are Crashing; Go Out and Buy!


I Believe 'Ugly' Would Be the Proper Term for the Selloff: Market Recon


Here's How You Can Get a Decent Job at Amazon on August 2


Don't Buy the Hype, Twitter Isn't Dead Yet; AT&T, Verizon Prove Their Worth


Twitter's Jack Dorsey on the Hot Seat Again After Company Adds ZERO New Users











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 












 







VC Firm Sues Rizvi Traverse Over Film Flop - Law360
































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help










Make sure you don't miss any Law360 breaking news.
Download our plug-in for Chrome to get customizable, real-time news alerts 





VC Firm Sues Rizvi Traverse Over Film Flop



        By Stewart Bishop



					Law360, New York (August 24, 2011,  1:56 PM EDT) -- A venture capital and private equity firm sued Rizvi Traverse Management LLC in Texas federal court on Tuesday, alleging Rizvi misled investors about the commercial viability of the 2010 film "Tekken," which flopped at the box office.Small Ventures USA LP alleges Rizvi convinced it to make an investment worth $10 million in a loan owned by for the production of "Tekken" — a film based on the popular video game of the same name — despite the fact that Rizvi knew the loan to sponsor the...
				
To view the full article, register now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login










 Add to Briefcase

 Printable Version
 Rights/Reprints
 Editorial Contacts

Documents


 Complaint


Related
Sections



Media & Entertainment



Private Equity



Texas


Case Information
Case Title


Small Ventures USA, L.P. v. Rizvi Traverse Management, LLC et al


Case Number

4:11-cv-03072

Court
Texas Southern
Nature of Suit
370(Other Fraud)
Judge
Judge Ewing Werlein, Jr
Date Filed
August 23, 2011
Law Firms

 Greenberg Traurig







			Check out Law360's new podcast, Pro Say, which offers a weekly recap of both the biggest stories and hidden gems from the world of law.
		

Listen To Our Latest



Most Popular


1
NY High Court Judge's Death Ruled A Suicide


2
Linklaters Atty Denies Link To Husband's Alleged Fraud


3
How To Manage Health Care Costs And Keep Lawyers Happy


4
J&J Hid Talc Cancer Risk To Save Image, Calif. Jury Told


5
Quincy Jones Wins $9.4M From Michael Jackson Co. At Trial















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Media & Entertainment
											

 Private Equity
											

 Texas
											

 Show all interests


 Aerospace & Defense
													

 Appellate
													

 Asset Management
													

 Automotive
													

 Banking
													

 Bankruptcy
													

 California
													

 Capital Markets
													

 Class Action
													

 Commercial Contracts
													

 Competition
													

 Consumer Protection
													

 Corporate
													

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
													

 Delaware
													

 Employment
													

 Energy
													

 Environmental
													

 Financial Services Uk
													

 Florida
													

 Food & Beverage
													

 Government Contracts
													

 Health
													

 Hospitality
													

 Illinois
													

 Immigration
													

 Insurance
													

 Insurance Uk
													

 Intellectual Property
													

 International Arbitration
													

 International Trade
													

 Law360 In Depth
													

 Legal Ethics
													

 Life Sciences
													

 Medical Malpractice
													

 Mergers & Acquisitions
													

 Native American
													

 New Jersey
													

 New York
													

 Pennsylvania
													

 Product Liability
													

 Project Finance
													

 Public Policy
													

 Real Estate
													

 Retail & E Commerce
													

 Securities
													

 Sports
													

 Tax
													

 Technology
													

 Telecommunications
													

 Transportation
													

 Trials
													

 White Collar
													







Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In
















×
Sign up for our free Media & Entertainment newsletter






You must correct or enter the following before you can sign up:




Please provide a professional email:



 Select more newsletters to receive for free




 Aerospace & Defense
												



 Appellate
												



 Asset Management
												



 Automotive
												



 Banking
												



 Bankruptcy
												



 California
												



 Capital Markets
												



 Class Action
												



 Commercial Contracts
												



 Competition
												



 Consumer Protection
												



 Corporate
												



 Cybersecurity & Privacy
												



 Delaware
												



 Employment
												



 Energy
												



 Environmental
												



 Florida
												



 Food & Beverage
												



 Government Contracts
												



 Health
												



 Hospitality
												



 Illinois
												



 Immigration
												



 Insurance
												



 Intellectual Property
												



 International Arbitration
												





 International Trade
												



 Law360 In-Depth
												



 Legal Ethics
												



 Legal Industry
												



 Life Sciences
												



 Media & Entertainment
												



 Medical Malpractice
												



 Mergers & Acquisitions
												



 Native American
												



 New Jersey
												



 New York
												



 Pennsylvania
												



 Private Equity
												



 Product Liability
												



 Project Finance
												



 Public Policy
												



 Real Estate
												



 Retail & E-Commerce
												



 Securities
												



 Sports
												



 Tax
												



 Technology
												



 Telecommunications
												



 Texas
												



 Transportation
												



 Trials
												



 White Collar
												




No Thanks
Sign up now





Thank You!


















James  Caballes - Project Manager at Rizvi Traverse Management LLC



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





James  Caballes
Project Manager at Rizvi Traverse Management LLC



Overview
Relationships Paths
Education Career History Political Donations 


James  Caballes
Project Manager at Rizvi Traverse Management LLC



 Overview



Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 19 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Hayden V. Bower

Managing Director at Rizvi Traverse Management LLC




Bernhard L. Kohn III

Partner at Rizvi Traverse Management LLC





George Akopov

Director at Rizvi Traverse Management LLC




Karen  Blanchard

Chief Compliance Officer at Rizvi Traverse Management LLC





Todd Knowles

Chief Financial Officer at Rizvi Traverse Management LLC




Suhail R. Rizvi

Founder/CIO at Rizvi Traverse Management LLC





John A. Giampetroni

Founder/Chief Operating Officer at Rizvi Traverse Management LLC




Ben Kohn

Chief Executive Officer at Playboy Enterprises, Inc.





Audrey DiMarzo

Partner at Honigman Miller Schwartz and Cohn LLP




Jennifer Rudoy

Senior Accountant at Rizvi Traverse Management LLC







See 9 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 9 More 


 


 Paths to James  Caballes



            James  Caballes          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 James  Caballes






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with James  Caballes.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



BS in Business Administration & Industrial Relations 


Seton Hall University - W. Paul Stillman School of Business







 Career History



Project Manager

                                    2007 - Current                


Rizvi Traverse Management LLC


                  Rizvi Traverse Management employs a value-oriented, opportunistic investment strategy that combines capital with management expertise. They focus on telecommunications, electronics, media, manufacturing and finance. Rizvi invests in companies in need of growth capital or acquisition financing, turnaround and restructuring opportunities, recapitalizations, bankruptcies, reorganizations, privatizations, divestitures, PIPES, MBOs and MBIs.                





 Political Donations



$1,000

                  2007                


Barack Obama


                  Former President of United States                





 Other Affiliations




              James  Caballes is affiliated with
                            Rizvi Traverse Management LLC.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















Rizvi Traverse Management LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback































rizvi traverse management llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Companies
Rizvi Traverse Management LLC operates as an investment management firm. The Company offers portfolio management, financial planning, and investment advisory services. Rizvi Traverse Management serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

260 East Brown Street
Suite 380
Birmingham, MI 48009
United States


Phone:
1-248-594-4751


Fax:
1-248-594-4754


Web url:
www.rizvitraverse.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Ben Kohn


Managing Partner




Hayden V Bower


Managing Director




Todd Knowles


Chief Financial Officer




Suhail R Rizvi


Chief Invsmt Ofcr/Co-Founder




John A Giampetroni


COO/Co-Founder




Karen Marie Blanchard


Chief Compliance Officer




Audrey Dimarzo


Principal/General Counsel




George Akopov


Director







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






































At Twitter, Working Behind the Scenes Toward a Billion-Dollar Payday - Rizvi Traverse

































































Rizvi Traverse



Portfolio
Team
News
Contact
 
 
 
 




<< All News

At Twitter, Working Behind the Scenes Toward a Billion-Dollar Payday
November 7th, 2013 via New York Times
 

Prince Alwaleed bin Talal of Saudi Arabia looks like a big Twitter winner. So do the moneyed clients of Jamie Dimon.
But as you’ve-got-to-be-joking wealth washed over Twitter on Thursday — a company that didn’t exist eight years ago was worth $31.7 billion after its first day on the stock market — the non-boldface name of the moment is Suhail R. Rizvi.
Mr. Rizvi, 47, runs a private investment company that is the largest outside investor in Twitter, with a 15.6 percent stake worth $3.8 billion at the end of trading on Thursday. Using a web of connections in the tech industry and in finance, as well as a hearty dose of good timing, he brought many prominent names in at the ground floor, including the Saudi prince and some of JPMorgan’s wealthiest clients.
Twitter’s successful opening also made gushing winners out of the usual suspects, including its co-founders Jack Dorsey and Evan Williams and a spate of more traditional tech investors. But Mr. Rizvi’s rise illustrates how a new tech investor class with deep Wall Street connections is carving new paths into the unfamiliar and insular terrain of Silicon Valley.
Traditionally, stalwart venture capital firms like Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Accel Partners use their location in the Valley and their sizable funds to buy a piece of a start-up and have a hand in the company’s direction. And Benchmark Capital and Spark Capital, two such companies, did get sizable pieces of Twitter.
But Mr. Rizvi and others like him have formed a network of investors, including prominent mutual fund companies like Fidelity, T. Rowe Price and BlackRock, that sometimes have even deeper pockets and a willingness to buy smaller pieces and assume no management control.
Many start-ups say they value the new source of hands-off capital from these investors outside Silicon Valley’s palace intrigue. Aaref Hilaly, a venture capitalist at Sequoia Capital, a top venture company in the Valley, said the new type of investors could offer entrepreneurs some breathing room.
The entrepreneurs “don’t have to have all their assets tied up in a company, which is inherently risky,” he said. “It lets them have their cake and eat it too.”
Still, some of Mr. Rizvi’s counterparts on Sand Hill Road, the epicenter of venture capital, say the influx of new money will drive up start-up valuations in what is already a crowded part of the market.
“We all know how this plays out,” said Paul Kedrosky, a venture capitalist and entrepreneur. “There is no question that this is fueling some kind of bubble.”
Investors taking part in this new strategy include Chase Coleman, of the Manhattan hedge fund Tiger Global, who rolled a large pre-offering stake in Facebook into other hot start-ups, and Thomas Laffont, at Coatue Management, another Wall Street hedge fund that recently set up shop on Sand Hill Road.
But Twitter’s public offering represents a coming-out party for Mr. Rizvi, who remains largely a mystery in Silicon Valley despite his growing number of tech investments. In Silicon Valley, and even at Twitter’s San Francisco headquarters, prominent investors and executives said they had not heard his name until it popped up in public disclosures by the company last month.
Mr. Rizvi declined several requests for an interview. But interviews with nine people who are close to Mr. Rizvi or have worked with him on past deals, all of whom would speak only if they were not named, painted a picture of him as a strategic power broker who prefers to operate behind the scenes.
His money and connections have also led to slices of several other hot start-ups: Flipboard, the social news app; Pinterest, an online pinboard; Square, Jack Dorsey’s payments service; and of course Twitter, Mr. Dorsey’s other company.
Mr. Rizvi was born in India and raised in Iowa Falls, Iowa, and although he is known as a quiet man, he has built a powerful and diverse group of friends from his perch in Greenwich, Conn. Those in his circle include Richard Branson, founder of the Virgin Group, and Salar Kamangar, chief executive of YouTube. And Mr. Rizvi has been seen partying atop Eric Schmidt’s yacht, the Oasis, at Cannes.
Before finding a path to Silicon Valley, Mr. Rizvi invested in telecoms and manufacturing, but his biggest moves were in the entertainment industry. In 2004, he asked a mutual friend to introduce him to Jeff Berg, then chairman of International Creative Management, the talent agency, which was looking to expand. A year later, Mr. Rizvi led a private equity investment in I.C.M., taking a controlling stake for $100 million — with $95 million in debt financing from Merrill Lynch.
 
 
 
<< All News
 
 
 
 

Top













Contact - Rizvi Traverse


























































Rizvi Traverse



Portfolio
Team
News
Contact
 
 
 
 



Contact










Offices


Birmingham, MI
260 East Brown Street, Suite 380
Birmingham, MI 48009
Phone: (248) 594-4751
Fax: (248) 594-4754


New York, NY
575 Madison Avenue, 7th Floor
New York, NY 10022
Phone: (646) 385-8700
Fax: (646) 385-8729




Los Angeles, CA
9346 Civic Center Drive, #200
Beverly Hills, CA 90210
Phone: (310) 786-7443
Fax: (310) 786-1792




Media Inquiries


Brunswick Group
Phone: (212) 333-3810
Fax: (212) 333-3811
Justin Dini
245 Park Avenue, 14th Floor
New York, NY 10167




 
 
 
 
 
 

Top













Home - Rizvi Traverse


























































Rizvi Traverse



Portfolio
Team
News
Contact
 
 
 
 











We invest in companies pushing the limits of technology.




We work closely with management teams to grow unique platforms.




We partner with the world's most iconic brands.




We help scale innovative technology companies disrupting industries.




Our disciplined strategy creates value for our investors.




We invest in creative approaches to monetizing traditional marketplaces.











A Track Record Of Success.
We invest in companies like:




ICM
ICM is a full service talent agency representing the leading figures in film, TV, music, publishing and entertainment.





Flipboard
Flipboard lets people discover and share content in beautiful, simple, and meaningful ways.





Square
Square makes commerce easy for everyone.







SESAC
Founded in 1930, SESAC is a performance rights organization representing some of the world’s most talented and popular artists.





Twitter
Twitter helps users create and share ideas and information instantly, without barriers.





Summit
Summit, a top producing film studio with hits such as the Twilight Series, was acquired by Lions Gate in 2012.



View Portfolio >>


 
 
 






 
 
 




About Our Firm




Consistent Strategy
We look for opportunities to invest with significant downside protection and compelling upside to generate superior returns.




Opportunistic Focus
We take a creative approach toward deal structuring to accommodate the unique needs of each transaction and seller.




Value-Driven Control Investments
We invest in high quality businesses in special or proprietary situations where we can leverage our team’s experience to deliver value for our investors.




Growth Capital Investments
We are late stage investors in high growth, high potential industries.  We invest from $25 million to over $1 billion in transactions.






 
 
 






 
 
 




In The News


April 15th, 2014 via WSJ

Twitter Co-Founders, CEO Won’t Sell Shares
 


December 9th, 2013 via TechCrunch

Confirmed: Flipboard Raises Another $50 Million To Close Out Its Series C Round
 


November 7th, 2013 via New York Times

At Twitter, Working Behind the Scenes Toward a Billion-Dollar Payday
 


View All >>


 
 
 
 
 
 

Top















News - Rizvi Traverse


























































Rizvi Traverse



Portfolio
Team
News
Contact
 
 
 
 



News






Filter by Investment 
All
Twitter
Square
SESAC
Flipboard
Summit Entertainment
ICM
Jawbone


 




Twitter Co-Founders, CEO Won’t Sell Shares
April 15th, 2014 via WSJ


 

 




Confirmed: Flipboard Raises Another $50 Million To Close Out Its Series C Round
December 9th, 2013 via TechCrunch


 

 




At Twitter, Working Behind the Scenes Toward a Billion-Dollar Payday
November 7th, 2013 via New York Times


 

 




From Chance Encounter, Path to Twitter Riches
October 26th, 2013 via WSJ


 

 




Insight: Little-known Hollywood investor poised to score with Twitter IPO
October 3rd, 2013 via Reuters


 

 




Exclusive: Flipboard Raises $50 Million More on $800 Million Valuation
September 23rd, 2013 via AllThingsD


 

 




Questions Answered on Rizvi Traverse’s SESAC Investment
January 22nd, 2013 via Billboard


 

 




Music Rights Company SESAC Sells Majority Stake
January 2nd, 2013 via WSJ


 

 




Square Expects New Financing and a Loftier Value
July 24th, 2012 via New York Times


 

 




Lions Gate Acquires Summit Entertainment for $412.5 Million
January 14th, 2012 via Bloomberg


 

 




The World Is A Vampire Movie: Lionsgate Grabs Summit
January 13th, 2012 via WSJ


 

 




Playboy Enterprises Agrees to Go Private in $6.15-Share Hefner-Led Buyout
January 10th, 2011 via Bloomberg


 

 




$100-Million Infusion Puts Talent Firm in Position to Deal
November 2nd, 2005 via LA Times


 

 




Rizvi, Merrill Lynch finance recapitalisation of ICM
November 2nd, 2005 via ScreenDaily


 

 
 
 
 

 

Top













Team - Rizvi Traverse

























































Rizvi Traverse



Portfolio
Team
News
Contact
 
 
 
 



Team







Senior Team





Suhail Rizvi
Founder / CIO


Mr. Rizvi is co-founder and Chief Investment Officer of Rizvi Traverse Management.  He has over 26 years of private equity investing, operations and management experience.


 



John A. Giampetroni
Founder / COO


Mr. Giampetroni is a co-founder and member of the Investment Committee of Rizvi Traverse.  Mr. Giampetroni has over 25 years of investing experience.


 



Ben Kohn
Managing Partner


Mr. Kohn is a Managing Partner and leads Rizvi Traverse’s Los Angeles office. Mr. Kohn is a member of the investment committee of Rizvi Traverse and has over 18 years of investing experience.


 

 


Investment Team





Hayden Bower
Managing Director


Hayden V. Bower has over 17 years of experience in private equity, mergers and acquisitions and corporate finance.


 



George Akopov
Director


Mr. Akopov is a Director at Rizvi Traverse and has over 10 years of experience in private equity, mergers and acquisitions, corporate finance and accounting.  Mr. Akopov also holds an MBA from UCLA Anderson School of Management.


 



Michael Hall
Associate


Michael Hall, CPA, is an Analyst at Rizvi Traverse with over 7 years of experience in mergers and acquisitions, corporate finance and accounting.


 
 
 


Operations Team





Todd Knowles
CFO


Mr. Knowles is the Chief Financial Officer and is responsible for managing the financial reporting, accounting, fund administration and tax compliance functions for the firm.


 



Audrey DiMarzo
Principal and General Counsel


Ms. DiMarzo is Principal and General Counsel of Rizvi Traverse and has over 17 years of legal experience in private equity, venture capital, mergers and acquisition and securities law compliance.  Ms. DiMarzo received a J.D. from Harvard Law School.


 



Karen Blanchard
CCO


Ms. Blanchard is the Chief Compliance Officer. Ms. Blanchard is responsible for managing all administrative functions of the firm, including compliance, regulatory, legal, and human resources.


 



James Caballes
Project Manager


James Caballes joined Rizvi Traverse Management in March 2007 and has over 30 years of experience in marketing, sales and operations, information technology, and improving corporate efficiencies.


 




Jennifer Rudoy
Accountant


Ms. Rudoy is a Senior Accountant at Rizvi Traverse Management and is responsible for assisting with all finance and accounting functions for the firm.


 



Jing Situ
Accountant


Ms. Situ is a fund controller at Rizvi Traverse Management and is responsible for accounting and tax functions under the supervision of the Chief Financial Officer.


 



Anna Cianci
Office Admin


Ms. Cianci is responsible for the administrative functions of the firm’s New York office.


 



Jennifer Upward
Office Admin


Ms. Upward is responsible for the administrative functions of the firm’s Michigan office.


 
 
 

 
 
 
 

Top












Rizvi Traverse Management, LLC and Ziegler Capital Management, LLC Announce Transaction | news.sys-con.com























 
















Welcome! 



Register | Sign-in 



Search 








Jump to a Magazine
Cloud
Internet of Things
Big Data<
FinTech
DevOps
Containers
SDN
AI
WebRTC
Java
Linux
Machine Learning
Microservices
Cognitive Computing
Mobile
Security












Home
Subscribe
Advertise
Authors
Topics
Videos
Events
Webcasts








Cloud|
IoT|
Big Data|
FinTech|
DevOps|
Containers|
SDN|
AI|
WebRTC |
Java|
Linux|
ML|
Microservices|
Cognitive Computing|
Mobile |
Security










 
 



















News Feed Item
Rizvi Traverse Management, LLC and Ziegler Capital Management, LLC Announce Transaction 










By Marketwired .
Article Rating:





Select ratingGive it 1/5Give it 2/5Give it 3/5Give it 4/5Give it 5/5










May 21, 2010 04:00 PM EDT
Reads:
216




Related


Print




Email


Feedback

Add This


Blog This









BIRMINGHAM, MI and CHICAGO, IL -- (Marketwire) -- 05/21/10 --   Rizvi Traverse Management, LLC (Rizvi), a private equity firm and Ziegler Capital Management, LLC (ZCM), a subsidiary of The Ziegler Companies, Inc. (PINKSHEETS: ZGCO) announced today that they are partnering with ZCM management and have signed a unit purchase agreement. Under the terms of the agreement, Rizvi and ZCM management purchased 51% of the outstanding units of Ziegler Capital Management, LLC.

Suhail Rizvi, co-founder and chief investment officer, and John Giampetroni, co-founder and chief operating officer, had this to say about the successful transaction close, "We are excited about the potential this transaction brings to our firm and our current and prospective clients. ZCM's investment management capabilities and our distribution expertise make a powerful combination."

Tom Paprocki, chief executive officer of The Ziegler Companies, Inc., shared earlier today that Scott Roberts, ZCM's current president, will become the chief executive officer of the newly structured Ziegler Capital Management, LLC. Roberts offered, "We are pleased with our newly formed relationship with Rizvi -- an excellent growth opportunity for our business. We expect the Rizvi/ZCM collaboration will build a broad based company with increased capacity to introduce new institutional clients to ZCM's high quality products and services."

For access to Rizvi's press releases, please visit www.RizviTraverse.com. For access to Ziegler's press releases and financial statements, please visit www.Ziegler.com.





About Rizvi Traverse Management, LLC

Rizvi Traverse Management, LLC is a private equity firm founded in 2004, headquartered in Birmingham, Michigan with offices in New York and Los Angeles. Rizvi Traverse Management, LLC seeks value-oriented investment opportunities across all industries.

About Ziegler Capital Management, LLC

Ziegler Capital Management, LLC, with offices in Chicago and Milwaukee, provides separate account management for individuals, corporations, foundations and endowments. Total assets under management are approximately $2.82 billion as of March 31, 2010.

About The Ziegler Companies, Inc.

The Ziegler Companies, Inc. (PINKSHEETS: ZGCO) is a growth-oriented boutique investment services firm with a primary focus in the healthcare, senior living and church and school sectors. Operations encompass capital markets (capital advisory services, bond underwriting, mortgage banking, institutional sales and trading) and wealth management, including asset management and alternative investments.

Certain comments in this news release represent forward-looking statements made pursuant to the provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, in particular, the overall financial health of the securities industry, the strength of the healthcare sector of the U.S. economy and the municipal securities marketplace, the ability of the Company to underwrite and distribute securities, the market value of mutual fund portfolios and separate account portfolios advised by the Company, the volume of sales by its retail brokers, the outcome of pending litigation, and the ability to attract and retain qualified employees.


Contact:
Leslie Lynch
312-596-1630
Email Contact 


 

                  Published May 21, 2010                                     Reads 216                                    
                  Copyright © 2010 SYS-CON Media, Inc. — All Rights Reserved.
                  
                  Syndicated stories and blog feeds, all rights reserved by the author.
                


Related


Print




Email


Feedback

Add This


Blog This






More Stories By Marketwired .
Copyright © 2009 Marketwired. All rights reserved. All the news releases provided by Marketwired are copyrighted. Any forms of copying other than an individual user's personal reference without express written permission is prohibited. Further distribution of these materials is strictly forbidden, including but not limited to, posting, emailing, faxing, archiving in a public database, redistributing via a computer network or in a printed form.



Latest Stories[slides] ‘Known Unknown' of Big Data in IoTBy Elizabeth WhiteIoT is at the core or many Digital Transformation initiatives with the goal of re-inventing a company's business model. We all agree that collecting relevant IoT data will result in massive amounts of data needing to be stored. However, with the rapid development of IoT devices and ongoing business model transformation, we are not able to predict the volume and growth of IoT data. And with the lack of IoT history, traditional methods of IT and infrastructure planning based on the past do not app...Jul. 28, 2017 10:00 AM EDT  Reads: 437read more & respond »DXWorldExpo to “Sponsor” Cloud Expo CASYS-CON Events announced today that DXWorldExpo has been named “Global Sponsor” of SYS-CON's 21st International Cloud Expo, which will take place on Oct 31 – Nov 2, 2017, at the Santa Clara Convention Center in Santa Clara, CA. Digital Transformation is the key issue driving the global enterprise IT business. Digital Transformation is most prominent among Global 2000 enterprises and government institutions.Jul. 28, 2017 09:45 AM EDT  Reads: 1,402read more & respond »Datera to "Exhibit" at @CloudExpo Silicon ValleyBy Yeshim DenizSYS-CON Events announced today that Datera, that offers a radically new data management architecture, has been named "Exhibitor" of SYS-CON's 21st International Cloud Expo ®, which will take place on Oct 31 - Nov 2, 2017, at the Santa Clara Convention Center in Santa Clara, CA.

Datera is transforming the traditional datacenter model through modern cloud simplicity.

The technology industry is at another major inflection point. The rise of mobile, the Internet of Things, data storage and Big...Jul. 28, 2017 09:45 AM EDT  Reads: 1,291read more & respond »[session] European Data RegulationsBy Liz McMillanWith tough new regulations coming to Europe on data privacy in May 2018, Calligo will explain why in reality the effect is global and transforms how you consider critical data. EU GDPR fundamentally rewrites the rules for cloud, Big Data and IoT. 
In his session at 21st Cloud Expo, Adam Ryan, Vice President and General Manager EMEA at Calligo, will examine the regulations and provide insight on how it affects technology, challenges the established rules and will usher in new levels of diligence...Jul. 28, 2017 09:45 AM EDT  Reads: 652read more & respond »[slides] IoT the Meteor, OT the Dinosaur?By Elizabeth WhiteIn his session at @ThingsExpo, Sudarshan Krishnamurthi, a Senior Manager, Business Strategy, at Cisco Systems, discussed how IT and operational technology (OT) work together, as opposed to being in separate siloes as once was traditional. Attendees learned how to fully leverage the power of IoT in their organization by bringing the two sides together and bridging the communication gap. He also looked at what good leadership must entail in order to accomplish this, and how IT managers can be the ...Jul. 28, 2017 09:05 AM EDT  Reads: 127read more & respond »DXWorldEXPO Announces Its Leadership TeamBy Yeshim DenizDX World EXPO, LLC., a Lighthouse Point, Florida-based startup trade show producer and the creator of "DXWorldEXPO® - Digital Transformation Conference & Expo" has announced its executive management team. The team is headed by Levent Selamoglu, who has been named CEO. "Now is the time for a truly global DX event, to bring together the leading minds from the technology world in a conversation about Digital Transformation," he said in making the announcement.Jul. 28, 2017 08:15 AM EDT  Reads: 2,189read more & respond »[slides] Reinventing IT Operations for Big DataBy Pat RomanskiAs businesses adopt functionalities in cloud computing, it’s imperative that IT operations consistently ensure cloud systems work correctly – all of the time, and to their best capabilities. In his session at @BigDataExpo, Bernd Harzog, CEO and founder of OpsDataStore, presented an industry answer to the common question, “Are you running IT operations as efficiently and as cost effectively as you need to?” He then expounded on the industry issues he frequently came up against as an analyst, and ...Jul. 28, 2017 07:45 AM EDT  Reads: 398read more & respond »[session] Manage Your Smart HomeBy Elizabeth WhiteEverything run by electricity will eventually be connected to the Internet. 
Get ahead of the Internet of Things revolution and join Akvelon expert and IoT industry leader, Sergey Grebnov, in his session at @ThingsExpo, for an educational dive into the world of managing your home, workplace and all the devices they contain with the power of machine-based AI and intelligent Bot services for a completely streamlined experience.Jul. 28, 2017 07:30 AM EDT  Reads: 710read more & respond »SkyScale to Exhibit at Cloud Expo CABy Pat RomanskiSYS-CON Events announced today that SkyScale will exhibit at SYS-CON's 21st International Cloud Expo®, which will take place on Oct 31 – Nov 2, 2017, at the Santa Clara Convention Center in Santa Clara, CA.
SkyScale is a world-class provider of cloud-based, ultra-fast multi-GPU hardware platforms for lease to customers desiring the fastest performance available as a service anywhere in the world. SkyScale builds, configures, and manages dedicated systems strategically located in maximum-securit...Jul. 28, 2017 07:30 AM EDT  Reads: 721read more & respond »[video] Outscale's Custom Infrastructure ServicesBy Elizabeth White"Outscale was founded in 2010, is based in France, is a strategic partner to Dassault Systémes and has done quite a bit of work with divisions of Dassault," explained Jackie Funk, Digital Marketing exec at Outscale, in this SYS-CON.tv interview at 20th Cloud Expo, held June 6-8, 2017, at the Javits Center in New York City, NY.Jul. 28, 2017 07:15 AM EDT  Reads: 1,374read more & respond »[slides] IoT and the Security ImplicationsBy Elizabeth WhiteIn the enterprise today, connected IoT devices are everywhere – both inside and outside corporate environments. The need to identify, manage, control and secure a quickly growing web of connections and outside devices is making the already challenging task of security even more important, and onerous. In his session at @ThingsExpo, Rich Boyer, CISO and Chief Architect for Security at NTT i3, discussed new ways of thinking and the approaches needed to address the emerging challenges of security i...Jul. 28, 2017 07:00 AM EDT  Reads: 501read more & respond »[video] Catchpoint's Digital Experience MonitoringBy Liz McMillan"With Digital Experience Monitoring what used to be a simple visit to a web page has exploded into app on phones, data from social media feeds, competitive benchmarking - these are all components that are only available because of some type of digital asset," explained Leo Vasiliou, Director of Web Performance Engineering at Catchpoint Systems, in this SYS-CON.tv interview at DevOps Summit at 20th Cloud Expo, held June 6-8, 2017, at the Javits Center in New York City, NY.Jul. 28, 2017 06:45 AM EDT  Reads: 1,327read more & respond »[video] Scale-Out Storage with StorageCraft By Liz McMillan"We were founded in 2003 and the way we were founded was about good backup and good disaster recovery for our clients, and for the last 20 years we've been pretty consistent with that," noted Marc Malafronte, Territory Manager at StorageCraft, in this SYS-CON.tv interview at 20th Cloud Expo, held June 6-8, 2017, at the Javits Center in New York City, NY.Jul. 28, 2017 06:30 AM EDT  Reads: 1,265read more & respond »[video] @Nutanix's DevOps JourneyBy Pat Romanski"At the keynote this morning we spoke about the value proposition of Nutanix, of having a DevOps culture and a mindset, and the business outcomes of achieving agility and scale, which everybody here is trying to accomplish," noted Mark Lavi, DevOps Solution Architect at Nutanix, in this SYS-CON.tv interview at @DevOpsSummit at 20th Cloud Expo, held June 6-8, 2017, at the Javits Center in New York City, NY.Jul. 28, 2017 06:15 AM EDT  Reads: 1,287read more & respond »[video] DivvyCloud's Automated SolutionsBy Pat Romanski"DivvyCloud as a company set out to help customers automate solutions to the most common cloud problems," noted Jeremy Snyder, VP of Business Development at DivvyCloud, in this SYS-CON.tv interview at 20th Cloud Expo, held June 6-8, 2017, at the Javits Center in New York City, NY.Jul. 28, 2017 05:45 AM EDT  Reads: 1,297read more & respond »MORE »




Latest Stories[slides] ‘Known Unknown' of Big Data in IoTBy Elizabeth WhiteJul. 28, 2017 10:00 AM EDTDatera to "Exhibit" at @CloudExpo Silicon ValleyBy Yeshim DenizJul. 28, 2017 09:45 AM EDTDXWorldExpo to “Sponsor” Cloud Expo CAJul. 28, 2017 09:45 AM EDT[session] European Data RegulationsBy Liz McMillanJul. 28, 2017 09:45 AM EDTLessons from a GDPR Compliance JourneyBy Angsuman DuttaJul. 28, 2017 09:43 AM EDT[slides] IoT the Meteor, OT the Dinosaur?By Elizabeth WhiteJul. 28, 2017 09:05 AM EDTDXWorldEXPO Announces Its Leadership TeamBy Yeshim DenizJul. 28, 2017 08:15 AM EDTBuilding & Securing the Workplace of the FutureBy Karyn JefferyJul. 28, 2017 08:00 AM EDT[slides] Reinventing IT Operations for Big DataBy Pat RomanskiJul. 28, 2017 07:45 AM EDTIs DevOps Falling into the Maturity Trap?By Jason BloombergJul. 28, 2017 07:30 AM EDT[session] Manage Your Smart HomeBy Elizabeth WhiteJul. 28, 2017 07:30 AM EDTSkyScale to Exhibit at Cloud Expo CABy Pat RomanskiJul. 28, 2017 07:30 AM EDTWhat’s Driving Subscription Services?By Christoph SchellJul. 28, 2017 07:15 AM EDT[video] Outscale's Custom Infrastructure ServicesBy Elizabeth WhiteJul. 28, 2017 07:15 AM EDTHosted Private Cloud the Migration PathBy Matt BrickeyJul. 28, 2017 07:15 AM EDT[slides] IoT and the Security ImplicationsBy Elizabeth WhiteJul. 28, 2017 07:00 AM EDT[video] Catchpoint's Digital Experience MonitoringBy Liz McMillanJul. 28, 2017 06:45 AM EDT[video] Scale-Out Storage with StorageCraft By Liz McMillanJul. 28, 2017 06:30 AM EDTWhat Business Leaders Need to Know About MLBy William SchmarzoJul. 28, 2017 06:30 AM EDT[video] @Nutanix's DevOps JourneyBy Pat RomanskiJul. 28, 2017 06:15 AM EDT











Cloud Expo & DevOps Summit 2015 East






KEYNOTES

 
IBM

Opening Keynote | Geek Girls Are Chic: 5 Career Hacks 



 
Cisco

Day 2 Keynote | The Internet of Everything: Seizing the Opportunities 



 
Virtustream

Day 3 Keynote at 16th Cloud Expo | Rodney Rogers, CEO of Virtustream




VENDOR PRESENTATIONS

 
Akana

General Session at 16th Cloud Expo | Laura Heritage, Director of API Strategy at Akana




 
CenturyLink

General Session at 16th Cloud Expo | David Shacochis, Vice President at CenturyLink



 
Cisco

General Session at 16th Cloud Expo | Paul Maravei, Regional Sales Manager, Hybrid Cloud, Cisco



 
CodeFutures

General Session at 16th Cloud Expo | Dan Lynn, CEO of CodeFutures Corporation




 
MetraTech, now part of Ericsson

General Session at 16th Cloud Expo | Esmeralda Swartz, VP, Marketing Enterprise & Cloud at Ericsson




 
SoftLayer

General Session at 16th Cloud Expo | Phil Jackson, Lead Technology Evangelist at SoftLayer



 
MetraTech, now part of Ericsson

General Session at 16th Cloud Expo | Esmeralda Swartz, VP, Marketing Enterprise & Cloud at Ericsson




 
Windstream

General Session at 16th Cloud Expo | Michael Piccininni, EMC, & Mike Dietze, Windstream





POWER PANELS

 
Cloud Expo Power Panel

Cloud Expo Power Panel | The Evolving Cloud: Where Are We Today?



 
DevOps Summit Power Panel

DevOps Summit Power Panel | Balancing the Three Pillars of DevOps



 
IoT Power Panel

@ThingsExpo Power Panel | The Internet of Things: A New Age



 
Microservices & IoT Power Panel

Microservices & IoT Power Panel at DevOps Summit





















VIEW KEYNOTE WEBCASTS


MicrosoftMicrosoft Opening Keynote | NoOps != No Operations



QubellDevOps Summit Keynote | Purpose-Defined Computing: The Next Frontier in Automation 




PLATINUM SPONSORS



Verizon EnterpriseGeneral Session | Verizon Pay-As-You-Go Model for Oracle Database Licenses Means Costs Savings and Business Benefits



Verizon Digital Media ServicesCreating a Faster, More Secure Cloud


GOLD SPONSORS


CiscoGeneral Session | [Podcast] Hybrid Cloud – Different Clouds for Different Needs



SAPGeneral Session | Innovation with Cloud and Big Data Solutions That Will Revolutionize Your Business – Join SAP and Partners



SoftLayerGeneral Session | How to Architect and Optimize Your Cloud for Consistent Performance


Power Panels
Lunch Power Panel at 15th Cloud Expo | Choosing the Right Cloud Option


CEO Power Panel at 15th Cloud Expo | The Big Picture of Cloud, Big Data, and the IoT



















VIEW KEYNOTE WEBCASTS


SHIOpening Keynote |  The Changing Atmosphere of Cloud Computing



RackspaceDay 2 Keynote | How to Maintain Relevancy in a Cloud World: A Step-by-Step Approach to the Future Business of IT 



Akamai
Day 2 Lunch Keynote | Application Delivery in the Cloud: Debunking Myths and Showcasing the Realities



HGST
Day 3 Keynote | Navigating Storage in a Cloudy Environment



Microsoft
 	Day 4 Keynote | Clouds, Devices, and Demos! What Developers Need.



DIAMOND SPONSOR


SHIBest Practices from SHI's CIO Key Customers



PLATINUM PLUS SPONSORS


HGSTLighten Your Data Center TCO with Helium Storage Solutions




RackspaceThe Next Generation IT Department – Must Have Hybrid Cloud


PLATINUM SPONSORS



OracleTen Myths of Cloud Computing


GOLD SPONSORS


AkamaiFear & Loathing in the Enterprise Cloud (with apologies to Hunter S. Thompson) 



SOA SoftwareAPIs for Mobile App Development: A Soup to Nuts Analysis



SoftLayerPerformance Is Not a Commodity



Verizon New Cloud. New Rules.









 








    More Stories  

Latest Articles As It Happens
Latest Posts From Celebrity Bloggers
Live News From Wires









2016 | 
        2015 | 
        2014 | 
        2013 | 
        2012




Tweets by @ThingsExpo 




Most Influential Technology BlogsDXWorldExpo to “Sponsor” Cloud Expo CASYS-CON Events announced today that DXWorldExpo has been named “Global Sponsor” of SYS-CON's 21st International Cloud Expo, which will take place on Oct 31 – Nov 2, 2017, at the Santa Clara Convention Center in Santa Clara, CA. Digital Transformation is the key issue driving the global enterprise IT business. Digital Transformation is most prominent among Global 2000 enterprises and government ins...Jul. 28, 2017 09:45 AM EDT  Reads: 1,402Lessons from a GDPR Compliance JourneyBy Angsuman DuttaIn preparation for General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) compliance, a global 100 financial services organization embarked on a journey to assess its core information processing environments with the objective of identifying opportunities to strengthen its data privacy protection programs. This article focuses on the technology challenges, approach, and lessons learned for the centralized test...Jul. 28, 2017 09:43 AM EDTBuilding & Securing the Workplace of the FutureBy Karyn JefferyFor any business to be successful, it must enable talent to focus on the innovation that will drive new value. As digital literacy and dexterity grows, people are increasingly agnostic about devices – they want to be able to access their personalized workspace and services anywhere, at any time, on any device that happens to be at hand. 
The concept of digital transformation is gathering pace. Wh...Jul. 28, 2017 08:00 AM EDT  Reads: 789Is DevOps Falling into the Maturity Trap?By Jason BloombergMany organizations are now looking to DevOps maturity models to gauge their DevOps adoption and compare their maturity to their peers. However, as enterprise organizations rush to adopt DevOps, moving past experimentation to embrace it at scale, they are in danger of falling into the trap that they have fallen into time and time again. 

Unfortunately, we've seen this movie before, and we know h...Jul. 28, 2017 07:30 AM EDT  Reads: 860What’s Driving Subscription Services?By Christoph SchellFrom personal care products to groceries and movies on demand, cloud-based subscriptions are fulfilling the needs of consumers across an array of market sectors. Nowhere is this shift to subscription services more evident than in the technology sector. By adopting an Everything-as-a-Service (XaaS) delivery model, companies are able to tailor their computing environments to shape the experiences th...Jul. 28, 2017 07:15 AM EDT  Reads: 1,669Hosted Private Cloud the Migration PathBy Matt BrickeyIf you read a lot of business and technology publications, you might think public clouds are universally preferred over all other cloud options. To be sure, the numbers posted by Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Microsoft’s Azure platform are nothing short of impressive. Statistics reveal that public clouds are growing faster than private clouds and analysts at IDC predict that public cloud growth wi...Jul. 28, 2017 07:15 AM EDT  Reads: 1,455[video] Catchpoint's Digital Experience MonitoringBy Liz McMillan"With Digital Experience Monitoring what used to be a simple visit to a web page has exploded into app on phones, data from social media feeds, competitive benchmarking - these are all components that are only available because of some type of digital asset," explained Leo Vasiliou, Director of Web Performance Engineering at Catchpoint Systems, in this SYS-CON.tv interview at DevOps Summit at 20th...Jul. 28, 2017 06:45 AM EDT  Reads: 1,327What Business Leaders Need to Know About MLBy William SchmarzoSometimes I write a blog just to formulate and organize a point of view, and I think it’s time that I pull together the bounty of excellent information about Machine Learning. This is a topic with which business leaders must become comfortable, especially tomorrow’s business leaders (tip for my next semester University of San Francisco business students!). Machine learning is a key capability that...Jul. 28, 2017 06:30 AM EDT  Reads: 625[video] @Nutanix's DevOps JourneyBy Pat Romanski"At the keynote this morning we spoke about the value proposition of Nutanix, of having a DevOps culture and a mindset, and the business outcomes of achieving agility and scale, which everybody here is trying to accomplish," noted Mark Lavi, DevOps Solution Architect at Nutanix, in this SYS-CON.tv interview at @DevOpsSummit at 20th Cloud Expo, held June 6-8, 2017, at the Javits Center in New York ...Jul. 28, 2017 06:15 AM EDT  Reads: 1,287[session] Demystifying KubernetesBy Liz McMillanKubernetes is an open source system for automating deployment, scaling, and management of containerized applications. Kubernetes was originally built by Google, leveraging years of experience with managing container workloads, and is now a Cloud Native Compute Foundation (CNCF) project. Kubernetes has been widely adopted by the community, supported on all major public and private cloud providers, ...Jul. 28, 2017 04:15 AM EDT  Reads: 1,635[slides] IoT Network Data AnalyticsBy Elizabeth WhiteWhile the focus and objectives of IoT initiatives are many and diverse, they all share a few common attributes, and one of those is the network. Commonly, that network includes the Internet, over which there isn't any real control for performance and availability. Or is there? The current state of the art for Big Data analytics, as applied to network telemetry, offers new opportunities for improvi...Jul. 28, 2017 03:15 AM EDT  Reads: 1,822Best 500 Digital Transformation SessionsBy Yeshim Deniz"DX encompasses the continuing technology revolution, and is addressing society's most important issues throughout the entire $78 trillion 21st-century global economy," said Roger Strukhoff, Conference Chair. "DX World Expo has organized these issues along 10 tracks with more than 150 of the world's top speakers coming to Istanbul to help change the world."Jul. 28, 2017 02:00 AM EDT  Reads: 969[video] Cloudistics' Public Cloud BenefitsBy Liz McMillan"As we've gone out into the public cloud we've seen that over time we may have lost a few things - we've lost control, we've given up cost to a certain extent, and then security, flexibility," explained Steve Conner, VP of Sales at Cloudistics,in this SYS-CON.tv interview at 20th Cloud Expo, held June 6-8, 2017, at the Javits Center in New York City, NY.Jul. 28, 2017 01:30 AM EDT  Reads: 1,355[video] Systena's End-to-End IoT SolutionsBy Liz McMillan"We provide IoT solutions. We provide the most compatible solutions for many applications. Our solutions are industry agnostic and also protocol agnostic," explained Richard Han, Head of Sales and Marketing and Engineering at Systena America, in this SYS-CON.tv interview at @ThingsExpo, held June 6-8, 2017, at the Javits Center in New York City, NY.Jul. 28, 2017 01:15 AM EDT  Reads: 1,381[video] Ocean9 Leveraging Full Potential of CloudBy Pat Romanski"We are focused on SAP running in the clouds, to make this super easy because we believe in the tremendous value of those powerful worlds - SAP and the cloud," explained Frank Stienhans, CTO of Ocean9, Inc., in this SYS-CON.tv interview at 20th Cloud Expo, held June 6-8, 2017, at the Javits Center in New York City, NY.Jul. 28, 2017 12:45 AM EDT  Reads: 1,628Digital Building BlocksBy Kevin BenedictI came across the brilliant blog site of Futurist Frank Diana this week.  In one of his most recent articles he discusses the concept of combinatorial nature.  He states, "We are seeing exponential convergence across the areas of science, technology, economics, society, ethics, and politics. The combinatorial nature of an overwhelming number of building blocks drives an accelerating intersection a...Jul. 27, 2017 11:15 PM EDT  Reads: 368[video] Pulzze Systems' Smart City ProjectsBy Elizabeth White"We've been engaging with a lot of customers including Panasonic, we've been involved with Cisco and now we're working with the U.S. government - the Department of Homeland Security," explained Peter Jung, Chief Product Officer at Pulzze Systems, in this SYS-CON.tv interview at @ThingsExpo, held June 6-8, 2017, at the Javits Center in New York City, NY.Jul. 27, 2017 09:30 PM EDT  Reads: 2,113The Impact of Sia on CloudBy Harry TrottBlockchain technology is taking over the world. It is an ingenious invention by a person or a group of people known by the pseudonym, Satoshi Nakamoto. Unless you’ve been living under a rock for the past 8 years, you have heard of Bitcoin. The underlying technology behind Bitcoin is called blockchain. It is a public ledger of all the Bitcoin transactions ever happened on its network. Jul. 27, 2017 09:30 PM EDT  Reads: 530[video] Addteq's DevOps Journey By Liz McMillan"I will be talking about ChatOps and ChatOps as a way to solve some problems in the DevOps space," explained Himanshu Chhetri, CTO of Addteq, in this SYS-CON.tv interview at @DevOpsSummit at 20th Cloud Expo, held June 6-8, 2017, at the Javits Center in New York City, NY.Jul. 27, 2017 07:45 PM EDT  Reads: 1,697Legacy Modernization: Cloud and Open SystemsBy Astadia CloudGPSIf you are thinking about moving applications off a mainframe and over to open systems and the cloud, consider these guidelines to prioritize what to move and what to eliminate. On the surface, mainframe architecture seems relatively simple: A centrally located computer processes data through an input/output subsystem and stores its computations in memory. At the other end of the mainframe are pri...Jul. 27, 2017 05:00 PM EDT  Reads: 1,418
















    Top Stories  






@CloudExpo


How Sia Could Disrupt the Entire Cloud Market | @CloudExpo #Cloud #FinTech #Blockchain


[slides] Reinventing IT Operations for Big Data | @BigDataExpo #ML #Cloud #BigData


The Combinatorial Nature of Digital Building Blocks | @ThingsExpo #IoT #M2M #DigitalTransformation


Subscription Services | @CloudExpo #DaaS #XaaS #CloudNative #AI #ML #DX


How Does Big Data Affect Intellectual Property Rights? | @BigDataExpo #BigData #Security



@BigDataExpo


[slides] IoT and the Security Implications | @ThingsExpo @NTTi3 #IIoT #AI #ML #DL #M2M 


Announcing @SkyScaleLLC to Exhibit at @CloudExpo | #API #AI #DX #Security


Thwarting Ransomware Attacks | @CloudExpo #Cloud #Cybersecurity


[video] Full Potential of Cloud | @CloudExpo @Ocean9Inc #SAP #AI #DataCenter 


[slides] @KineticaDB Informercial: #FinTech Analytitcs | @CloudExpo #AI #BI #DX #InsurTech



@ThingsExpo


What Business Leaders Need to Know About Machine Learning | @ThingsExpo #AI #ML #IoT #M2M


[slides] Trends in WebRTC Development | @ThingsExpo @WebRTCVentures #UCaaS #RTC #WebRTC


Digital Transformation and Competitive Decision Making | @ThingsExpo #DX #IoT #M2M #API


[session] Manage Your Smart Home from the Cloud | @ThingsExpo @AkvelonInc #AI #IoT #M2M 


Big Data to Smart Data | @ThingsExpo @CloudianStorage #IoT #M2M #BigData



Machine Learning 


The Benefits of Building a Truly Agile Team | @DevOpsSummit #CD #Agile #DevOps


[session] Serverless Machine Learning Operations | @CloudExpo @Hydrospheredata #AI #ML #Serverless


Enabling #DevOps | @DevOpsSummit @GlueNetworks #NFV #SDN #SDNO


[session] Demystifying #Kubernetes | @DevOpsSummit #CloudNative #Serverless #DevOps


[video] @DivvyCloud Automated Solutions | @CloudExpo #AI #DX #CloudNative #DevOps



@DevOpsSummit


Is DevOps Falling into the Maturity Trap? | @DevOpsSummit #Agile #DevOps


[slides] Million Dollar SaaS with Kubernetes | @CloudExpo @Supergiantio #SaaS #Cloud #DevOps


Six Ways CIOs Can Drive #DigitalTransformation | @DevOpsSummit #DevOps #Analytics


Low-Code Platforms in the Era of Automation | @DevOpsSummit #DevOps #Automation


DXWorldEXPO Announces Agenda | @ExpoDX #AI #DX #DigitalTransformation



Artificial Intelligence


A GDPR Compliance Journey | @DevOpsSummit #ML #Cloud #Agile #DevOps


DXWorldExpo to Sponsor @CloudExpo | #AI #DX #IoT #FinTech #SmartCities #DigitalTransformation


Datera to "Exhibit" at @CloudExpo | @DateraInc #CloudNative #DevOps #IoT #AI #DX #Serverless


[video] #SmartCities with @InteractorTeam | @ThingsExpo #IoT #IIoT #AI #DX


[slides] The ‘Known Unknown' of Big Data in IoT | @ThingsExpo @Ocean9inc #DX #IoT #M2M #BigData





Microservices Expo


[video] @Ocean9Inc's Public Cloud | @CloudExpo #SAP #CloudNative #AI #DX


[video] @Cloudistics Public Cloud | @CloudExpo #CloudNative #AI #DataCenter


[video] Hybrid IT with @Peak_Ten | @CloudExpo #AI #DX #SDN #DataCenter


Legacy Modernization and Cloud | @CloudExpo #API #CloudNative #Agile #DX


[video] @OutscaleInc's Infrastructure Services | @CloudExpo #CloudNative #DevOps #DX



FinTech Journal


[slides] Enabling FinTechs for Success | @CloudExpo @CloudRaxak #Cloud #FinTech #Security


[video] Scale-Out #Storage with @StorageCraft | @CloudExpo #SDN #DataCenter


[slides] IoT Network Data #Analytics | @ThingsExpo #BigData #IoT #AI #DX


[video] Jumpstart to #DigitalTransformation  | @CloudExpo @EARPintegration #DX #ERP #FinTech


Calligo Named "Bronze Sponsor" of @CloudExpo | @CalligoCloud #CloudNative #DevOps #DX



Linux Containers


[video] #Monitoring with @AISolutions_Inc | @CloudExpo #CloudNative DevOps #AI #ML #DX


[slides] Culture: Change or Die | @DevOpsSummit @Accenture #CD #Agile #DevOps


[video] #IoT Keynote: Are You Seeing DOTS? | @ThingsExpo #M2M #BigData 


Announcing @Peak_Ten to Exhibit at @CloudExpo | #DataCenter #AI #Storage


DXWorldExpo Named “Global Sponsor” of @CloudExpo | #AI #DX #IoT #IIoT #FinTech #SmartCities



Containers Expo Blog


What Is Continuous Integration? (And What It Isn't) | @DevOpsSummit #CI #CD #Agile #DevOps


[video] @Nutanix's #DevOps Journey | @CloudExpo #Nutanix #CloudNative #Serverless #DX


[video] Cloud-Scale with @JuniperNetworks | @CloudExpo #CloudNative #DevOps #AI #DX


Multi-Hypervisor #Monitoring | @CloudExpo #DevOps #AI #DX #Virtualization


How to Sponsor @DevOpsSummit | #AI #DX #DevOps #Serverless #Monitoring



Java IoT


What Is Java DevOps? | @DevOpsSummit #APM #Monitoring #Microservices


Brain Change and Digital Strategies | @ThingsExpo #IoT #M2M #DigitalTransformation


[slides] Demystify Analytics | @ThingsExpo @CHarrold303 #IoT #AI #BigData


[video] Is Your Cloud Getting Smarter? | @CloudExpo @IoT2040 #AI #ML #ArtificialIntelligence


File System Market vs. Object Storage | @CloudExpo #Cloud #DataCenter #Storage #AI #DX



Cloud Security


Is Your Company Ready for the General Data Protection Regulation? | @CloudExpo #Cloud #Security #Analytics


Announcing @CalligoCloud Named “Bronze Sponsor” of @CloudExpo Silicon Valley | #Cloud #Security


IoT and Health Check | @ThingsExpo @SolardWinds #IoT #M2M #API #AI #Security


[session] Satellite Storage for #FinTech Security | @CloudExpo #AI #ML #DX


Network Security Today | @CloudExpo #Cloud #AI #SDN #Security #Analytics





Wearables


[video] Digital #Monitoring with @Catchpoint | @DevOpsSummit #CloudNative #DevOps


[video] Value Stream Management | @DevOpsSummit @CollabNet #CloudNative #DevOps 


[session] Reinventing the Edge Tier | @CloudExpo #CloudNative #DevOps #DX


[slides] Alexa, Manage My Storage | @DevOpsSummit @Tintri #AI #ML #DevOps #DataCenter


CFP @ThingsExpo Opens | #BigData #IoT #SDN #AI #ML #DevOps #FinTech 



SYS-CON.TV


[video] @Systena_America's End-to-End IoT Solutions | @CloudExpo #AI #IoT #SmartCities


[video] The #DevOps Journey with @Addteq | @DevOpsSummit #DX #ChatOps 


[video] Real-Time Data Integration | @CloudExpo @StriimTeam #IoT #AI #DX #Analytics #SmartCities


[video] @Interoute's Cloud | @CloudExpo #DevOps #SaaS #AI #DX #DigitalTransformation


[video] @SerenaSoftware's #DevOps, Deploy and Release | @DevOpsSummit 



WebRTC Summit


Silicon Valley CFP | @CloudExpo #DevOps #Serverless #FinTech #IoT #AI #DX


Fantastic Tracks at @CloudExpo | DevOps #AI #ML #DX #IoT #IIoT #FinTech 


A Scaled #IoT Business | @CloudExpo @ChrisMatthieu #IIoT #M2M #AI #DX


[video] @DHinchcliffe's #IoT Keynote | @ThingsExpo #BI #AI #CIO #FinTech


[slides] #Wearables and #WebRTC | @CloudExpo @Plantronics #IoT #RTC #ML



Agile Computing


Value of Unlocking Legacy Applications | @CloudExpo #Cloud #Analytics


[slides] Cloud Skills with @Dicedotcom | @CloudExpo #IoT #AI #ML #DevOps


[slides] #Monitoring with #AI | @CloudExpo @Dynatrace #DevOps #ML #DL


How to Sponsor @CloudExpo | #DevOps #IoT #AI #DX #DigitalTransformation


Announcing @CloudRank "Bronze Sponsor" of @CloudExpo | #AWS #DX #Azure



Cognitive Computing 


[session] APIs and #FinTech | @CloudExpo @IBMcloud #API #AI #Blockchain


Managing Your Hybrid Cloud | @CloudExpo #AI #ML #Cloud #Cognitive Computing


IBM Named "Diamond Sponsor" of @CloudExpo Silicon Valley | #AI #ML #DX 


Explosion of #IoT Data | @ThingsExpo @Tibco #AI #IIoT #M2M #DX #SmartCities #BigData


How to Sponsor @DevOpsSummit | #AI #DX #DevOps #Serverless #Monitoring



Open Source Cloud


Announcing @LinuxAcademyCOM to Exhibit at @CloudExpo | #SDN #AI #Linux


How to Sponsor @CloudExpo | #IoT #AI #ML #DevOps #DigitalTransformation


[video] #CloudFoundry + Watson Services = #Bluemix | @CloudExpo @IBMcloud @IBMWatson ‏#AI #DX


IBM #CloudFoundry Days at @CloudExpo NY | @IBMCloud #AI #DX #Serverless


Most Influential ‘Smart Cities – IIoT’ Brand: @ThingsExpo | #IoT #IIoT #M2M





Mobile IoT


Interoute @CloudExpo "Bronze Sponsor" | @Interoute #IoT #DevOps #Serverless


Technology for a Cashless Society | @ThingsExpo #IoT #M2M #Sensors


T-Mobile to Exhibit at @CloudExpo New York | #DevOps #IoT #AI #Serverless


What Is #MQTT? | @ThingsExpo #IoT #M2M #RTC #DigitalTransformation


Ongoing #DigitalTransformation | @CloudExpo #Agile #CIO #IoT #AI #ML #DL



Recurring Revenue


American Airlines Adopts Public Cloud Computing | @CloudExpo #AI #Cloud #Analytics


Cloudistics “Bronze Sponsor” of @CloudExpo NY | @Cloudistics #AI #DevOps


[video] Bert Loomis and #AI | @CloudExpo @IBMCloud @NVIDIA #ML #IoT


Addteq to Exhibit at @DevOpsSummit | @Addteq @Atlassian #APM #DevOps


[slides] Connected Airports | @ThingsExpo @GE_Digital @OracleIoT #IoT #IIoT 



Government Cloud


[session] European Data Regulations with Global Reach | @CloudExpo @CalligoCloud #IoT #M2M #Cloud #BigData


Announcing @Massive1Network to Exhibit at @CloudExpo Silicon Valley | #Cloud #DataCenter


Crisis Response Using Cloud Computing | @CloudExpo #ML #IoT #AI #DX #DevOps #FedRAMP


[video] @Docker and #Kubernetes | @CloudExpo @Rancher_Labs #DevOps #AI


NATO ACT 'Art of the Possible' Interoperability Demonstration 



IBM Cloud


[video] @IBMCloud Keynote at @CloudExpo | #IoT #AI #ML #DL #BigData


Top #M2M Brand | @ThingsExpo #IoT #AI #ML #DL #DigitalTransformation


IBM Named "Diamond Sponsor" in NY & CA | @CloudExpo #AI #ML #DevOps


IBM Named "Diamond Sponsor" of @CloudExpo NY and CA | #AI #DevOps


Outlyer Named “Bronze Sponsor” of @CloudExpo | @OutlyerApp #AI #DevOps



SDN Journal


What Type of File System? | @CloudExpo @CompuverdeSDS #SDS #SDN #DataCenter


Your #IoT Network Needs Saving | @CloudExpo @128Technology #SDN #SDS


A New DNS for #IoT and #DevOps | @CloudExpo #AI #ML #RTC #DNS #M2M 


WAN Challenges of Large Enterprises | @CloudExpo #Cloud #AWS #Virtualization


ARM Server to Transform #BigData to #IoT | @CloudExpo #IIoT #AI #ML #DX



Industrial IoT


Tintri to Present #DevOps June 6-8 at @CloudExpo | @Tintri #VM #SDN #SDS


How to Sponsor @DevOpsSummit | #DevOps #SDN #ML #Docker #Kubernetes


Manufacturing Security and #IoT | @ThingsExpo @GlobalSign #IIoT #AI #M2M


[video] @Ericsson's #IoT Ecosystems | @ThingsExpo @EricssonIT @EsmeSwartz 


How to Sponsor @ThingsExpo | #BigData #IoT #AI #ML #DigitalTransformation





Microsoft Cloud


I’m Not Scared of #DevOps | @DevOpsSummit #APM #CD #Docker #Monitoring


Cloudistics “Bronze Sponsor” of @CloudExpo | @Cloudistics #AI #DX #DevOps


[slides] IaaS & PaaS | @CloudExpo @YungChou @BlueMetalInc #DevOps #AI


Has Microsoft Russia Gone Rogue on Redmond?


[slides] @Azure Immutability | @CloudExpo @JenkinsCI #DevOps #Docker 



Server Monitoring


CFP for @DevOpsSummit | #Agile #DevOps #Docker #SDN #ML #Microservices


Scrum at 21 with @KSchwaber | @DevOpsSummit #Agile #AI #Scrum #DevOps


Cloud Operating Model | @CloudExpo @JPMorgenthal #IoT #PaaS #AWS #Azure #OpenShift


Andi Mann @DevOpsSummit Chair | @AndiMann #Scrum #CD #ML #DevOps


How to Sponsor @DevOpsSummit | #DevOps #SDN #ML #Docker #Kubernetes



Apache


‘The Pain Curve’ By @StackIQ | @CloudExpo #BigData #DevOps #Hadoop


[slides] #Hadoop in the #Cloud | @CloudExpo @Cloudera #BigData #DataCenter


Join the Conversation on Platform 3.0


Cloud Expo 2011 East To Attract 10,000 Delegates and 200 Exhibitors 


Iron Cloud IoT Shootout @ThingsExpo Will Name Best Cloud Platform



Eclipse


Top @Docker Content of 2016 | @DevOpsSummit #DevOps #SDN #APM #AI


Virtual #Storage From @FormationDS | @CloudExpo #SDS #SDN #DataCenter


The i-Technology Right Stuff


Cloud Expo New York Call for Papers Now Open


Cloud Expo, Inc. Announces Cloud Expo 2011 New York Venue



Release Management 


New Amazon AWS SDK for .NET Developers Released


Instant Professionalism Online Despite Yourself...with Ulitzer


MySQL Ace To Run Eucalyptus


The Top 250 Players in the Cloud Computing Ecosystem


Okta Seeks to Accelerate Secure Adoption of Cloud Apps



Log Management


Oracle Named Exclusive Diamond Sponsor of Cloud Expo 2010


Guide to #ContinuousTesting | @DevOpsSummit @RainforestQA #IoT #DevOps 


Holistic View of #SDLC and #DevOps | @DevOpsSummit @CollabNet #Scrum


What Does Enterprise IT Really Want from Cloud Computing?


Cloud Expo, Inc. Names Carmen Gonzalez CEO





















 

Cloud Expo

Home
Register
Speakers
Sessions
Schedule
Exhibitors
Sponorship Info 
Conference Info 
Call For Papers 
Media Sponsors 




 All the World’s a Cloud
        All of Cloud Is at Cloud Expo!

 Cloud Computing - Big Data | Analytics - Internet of Things 
          Containers - Microservices - WebRTC - DevOps 


Join Us at the Javits Center in New York, NY, June 6-8 

          Cloud computing software is eating the world, and each day is bringing new developments in this world. 

          Yesterday's debate about public vs. private has transformed into the reality of hybrid cloud: a recent survey shows that 74% of enterprises have a hybrid cloud strategy. 

          Meanwhile, 94% of enterprises are using some form of XaaS – software, platform, and Infrastructure as a Service.

          Big Data | Analytics and the emerging Internet of Things (IoT) are driving exponentially increased demands on datacenters and developers alike, as we cross the zettabyte horizon this year.

          Containers and microservices are now part of every PaaS conversation, and IaaS providers are increasingly competing for platform customers. 

          WebRTC continues to reform web communications, and DevOps is pushing its way into an enterprise IT world that is increasingly agile, lean, and continuous.

          Through all this, Cloud Expo remains the single independent event where delegates and technology vendors can meet to experience and discuss the entire world of the cloud.

        Only Cloud Expo brings together all this in a single location: 
        
          •	Cloud Computing
            •	Big Data | Analytics
            •	Internet of Things
            •	Containers | Microservices
            •	WebRTC
            •	DevOps


        Cloud computing budgets worldwide are reaching into the hundreds of billions of dollars, and no organization can survive long without some sort of cloud migration strategy. Each month brings new announcements, use cases, and success stories. 

          Cloud Expo offers the world's most comprehensive selection of technical and strategic Industry Keynotes, General Sessions, Breakout Sessions, and signature Power Panels. The exhibition floor features 100+ exhibitors offering specific solutions and comprehensive strategies. 

          The floor also features a Demo Theater that give delegates the opportunity to get even closer to the technology they want to see and the people who offer it. 

          Attend Cloud Expo. Create your own custom experience. Learn the latest from the world's best technologists. Talk to the vendors you are considering, and put them to the test.

          See you in New York! 





Big Data
DevOps
Cloud
WebRTC
IoT





Register Now! 
Save  on your "Golden Pass"! Call 201.802.3020 
          or click here to Register 

          Speaker Opportunities 
Submit your speaking proposal for the upcoming Cloud Expo in New York
            [June 6-8, 2017]

          Exhibitor Info 
Please Call 201.802.3021 
            events (at) sys-con.com. 
            Carmen Gonzalez, 
            carmen (at) sys-con.com.





Produced and presented by Cloud Expo, Inc.





 



Terms of Use & Our Privacy Statement - About Newsfeeds / Videofeeds. Copyright ©1994-2016 Ulitzer, Inc.
          All Rights Reserved. All marks are trademarks of Ulitzer, Inc.
          Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ulitzer, Inc. is prohibited.

















