










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















The Winn Richey Team





























































Office
Retail
Industrial








Office
Retail
Industrial

















































Office Regional Sales 12 Month Rolling Report, Denver Suburban




Denver, CBD
Denver, Suburban
Denver, All

Salt Lake City, CBD
Salt Lake City, Suburban
Salt Lake City, All
All




        
                OFFICE REGIONAL SALES
                    
    


Sort By: Name,
				Price,
				Square Feet
				
				,
				 Sale Date



Pages: < Back  Next >  1  2  3  4  5  6  7  8  9  10  11  12  13  14  15  16  17  18  19  20  [21-22]















161 Inverness
161 Inverness Drive West, Englewood, CO



Sale Date 07/13 Cap Rate N/A Sale Price $71,000,000 Price PSF $277 Building Size  256,767 YOC 1997 Occupancy 100%








Overview





Seller/ Buyer Dividend Capital Diversified/Artis REIT

Submarket Denver Suburban, Inverness / Panorama 100% leased to DirecTV through 6/2025














Monaco Plaza
4725 S Monaco St, Denver, CO



Sale Date 07/13 Cap Rate 6.5 Sale Price $8,650,000 Price PSF $149 Building Size  57,914 YOC 2000 Occupancy 100%








Overview




Seller/ Buyer Shea Properties/Mark IV Capital

Submarket Denver Suburban, DTC 














PrimeCenter at Northridge
1765 & 1865 W 121st Ave, Westminster, CO



Sale Date 06/13 Cap Rate 10.5 Sale Price $13,600,000 Price PSF $109 Building Size  124,945 YOC 2001 Occupancy 96%








Overview




Seller/ Buyer The Westminster Funds /Felton Properties

Submarket Denver Suburban, West Denver 














300 & 390 Union
300 and 390 Union Blvd., Lakewood, CO



Sale Date 06/13 Cap Rate N/A Sale Price $24,750,000 Price PSF $147 Building Size  168,510 YOC 1991 Occupancy 86%








Overview





Seller/ Buyer TA Associates/Toma West

Submarket Denver Suburban, Union Square 














Westmoor Center
10055-10385 Westmoor Dr, Westminster, CO



Sale Date 06/13 Cap Rate 7.0 Sale Price $86,000,000 Price PSF $140 Building Size  612,890 YOC 1997-1999 Occupancy 81%








Overview




Seller/ Buyer CBRE Global Investors /KBS Strategic Opportunity REIT 

Submarket Denver Suburban, Denver Boulder Corridor Six building complex














9910 & 9930 Federal Drive
9910 & 9930 Federal Dr, Colorado Springs, CO



Sale Date 05/13 Cap Rate N/A Sale Price $11,000,000 Price PSF $66 Building Size  167,000 YOC 2000 Occupancy 53%








Overview




Seller/ Buyer CDS Property Mgmt./Karlin Real Estate

Submarket Colorado Springs – Suburban 














Westmoor Place
11000, 13000, 11400 Westmoor Cir, Westminster, CO



Sale Date 03/13 Cap Rate 7.5 Sale Price $65,500,000 Price PSF $153 Building Size  428,029 YOC 2001 Occupancy 89%








Overview




Seller/ Buyer CBRE Global Investors/Investcorp International

Submarket Denver Suburban, Denver Boulder Corridor 














Tower Colorado
1720 S Bellaire St, Denver, CO



Sale Date 03/13 Cap Rate N/A Sale Price $9,600,000 Price PSF $75 Building Size  127,715 YOC 1976 Occupancy 99%








Overview




Seller/ Buyer KBS Realty Advisors/Felton Properties

Submarket Denver Suburban, Southeast Denver 














Center City Plaza
455 E Pikes Peak Ave, Colorado Springs, CO



Sale Date 02/13 Cap Rate 8.5 Sale Price $5,050,000 Price PSF $137 Building Size  36,731 YOC 1985 Occupancy 90%








Overview





Seller/ Buyer Bethesda Real Estate Company/The O'Neil Group

Submarket Colorado Springs – CBD 














Quebec Court II
5800 S Quebec St, Greenwood Village, CO



Sale Date 01/13 Cap Rate N/A Sale Price $27,000,000 Price PSF $172 Building Size  157,294 YOC 1980 Occupancy 100%








Overview





Seller/ Buyer JER & Circle Capital Partners/Griffin Capital Partners

Submarket Denver Suburban, Greenwood Plaza 














Zang Building
555 Zang St, Lakewood, CO



Sale Date 01/13 Cap Rate N/A Sale Price $11,000,000 Price PSF $89 Building Size  123,290 YOC 1978/2004 Occupancy 79%








Overview




Seller/ Buyer Westside Investment Partners/The Pauls Corp.

Submarket Denver Suburban, Southwest 














Orchard Place A
5995 Greenwood Plaza Blvd, Greenwood Village, CO



Sale Date 12/12 Cap Rate N/A Sale Price $8,000,000 Price PSF $120 Building Size  66,645 YOC 1980 Occupancy 100%








Overview




Seller/ Buyer Equity West Investment Partners /GH Phipps Construction 

Submarket Denver Suburban, Greenwood Plaza 














Quebec Court I
5700 S Quebec St, Greenwood Village, CO



Sale Date 12/12 Cap Rate N/A Sale Price $7,150,000 Price PSF $55 Building Size  130,000 YOC 1979 Occupancy 100%








Overview





Seller/ Buyer JER & Circle Capital Partners/Westside Investment Partners

Submarket Denver Suburban, Greenwood Plaza 100% leased to tw telecom through 10/2015














7475 South Joliet Street
7475 S Joliet St, Englewood, CO



Sale Date 12/12 Cap Rate 7.90 Sale Price $7,000,000 Price PSF $114 Building Size  61,436 YOC 1999 Occupancy 100%








Overview




AnchorsComcast
Seller/ Buyer RM Realty Group Inc/CapLease Inc

Submarket Denver Suburban, Inverness / Panorama *100% leased to Comcast thru 12/2020














Pulte Mortgage Building
7390 S Iola St, Englewood, CO



Sale Date 12/12 Cap Rate 8.4 Sale Price $19,100,000 Price PSF $200 Building Size  95,265 YOC 2009 Occupancy 100%








Overview




Seller/ Buyer RM Realty Group Inc/CapLease Inc

Submarket Denver Suburban, Inverness / Panorama *100% leased to Pulte Mortgage thru 3/2020














Syracuse Hill I
6021 S Syracuse Way, Greenwood Village, CO



Sale Date 12/12 Cap Rate N/A Sale Price $5,310,000 Price PSF $64 Building Size  82,365 YOC 1982 Occupancy 69%








Overview




Seller/ Buyer CWCapital Asset Management/Triton Investment Company

Submarket Denver Suburban, Greenwood Plaza *REO














Denver Centerpoint I
3900 E Mexico Ave, Denver, CO



Sale Date 12/12 Cap Rate N/A Sale Price $11,750,000 Price PSF $70 Building Size  167,853 YOC 1982 Occupancy 82%








Overview





Seller/ Buyer Integrated Properties/Unico Properties

Submarket Denver Suburban, Southeast Denver 














Creekside at Cherry Creek I & II
12929-13059 E Peakview Ave, Centennial, CO



Sale Date 12/12 Cap Rate 8.5 Sale Price $13,375,000 Price PSF $151 Building Size  88,491 YOC 2001 Occupancy 100%








Overview




Seller/ Buyer Creekside Two LLC/HN & Frances C Berger Foundation

Submarket Denver Suburban, Arapahoe Road *100% leased to Cochlear thru 5/2020














1900 15th Street
1900 15th St, Boulder, CO



Sale Date 12/12 Cap Rate 6.75 Sale Price $11,900,000 Price PSF $362 Building Size  32,854 YOC 1994 Occupancy 100%








Overview




Seller/ Buyer Chrisman Commercial /Alecta Real Estate Investment

Submarket Denver Suburban, Denver Boulder Corridor *100% leased to Microsoft














Janus World Headquarters
151 Detroit St, Denver, CO



Sale Date 12/12 Cap Rate N/A Sale Price $63,000,000 Price PSF $393 Building Size  160,364 YOC 2004 Occupancy 99%








Overview





Seller/ Buyer 151 Detroit Street CF LLC/Lionstone Group

Submarket Denver Suburban, Cherry Creek 








Pages: < Back  Next >  1  2  3  4  5  6  7  8  9  10  11  12  13  14  15  16  17  18  19  20  [21-22]











 


        CBRE, Inc.
1225 17th Street, Suite 3200
Denver, CO 80202
        
 


Timothy P. Richey
Vice Chairman
tim.richey@cbre.com
303.628.7445
        
 


Michael T. Winn
Vice Chairman
mike.winn@cbre.com
303.628.7447
        
 


Chad L. Flynn
Vice President
chad.flynn@cbre.com
303.628.7467
        



Custom website by CoStar Private Sale Network












RM Senior Living Richfield LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











RM Senior Living Richfield LLC
List of persons related to the company RM Senior Living Richfield LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of RM Senior Living Richfield LLC.

CIK Number: 0001700401IRS Number: 815400482Company address: 1964 WEST WAYZATA BLVD. STE. 200 LONG LAKE 55356Phone number: 952-210-7460



People related to RM Senior Living Richfield LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryNickoloff  Bo5201 Eden Avenue Suite 250EdinaMNRoers  Brian1964 West Wayzata Boulevard Suite 200Long LakeMNRoers  Kent1964 West Wayzata Boulevard Suite 200Long LakeMN




RM Senior Living Richfield LLC on the Web
Related companiesRM Desert Ridge REIT, LLC, RM Domestic Partners II, LP, RM Domestic Partners III, LP, RM Domestic Partners, LP, RM MAG Chestnut LLC, RM MANHATTAN LLC, RM Mountain View REIT, LLC, RM North Texas Venture I, LLC, RM Panorama REIT, LLC, RM Properties Access Fund, L.P., RM RESTAURANT HOLDING CORP, RM RESTAURANTS LLC, RM Talavi REIT, LLC, RMA Capital Partners LP, RMA Core Plus RE Fund I-R, LLC












 






 




Realty Mogul Review 2017 | Real Estate Investing for the Masses






















































































 



 


















Home > Real Estate > Realty Mogul Review
Realty Mogul Review – Real Estate Investing through Crowdfunding










Review of: Realty Mogul
Reviewed by: Kevin Mercadante
Published on: July 26, 2017
Last Modified: July 26, 2017







Editor Rating
Rated 3.5 stars












Realty Mogul offers a unique opportunity to invest in real estate that’s less involved than buying a property outright on an individual basis but is much deeper in scope than investing in real estate through a real estate investment trust (REIT). It’s an opportunity to invest in real estate through a variety of close-to-home investment opportunities.
 


Just as crowdfunding has come to investing and borrowing, it has also made its way to real estate investing. Realty Mogul is a real estate crowdfunding platform where investors and real estate investment sponsors and borrowers come together to create mutually agreeable real estate investments. Although we found a few flaws in the system, overall it is easy to use and convenient. Here’s our full review.

What is Realty Mogul?
Realty Mogul is an online real estate capital marketplace that began in 2013. The platform was founded by Jilliene Helman and Justin Hughes. Their aim was to disrupt traditional real estate funding by developing an online crowd funding site.
Crowdfunding is the process of bringing together investors, borrowers and investment sponsors to create new investments. In this way it’s considered a “peer-to-peer” arrangement, involving primarily individuals on both sides of the transaction (though Realty Mogul is also open to institutional participation).
Today, the platform claims more than 120,000 investors, borrowers and sponsors. It has provided financing for more than 350 properties, with loans totaling more than $270 million. The platform arranges residential debt products, as well as both equity and debt products for commercial real estate. Realty Mogul is staffed by a team of professionals who have a mix of experience in real estate, finance and technology.

Realty Mogul Features



Minimum Investment
$5,000 ($2,500 for REITs)


Fees
0.30% – 0.50%/year


Accredited Investor
No


REITs
Yes


Offering Types
Debt, Equity, Preferred Equity


Property Types
Commercial



Features and Pricing
To invest with Realty Mogul, you must make a minimum initial investment of $5,000. You can make standard ACH transfers from your bank account for amounts up to $100,000. For amounts that exceed $100,000, you’ll need to use wire transfers. Each investment that you fund will have a specific account number that the platform will use to make sure that the funds go directly into that particular investment opportunity.
Signup process. You start by creating an account. You must first create a password and have your email address confirmed. Then you must certify that you’re an accredited investor, which is to say that you are a sophisticated investor with substantial financial strength, well able to withstand a potential loss on your investment position. After that, you will enter general information, and you’re in.
Realty Mogul Dashboard. The dashboard enables investors to track all of the terms of their investment on the platform. This includes how much money they have invested, active transactions and earnings on those investments.


How Does Realty Mogul Work?
Realty Mogul enables investors to participate in a wide range of real estate investments. Some examples include multi-family dwellings, office buildings, industrial sites, self-storage, retail, medical buildings and hospitality establishments. They will even enable you to participate in single-family properties that are bought for the purpose of being rehabilitated and flipped. Just about any property can be invested in, as long as it is not used as a primary home or as a secondary residence.
When you invest, you typically do so by purchasing shares in a Realty Mogul limited liability company (LLC) that in turn invests into an LLC or Limited Partnership (LP) that holds title to the real property. Investing in this way minimizes overhead for the investment sponsors and provides access to more investment opportunities, as well as streamlined reporting of distributions through the platform.
RM Manager, LLC, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Realty Mogul, serves as manager of the Realty Mogul LLCs.
The term of specific investments depends upon whether it is a debt or equity investment. Loan investments are generally six to 12 months, while equity investments are anywhere from three years up to 10 years. Equity investments generally pay distributions on a quarterly basis, while debt investments pay monthly. These are just general rules, and it’s important to understand the distributions on any investment are never guaranteed.

Invest in Commercial Real Estate with Realty Mogul
For income tax purposes, an IRS form K-1 will be provided for each equity investment, reporting the results of that particular investment. Income from loans will be reported on IRS form 1099.
Debt investments. When investing in loans, you will purchase either an entire loan — which is actually secured by real estate — or what is known as a platform note. These notes are borrower payment-dependent promissory notes from Realty Mogul. They are unsecured, limited-recourse loans that correspond with the underlying mortgage loan originated on the website.
If you choose to be the sole investor on a whole loan, you will be responsible for the cost of any foreclosure in the event of a default.
Realty Mogul benefits:

Ease of investment selection
Quick and easy funding
24/7 investment monitoring
Documents can be executed online
Quarterly or monthly distributions
Realty Mogul provides more investment flexibility than real estate investment trusts (REITs)

Investments typically do not require capital calls, which are requests for additional capital beyond the initial investment

Individual investments are “pre-vetted,” which means the platform provides an initial underwriting to determine the viability of each investment

Invest in both loans and equity investments



Quick Comparison  —Read the ReviewRead the ReviewRating
Rated 3.5 stars


Rated 3.5 stars


Rated 3.5 stars

Min. Deposit$2,500$1,000$500Fees0.30% - 0.50%/year0.85%/yearFreeAccredited InvestorNoNoNo

MogulREIT I (New)
In competing with Fundrise’s eREITs Realty Mogul has introduced a REIT themselves. Called MogulREIT I, the benefits of a REIT is no accreditation is needed, more diversification at a lower amount needed than investing in individual properties, and typically lower investment requirement than a private placement. Though non-accredited investors must have a net worth and an annual income greater than $25,000. The minimum amount to invest is $2,500 and the REIT will have an annual fee capped at 3% which makes this fund costly and no bargain. 
According to their website “MogulREIT can invest in a variety of property types, including but not limited to, multi-family, office, industrial, self-storage, retail, medical office, and hospitality. The fund can invest in various commercial real estate-related equity and debt securities across these different property types.” So it will be a pool of various property types and not just one section or location around the country.
Unlike other private REITs that have long investment periods without redemptions, Realty Mogul states it will allow redemptions on a quarterly basis. But also noted in the offering circular, there are limits on the total amount of redemptions per year.


 Pros

 "Pre-Vetted" Investments — Realty Mogul has a preliminary underwriting process that evaluates the property, location and the borrower or sponsor for each investment opportunity available on the platform. The vetting extends to background and criminal checks on the principles involved in the investments.
Simple Investment Process — When purchased individually, real estate investments can be quite complicated, especially commercial properties and properties purchased that are rehabbed and flipped. But Realty Mogul makes real estate investing almost as simple as investing in paper assets, the way you would on an investment brokerage platform.
No Capital Calls — Other than for foreclosure costs on whole loans (but not platform notes), there are no capital calls in which you will be required to provide additional capital over and above your initial investment. Instead of additional investment, your investment may be diluted if more money is needed or the transaction requires member loans at a high rate of interest (10%–15%). If member loans are necessary, your equity position in the investment would be subordinated to those member loans, and the loans would have to be paid back before any equity distributions are made.
Greater Control than REITs — When you invest in a REIT, you are investing in a portfolio of real estate properties, but you have little information and even less control over the individual investments. With Realty Mogul you can invest in individual properties, including those close to your home. In fact, Realty Mogul allows you to be very specific with your real estate investments.
REIT (New) — The recently introduced MogulREIT I allows non-accredited investors to invest in real estate.


 Cons

Accredited Investor  — You must have an annual income of at least $200,000 (or $300,000 for a couple) or a net worth of more than $1 million -- and that doesn’t include the value of your personal residence. Though the recently introduced MogulREIT is for non-accredited investors.
Investments Are Illiquid — There is no secondary market to sell your positions and must hold to maturity.


Invest in Commercial Real Estate with Realty Mogul

Summary
Realty Mogul offers a unique opportunity to invest in real estate that’s less involved than buying a property outright on an individual basis, but it is much deeper in scope than investing in real estate through a real estate investment trust (REIT). It’s an opportunity to invest in real estate through a variety of close-to-home investment opportunities.
The disadvantages are that you must be an accredited investor, which is to say that if you’re a small investor, you cannot participate.


 Share Tweet Share Reddit Email 
Suggested For You

Fundrise Review 2017 - Invest in Commercial Real Estate PassivelyRich Uncles Review - Combining Crowdfunding and Commercial REITsRealtyShares Review - Crowdfunding Real Estate InvestmentsReal Estate Crowdfunding Comparison List 




Comments





Notify of 


new follow-up comments
new replies to my comments








 








 




















 Notify of new replies to this comment


















 




















 Notify of new replies to this comment





















Featured Real Estate Services



					    	Fundrise Review						



					    	PeerStreet Review						



					    	RealCrowd Review						



					    	RealtyShares Review						



					    	Roofstock Review						



					    	Sharestates Review						



					    	Real Estate Crowdfunding Comparison						



 Recent Real Estate Articles
 

5 Reasons Real Estate Investing Beats the Stock Market



How This House Flip Went Better Than I Planned



Can You Profit From Rentals? Real Estate Investing by the Numbers



Real Estate Depreciation – A Tax Deduction That Rental Property Investors Love



Tax Lien Investing: Double-Digit Returns – But Is This Investment Right for You?



Table of Contents
What Is Realty Mogul?
Features
How Does Realty Mogul Work?
Quick Comparison
MouglREIT I
Pros and Cons
Summary

Get Started For Free


















 




Investment Reviews































































 



 


















Home > ReviewsLatest Investment ReviewsFind out if an investment product or service is right for you. We've done the research for you, and give you insightful and honest reviews.

Latest Reviews





 
SoFi





 
YieldStreet





 
Wunder Capital





 
Edward Jones







 
Penny App





 
EnergyFunders





 
Clink App





 
SaveDay





Learn What the Wealthy Know

                Sign Up for Our FREE Weekly Newsletter. Learn wealth-building strategies to get you on the path towards financial freedom.
        

Email*

Name

  










This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.




Latest Articles





The Best Financial Apps for Beginning Investors

 June 21, 2017 by Kara Perez
Knowing what’s going on with your money is the best way to grow your personal wealth. And today, with dozens of financial apps available to download, it’s never been easier […]




Hidden 401(k) or 403(b) Expenses

 May 28, 2017 by Miranda Marquit
We all know we’re supposed to be investing into tax-advantaged retirement accounts — for the good of our financial futures. The foundation of your financial future is supposed to be […]




Lending Club vs. Prosper – Which Is Better For Investing?

 May 28, 2017 by Larry Ludwig
Investors looking to take advantage of the great returns offered by peer-to-peer (P2P) lending have two choices: or . Both offer excellent potential returns for investors, but they do operate […]




How Might Peer-to-Peer Investing Do in a Recession?

 May 16, 2017 by Kevin Mercadante
Seven years into the current economic expansion, speculation is growing that a recession is close at hand. This suspicion is supported by signs of weakening in both retail and restaurants, […]




Best IRA Accounts – The Top Picks for 2017

 June 28, 2017 by Kevin Mercadante
It’s probably impossible to say that one size fits all when it comes to IRA accounts. But some brokerage firms excel on certain fronts and represent the best IRA accounts […]




Is Lending Club or Prosper a Risky Investment?

 May 16, 2017 by Larry Ludwig
An article by Todd Tresidder of Financial Mentor mentions the “dangers” of peer-to-peer (P2P) investing. From my experience P2P investing is not risky, and I have evidence to prove it.
 


















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft




















 











Washington Real Estate Investment Trust Announces Quarterly Dividend - TheStreet



































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Washington Real Estate Investment Trust Announces Quarterly Dividend






GlobeNewswire



Jul 27, 2017 7:18 PM EDT













 


























































 WASHINGTON, July 27, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Washington Real Estate Investment Trust ("Washington REIT" or the "Company") (NYSE:WRE), a leading owner and operator of commercial and multifamily properties in the Washington, DC area, announced today a quarterly dividend of $0.30 per share to be paid on September 29, 2017 to shareholders of record on September 15, 2017. Washington REIT is a self-administered, equity real estate investment trust investing in income-producing properties in the greater Washington metro region. Washington REIT owns a diversified portfolio of 50 properties, totaling approximately 6.3 million square feet of commercial space and 4,480 multifamily units, and land held for development.  These 50 properties consist of 20 office properties, 16 retail centers and 14 multifamily properties. Washington REIT shares are publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE:WRE).  Certain statements in our earnings release and on our conference call are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements in this earnings release preceded by, followed by or that include the words "believe," "expect," "intend," "anticipate," "potential," "project," "will" and other similar expressions. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially. Such risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to, changes in general and local economic and real estate market conditions, the potential for federal government budget reductions, the risk of failure to complete contemplated acquisitions and dispositions, the timing and pricing of lease transactions, the availability and cost of capital, fluctuations in interest rates, tenants' financial conditions, levels of competition, the effect of government regulation, and other risks and uncertainties detailed from time to time in our filings with the SEC, including our 2016 Form 10-K and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. We assume no obligation to update or supplement forward-looking statements that become untrue because of subsequent events.  CONTACT:Tejal EngmanVice President, Investor Relations and Corporate CommunicationsE-Mail:tengman@washreit.com    



 



 










































If you liked this article you might like













HCP: Real Estate, Real Profits and a Real Health Care Market Edge
Which REIT is the best choice for today's investors?



Thomas Scarlett

Mar 8, 2017 8:00 AM EST
























Stop Worrying About the Fed, and Buy This Resilient REIT Instead
Anxiety over the Federal Reserve's intentions is clobbering the real estate sector, which makes this all-weather REIT a smart buy now.



John Persinos

Oct 5, 2016 12:46 PM EDT
























Hungry for High Yield? Look to This REIT in the Heart of the Nation's Capital
This real estate investment trust is one of the most reliable income-and-growth packages you can find.



John Persinos

Jul 29, 2016 2:19 PM EDT
























Strong And Under The Radar: Washington REIT (WRE)
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Washington REIT (WRE) as a strong and under the radar candidate



TheStreet Wire

Jul 22, 2016 9:50 AM EDT








































 











Trending


I Believe 'Ugly' Would Be the Proper Term for the Selloff: Market Recon


Amazon Falls, Obamacare Repeal Fails - 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens


Check Out the Tesla Model 3's Key Specs as Elon Musk Prepares to Hand Out Keys Today


Don't Buy the Hype, Twitter Isn't Dead Yet; AT&T, Verizon Prove Their Worth


Tesla's Model 3 Arrives on Friday -- Here's Everything You Need to Know About This Over-Hyped Ride











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 

















Thomas F. Robards - Principal at Robards & Co. LLC



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Thomas F. Robards
Principal at Robards & Co. LLC



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Non-Profit Donations & Grants Political Donations Public Holdings 


Thomas F. Robards
Principal at Robards & Co. LLC



 Overview



Age



70
                                  (Born 1947)
                                              




Notable Companies


The American Museum of Natural History

Datek Online Holdings Corp.

Republic New York Corp.




Board Seats



12





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 569 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




US Fed News
September 26, 2013





                        FORM 8-K: ELLINGTON RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE REIT FILES CURRENT REPORT                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Laurence E. Penn

Vice Chairman & Chief Operating Officer at Ellington Management Group LLC




Michael William Vranos

Founder at Ellington Management Group LLC





Michael J. Zimmerman

Vice Chairman at Continental Grain Co.




Gary Dunning

Executive Director at Big Apple Circus Ltd.





Robert B. Allardice III

Former Chief Operating Officer-Equity Department at Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC




Ronald I. Simon

Former Chief Financial Officer at Wingcast, Inc.





Paul Binder

Former Founder/Artistic Director at Big Apple Circus Ltd.




Guillaume Dufresnoy

Artistic Director at Big Apple Circus Ltd.





Mark I. Tecotzky

Managing Director & Chief Investment Officer at Ellington Global Asset Management LLC




Lisa Mumford Wiley

Chief Financial Officer at Ellington Financial LLC







See 559 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 559 More 


 


 Paths to Thomas F. Robards



            Thomas F. Robards          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Thomas F. Robards






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Thomas F. Robards.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



Bachelor of Arts Degree 


Brown University

                  Brown University is located in historic Providence, Rhode Island and was founded in 1764. It is the seventh-oldest college in the United States. Brown is an independent, coeducational Ivy League institution comprising undergraduate and graduate programs, plus the Alpert Medical School, School of Public Health, School of Engineering, and the School of Professional Studies.                




Master of Business Administration Degree 


Harvard University - Harvard Business School

                  Harvard Business School (HBS) is the graduate business school of Harvard University in Boston, Massachusetts, United States. The school offers a large full-time MBA program, doctoral programs, and many executive education programs. It owns Harvard Business School Publishing, which publishes business books, leadership articles, online management tools for corporate learning, case studies, and the monthly Harvard Business Review.                





 Career History



Principal

                                    2005 - Current                


Robards & Co. LLC






Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President

                                    2003 - 2004                


The American Museum of Natural History


                  The American Museum of Natural History is a scientific and cultural institution. Its exhibitions and scientific collections, which serve as a field guide to the people and present a panorama of the world's cultures. The company is headquartered in New York, NY.                




Chief Financial Officer

                                    2000 - 2003                


Datek Online Holdings Corp.


                  Datek Online Holdings Corp. provides online brokerage services. It offers day trading and retail brokerage services in different parts of the United States. The company was founded in 1970 and is headquartered in Jersey City, NJ.                




Co-Founder

                                    1987 - Prior                


Cooke Center for Learning & Development


                  Cooke Center for Learning and Development is a non-sectarian, non-profit private provider of special education services in New York City offering a school for students ages 5 through 21, and consulting and training services. The Cooke Center collaborates with parents and professionals to provide inclusive educational programs for students with special needs, from early childhood to young adulthood.                




Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President

                                    1976 - 1999                


Republic New York Corp.






Treasurer & Director

                                    Prior                


National Down Syndrome Society


                  TO BE THE NATIONAL ADVOCATE FOR THE VALUE, ACCEPTANCE AND INCLUSION OF PEOPLE WITH DOWN SYNDROME.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Chairman of the Board

                    2009 - Current                  


Ellington Residential Mortgage Reit

                    Ellington Residential Mortgage REIT is a Maryland real estate investment trust, which engages in the acquisition, investment, and management of residential mortgage and real estate-related assets. It manages a portfolio, which consists of non-agency and agency residential mortgage-backed securities; and acquires other target assets, such as residential whole mortgage loans, commercial mortgage-backed securities, mortgage-related derivatives, and other asset-backed securities. The company was founded on August 1, 2012 and is headquartered in Old Greenwich, CT.                  




Chairman, Board of Directors

                    2007 - Current                  


Ellington Financial LLC

                    Ellington Financial LLC is a specialty finance company that specializes in acquiring and managing mortgage-related assets, including residential mortgage backed securities backed by prime jumbo, Alt-A, manufactured housing and subprime residential mortgage loans, residential mortgage-backed securities for which the principal and interest payments are guaranteed by a U.S. Government agency or a U.S. Government-sponsored enterprise, mortgage-related derivatives, commercial mortgage-backed securities, commercial mortgage loans and other commercial real estate debt, as well as corporate debt and equity securities and derivatives. Ellington Financial LLC is externally managed and advised by Ellington Financial Management LLC, an affiliate of Ellington Management Group, L.L.C.                  




Trustee

                    2004 - Current                  


HSBC Funds






Non-Executive Chairman

                    2013 - Prior                  


Ellington Housing, Inc.

                    Ellington Housing, Inc. acquires, owns, leases and manages single-family and multi-family residential real estate assets in U. S. It is managed by its manager, Ellington REIT Management LLC, which is an affiliate to Ellington Management Group LLC that is an investment management firm. The company was founded in September 2012 and is headquartered in Old Greenwich, CT.                  




Independent Director

                    2005 - 2014                  


Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc.

                    Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. engages in the business of providing energy transportation services for crude oil and petroleum products in the U.S. and international flag markets. It operates through two business units: U.S. Flag unit operates through its subsidiary OSG Bulk Ships, Inc. and International Flag unit operates through its subsidiary OSG International, Inc. which includes two segments International Crude Tankers and International Product Carriers. The company was founded in 1948 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                  




Director

                    1999 - 2006                  


Financial Federal Corp.

                    Financial Federal Corp. provides collateralized lending, financing, and leasing services nationwide to small & medium sized businesses in general construction, road & infrastructure construction & repair, road transportation, and refuse industries. The company's products and services include equipment sales finance & leasing program, direct financing, portfolio purchases, and management consulting. The company finances bulldozers, buses, cement mixers, compactors, concrete pumps, crawler cranes, earthmovers, excavators, hydraulic truck cranes, loaders, motor graders, pavers, personnel and material lifts, recycling equipment, resurfacers, rough terrain cranes, sanitation trucks, scrapers, trucks, truck tractors and trailers. Financial Federal was founded in 1989 and is headquartered in New York, NY                  




Director

                    1999 - 2000                  


ContiFinancial Corp.






Member, Board of Directors

                    1976 - 2000                  


Republic New York Corp.






Member-Management Executive Committee

                    Prior                  


Datek Online Holdings Corp.

                    Datek Online Holdings Corp. provides online brokerage services. It offers day trading and retail brokerage services in different parts of the United States. The company was founded in 1970 and is headquartered in Jersey City, NJ.                  




Non-Profit Boards ▾




Member, President's Council

                    2003 - 2004                  


The American Museum of Natural History

                    The American Museum of Natural History is a scientific and cultural institution. Its exhibitions and scientific collections, which serve as a field guide to the people and present a panorama of the world's cultures. The company is headquartered in New York, NY.                  




Treasurer & Director

                    Prior                  


National Down Syndrome Society

                    TO BE THE NATIONAL ADVOCATE FOR THE VALUE, ACCEPTANCE AND INCLUSION OF PEOPLE WITH DOWN SYNDROME.                  




Chairman

                    Tenure Unconfirmed                  


Big Apple Circus Ltd.

                    THE CREATION AND PERFORMANCE OF AN ANNUAL PRODUCTION HAS ALWAYS BEEN THE CENTRAL ACTIVITY FOR THE CIRCUS. THIS PRODUCTION ASSURES THE ORGANIZATION'S ARTISTIC INTEGRITY AND GUIDES THE DEVELOPMENT OF ITS FIVE COMMUNITY OUTREACH PROGRAMS. EACH YEAR, THE CIRCUS USES ITS INTERCULTURAL APPEAL AS THE BASIS FOR OUTREACH TO DIVERSE AUDIENCES, TRANSFORMING THE CIRCUS ACTS INTO A RESOURCE FOR PHYSICALLY AND ECONOMICALLY DISADVANTAGED COMMUNITIES. FIVE OUTREACH PROGRAMS, CLOWN CARE, VAUDEVILLE CARAVAN, CIRCUS OF THE SENSES, CIRCUS FOR ALL! AND CIRCUS AFTER SCHOOL, CONTINUE TO BRING THE ARTISTRY OF THE CIRCUS TO SPECIAL AUDIENCES, UNDER THE BIG TOP, AND IN HOSPITALS AND COMMUNITY CENTERS. IN ITS 33ND SEASON, THE BIG APPLE CIRCUS EMBRACED ITS ROLE AS NEW YORK'S "HOME TOWN" CIRCUS. THE SHOW TOURED FOR 40 WEEKS AND REACHED 8 LOCATIONS FOR A TOTAL OF 360 PERFORMANCES.                  





 Non-Profit Donations & Grants



$1,000 - $2,499

                  2002
                


Long Island University


                  In its ninth decade of providing access to the American dream through excellence in higher education, LIU is a multicampus, diverse, doctoral institution of higher learning. One of the largest and most comprehensive private universities in the country, the University offers more than 575 undergraduate, graduate and doctoral degree programs and certificates, and educates over 24,000* students in degree-credit and continuing education programs in Brooklyn, Brookville (LIU Post), Brentwood, Riverhead, and Rockland and Westchester (LIU Hudson). Other academic units include LIU Pharmacy (the Arnold & Marie Schwartz College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences), which prepares students for successful careers in the fields of pharmacy and health care; LIU Global, which provides a wide range of study abroad options at overseas centers in China, Costa Rica and India, and through programs in Australia, Ecuador, Peru, Taiwan, Thailand and Turkey; and LIU Online, which harnesses the latest technology to offer online and blended programs.

LIU’s 630 full-time faculty members provide outstanding instruction, which is supplemented by internships and cooperative education opportunities. The accomplishments of more than 186,000 living alumni are a testament to the success of its mission – providing the highest level of education to people from all walks of life. The institution also provides enrichment for students and the community through the world-class arts programming at LIU Tilles Center, NCAA Division I and II athletic teams and the nationally renowned George Polk Awards in journalism                





 Political Donations



$1,000

                  2005                


Gerald C. Weller








 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Thomas F. Robards is affiliated with
                            Robards & Co. LLC, The American Museum of Natural History, Datek Online Holdings Corp., Cooke Center for Learning & Development, Republic New York Corp., National Down Syndrome Society, Ellington Residential Mortgage Reit, Ellington Financial LLC, HSBC Funds, Ellington Housing, Inc., Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc., Financial Federal Corp., ContiFinancial Corp., Republic New York Corp., Datek Online Holdings Corp., The American Museum of Natural History, National Down Syndrome Society, Big Apple Circus Ltd..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	The RMR Group - Home


































Skip to main content








































careers
Contact
Tenant Login























The RMR Group

The RMR Group Inc. (Nasdaq: RMR) is a holding company and substantially all of its business is conducted by its majority-owned subsidiary, The RMR Group LLC.  The RMR Group LLC is an alternative asset management company that was founded in 1986 to invest in real estate and manage real estate related businesses. RMR's business primarily consists of providing management services to four publicly owned real estate investment trusts, or REITs, and three real estate related operating companies.
As of March 31, 2017, The RMR Group LLC had approximately $27.6 billion of total assets under management, including more than 1,400 properties, and employed over 475 real estate professionals in more than 35 offices throughout the United States; the companies managed by The RMR Group LLC collectively had approximately 53,000 employees.







For Investors
Read the latest news, events and presentations for The RMR Group.
Learn More


For Tenants
Access resources by logging onto our Tenant Portal.
Learn More


For Brokers
Learn more about the properties managed by The RMR Group.
Learn More












RMR has







XX.XX%
Dividend Yield




$ 27 . 6  Billion
Assests Under Management







RMR managed companies combined have







Over 1,400
Properties


Approximately $11  Billion
Annual Revenue


Approximately 53,000
Employees





Normal




The RMR Group News
YEAR: 







07/12/2017




                                    The RMR Group Inc. Announces Quarterly Dividend on Common Shares
                                


More




PDF format download (opens in new window)















06/14/2017




                                    The RMR Group Inc. to Ring Nasdaq Opening Bell on Wednesday, June 14, 2017
                                


More




PDF format download (opens in new window)















06/07/2017




                                    The RMR Group Inc. Announces Confidential Submission of a Draft Registration Statement for a Commercial Mortgage REIT
                                


More




PDF format download (opens in new window)




































Contact Us
                The rmr group 
                Two newton place 
                255 washington street 
                Newton. Ma 02458 
617 - 796 -8390





Privacy Policy


Terms & Conditions



                Copyright © 2017 The RMR Group 
                All rights reserved.
            


























careers
Contact
Tenant Login












Powered By Q4 Inc.
4.5.0.5
(opens in new window)













Cautionary Language



The information appearing in RMR's website includes statements which constitute forward looking statements. 
            These forward looking statements are based upon RMR's present intents, beliefs or expectations, but forward looking 
            statements are not guaranteed to occur and may not occur. RMR's actual results may differ materially from those contained in RMR's forward looking statements.
            The information contained in RMR's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including under “Risk Factors” and “Warnings Concerning Forward Looking Statements” 
            in RMR's periodic reports and other filings, identifies important factors that could cause RMR's actual results to differ materially from those stated or implied in RMR's 
            forward looking statements. RMR's filings with the SEC are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov and are also accessible on RMR's website at the following link: 
            SEC Filings. You should not place undue reliance upon forward looking statements. Except as required by law, RMR does not intend to update or change any forward looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

OK


















49.85
+0.00
+0%
Volume: 
29,500
Current Price
July 27, 2017



























	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































 




Real Estate Crowdfunding Comparison List












































































 



 


















Home > Real Estate > Real Estate Crowdfunding Comparison
Real Estate Crowdfunding Comparison List

Crowdfunding has become one of today’s hottest investing trends, with some of the biggest returns coming from the peer-to-peer (P2P) real estate lending marketplace. Although this trend is still relatively brand-new, it’s already made seismic shifts to the way investors profit from real estate debt, and a number of platforms seem to be springing up every day. Which platform should you use?
Here at Investor Junkie, we’ve tested many of the biggest names in this exciting sector. Here is a handy comparison chart to help you pick from some of our favorites.
Scroll to the right to see the comparison of all real estate firms.





 
CrowdStreet
Fundrise
LendingHome
Patch of Land
PeerStreet
RealCrowd
Realty Mogul
RealtyShares
Rich Uncles
Roofstock
Sharestates
 




 
More Info
More Info
More Info
More Info
More Info
More Info
More Info
More Info
More Info
More Info
More Info
 


 
Review
Review
Review
Review
Review
Review
Review
Review
Review
Review
Review
 


Rating
Rated 4 stars
Rated 3.5 stars
Rated 3.5 stars
Rated 4 stars
Rated 3.5 stars
Rated 3 stars
Rated 3 stars
Rated 4 stars
Rated 3.5 stars
Rated 3.5 stars
Rated 3.5 stars
Rating


Minimum Investment
$10,000
$1,000
$50,000
$5,000
$1,000
$5,000
$5,000
$5,000
$500
Varies
$1,000
Minimum Investment


Fees
None
0.3%–0.5%
0.85%
10% of interest fee
0.25%-1.0%
None
deal-specific
1% on equity; up to 2% interest rate spread on debt
None
0.5% one time fee
0-2% one time fee
Fees


Investment Terms
3 – 10 yr
N/A
0 – 12 mo
30 days – 36 mo
6 – 24 mo
3 – 5 yr
Debt: 6 – 12 mo; Equity 3 – 10 yr
6 Months – 10 yr
N/A
N/A
6 – 12 mo
Investment Terms


Accredited Investor
Yes
–
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
–
–
Yes
Accredited Investor


Private REIT
–
Yes
–
–
–
–
Yes ($2,500 min)
–
Yes
–
–
Private REIT


1031 Exchange
–
–
–
–
–
Yes
Yes
–
–
Yes
–
1031 Exchange


Pre-vetted
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Pre-vetted


Pre-funded
–
–
Yes
Yes
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
Pre-funded


Regions Served
50 States
50 States
 AZ, CA, CO, CT, FL, GA, IL, MD, MI, MO, NC, NJ, NV, NY, OH, OR, PA, SC, TN, TX, VA, WA and WV
46 States; excluding MN, SD, NV and AZ
50 States
50 States
50 States
50 States
CA, CO, CT, FL, GA, HI, ID, IL, IN, KY, LA, MT, NH, NV, NY, SC, SD, TX, UT, VA, VT, WI, WY
Atlanta, Dallas, Inianapolis, Jacksonville, Las Vegas, Miami, Orlando, San Francisco, Tampa, and Southwest Florida
AL, CT, DE, FL, GA, IL, IN, OH, MA, MD, ME, MI, NC, NJ, NY, PA, RI, SC, TN, TX, VA, and VT
Regions Served


Distributions
Monthly or Quarterly
Quarterly
Monthly
Monthly
Monthly
Monthly or Quarterly
Monthly or Quarterly
Monthly or Quarterly
Monthly
Monthly
Monthly
Distributions


Self Directed IRA
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
–
Yes
Yes
Yes
Self Directed IRA


Foreign Investors
Yes
–
–
Yes
–
–
–
–
Yes
Yes
Yes
Foreign Investors



Investment Offering Type



Debt
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
–
–
Yes
Debt


Equity
Yes
Yes
–
–
–
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
–
Yes
Equity


Preferred Equity
Yes
Yes
–
–
–
–
–
–
Yes
–
Yes
Preferred Equity


Direct Ownership
Yes
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
–
Yes
–
Direct Ownership



Property Type



Residential
–
–
Yes
Yes
Yes
–
Yes
–
Yes
Yes
Yes
Residential


Commercial
Yes
Yes
–
Yes
–
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
–
Yes
Commercial


 
More Info
More Info
More Info
More Info
More Info
More Info
More Info
More Info
More Info
More Info
More Info
 


 
CrowdStreet
Fundrise
LendingHome
Patch of Land
PeerStreet
RealCrowd
Realty Mogul
RealtyShares
Rich Uncles
Roofstock
Sharestates
 




 Share8 Tweet9 Share6 Reddit Email 
Suggested For You

A P2P Real Estate Crowdfunding Comparison GuideHow to Use Crowdfunding as an Alternative Way of InvestingHow to Successfully Invest in Real Estate With Brandon TurnerOnline Broker Comparison ListRobo-Advisor Comparison - A Detailed Breakdown Chart 





























Home













































207-781-7637





























It Was the Best of Times, It Was the Worst of Times
All about how missing the best market days (or the worst!) might affect your portfolio.
Learn More


The Cost of Procrastination
Procrastination can be costly. When you get a late start, it may be difficult to make up for lost time.
Learn More


When Special Care Is Needed: The Special Needs Trust
A special needs trust helps care for a special needs child when you’re gone.
Learn More


Consider These 3 Things Before Driving Off the Lot
There are a few things to consider when buying or leasing your next vehicle.
Learn More















TOGETHER WE MAKEA GREAT TEAM
RM Financial Services, LLC, is committed to helping our clients improve their long-term financial success. Providing both Investment Advisory and traditional brokerage services, we are able to tailor a blend of financial planning and asset management to suit each client’s particular needs. As an independent firm, we have a full range and breadth of products and services to choose from. This allows us the freedom to focus on investor needs without the influence of proprietary pressures common to large wire houses.
Our Principle
To work closely with you in identifying and achieving your financial goals. With over 50 years combined experience in the financial industry, we have the experience and knowledge to take your objectives and risks and work them into a realistic financial plan that fits your needs.

We are dedicated to your financial Success
It is our objective to provide an unprecedented level of customer service and expertise in helping you reach your financial goals.

                Learn More                    

 
 
 
 
 
  








Our Commitment



Our staff consists of experienced professionals with a “hands on” approach to financial guidance. Not only will you find our team members knowledgeable, but you will also discover that our staff truly cares about making your dreams a reality. As your Financial Professionals, we strive to keep you focused on where you want to go, advise you on how to get there, and remind you of the importance of maintaining a disciplined approach to realizing your dreams.
    



Learn More  

Saving for Retirement
          
          Will you have enough money for retirement?
        



Learn More  

Financial Advice
          
          Start learning how to manage your finances.
        












Our Services
At RM Financial Services, LLC we provide expert assistance in the following areas:


  
Investments:

Equities
Bonds
Mutual Funds
Annuities
529 Plans
ETFs
REITs
Traditional IRAs
Roth IRAs
Employer Plans  

  
Financial Planning:

Retirement
Business
College
Estate
Life Goals  

  
Insurance:

Life Insurance
Long Term Care
Disability  
News & Market Updates
Get the latest business and world news on financial & earnings stock markets.


  
Market Snapshot
 

  
Headline News
 










































