

 QuickCorps.Com | Form an LLC or incorporate for business online today
































Incorporate Now















Launch Your Business 
With Speed And Value


Packages starting at $39 plus state filing fees.
Free 1st Year Registered Agent. 
All orders include free shipping.

Get Started











Start Your Business In 3 Easy Steps






1


Select a Package
We provide a side by side comparison of each of our packages. Select the package that is most suitable to your business needs.






2


Complete Order Form
Provide information about your company based on the selected state of incorporation.






3


Receive Your Documents
We do the work for you to draft your articles and work with the state to file your company. Upon completion we will mail your filed company formation documents to the address you provide.






What's included in each package?
See Plans & Pricing









How Does it Work

Once your order is placed we will begin processing the formation of your company. If additional information is required we will contact you for the necessary information. We handle your formation from beginning to end and make sure that your formation is filed quickly and correctly.





Review  Order Details

Every new order is reviewed for accuracy and conformity to state filing guidelines.



Name  Availability Search

A thorough name search is conducted with the state to ascertain the availability of the company name.



Prepare  and File Documents

Articles of Incorporation / Organization are prepared and delivered to the governing state agency.



Deliver  Filed Documents

The filed articles along with any additional services are mailed to the client.












Get a Quick Quote







Select Entity Type
LLC
S-Corporation
C-Corporation
Nonprofit






Select State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington DC
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming








Get Started Now














How can we help you?



Client Support 





Name *



Email Address *



Phone Number *



Message *





Send Message



Thanks for your message! We'll get back to you as soon as we can.

Send Other



















 







RM Talavi REIT, LLC - REITS and Finance- Benbassat  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









RM Talavi REIT, LLC

      Industry: REITS and Finance
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    11990 San Vincente Boulevard, Suite 200  
    Los Angeles, CA, 90049Phone: 310-806-9800 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-21


New


$125,000


$125,000


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Matt Benbassat 
 Executive 


 Jeffrey A. Dinkin 
 Promoter 


 Eric R.L. Fleiss 
 Director 


 Brian Sullivan 
 Executive, Promoter 



















REIT Industry Lagging In Technology Adoption - MRI















































  Commercial Solutions Property Management  Commercial Management Corporate Real Estate Advanced Retail LeaseFlow  Building & Tenant Operations  Tenant Connect Workspeed  Financials  Accounts Payable Enterprise & General Ledger Corporate AR Budgeting & Forecasting JobCost ✫NEW✫ Vendor Pay ✫NEW✫ Investment Accounting ✫NEW✫ Lease Accounting Standards  Empowering Flexibility  Audit Trail MRI Flexibility Toolkit MRI Application Exchange (MAX) MRI Information Exchange (MIX) MRI SaaS ViewPoint  
Multifamily     Multifamily Solutions Property Management  Residential Management Affordable Housing Bostonpost CondoPlus DHCR Inspection Management  Prospect & Resident Engagement  Market Connect Prospect Connect Resident Connect Automated Communications Suite Resident Screening  Financials  Accounts Payable Enterprise & General Ledger Budgeting & Forecasting JobCost ✫NEW✫ Vendor Pay ✫NEW✫ Investment Accounting  Empowering Flexibility  Audit Trail MRI Flexibility Toolkit MRI Application Exchange (MAX) MRI Information Exchange (MIX) MRI SaaS ViewPoint  
Corporate     Corporate Real Estate Solutions Financials  Accounts Payable Enterprise & General Ledger ✫NEW✫ Lease Accounting Standards  Empowering Flexibility  Audit Trail MRI Flexibility Toolkit MRI Application eXchange (MAX) MRI Information eXchange (MIX) SaaS Solutions ViewPoint  
Investment     Investment Suite Investment Management Investment Modeling Analytics and Reporting Data Management Services 
Services     Global Client Support myMRI Portal Concierge Support Order Supplies Phone Numbers and Hours Global Professional Services Training  MRI Training Academy  MRI Application eXchange (MAX) Users Group 
Partners     Partner Connect Explore Our Product Partners Explore Our Services Partners Explore Our ILS Partners Become a Partner 
About MRI     Overview Leadership Team Our Team Contact News MRI Watercooler Blog Events Refer a Friend 
Careers
Training
Global Sites     EMEA Canada Asia ANZ 
Get In Touch
        REIT Industry Lagging In Technology Adoption     May 16, 2017May 18, 2017/ Andy Birch REIT Industry Lagging In Technology Adoption Over the last 20 years, the Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT) industry has seen meteoric growth. REIT market capitalizations grew from around $7 billion in 1993 to $700 billion in 2013, and surpassed $1 trillion in 2016. In addition, the average daily trading volume has nearly doubled in the last five years, increasing from $3.7 billion in 2012 to $7.2 billion in 2017. Despite its impressive growth, the REIT industry has lagged in adopting commercial real estate technology. There are two reasons for this that immediately come to mind: Technology adoption is held back by the mindset that Commercial Real Estate (CRE), including REITs, is only about buildings and other physical structures. In reality, CRE is about data  — the collection, analyzing and sharing of vast amounts of data. This realization is vital to being a leader in the competitive REIT world. Many REITs have been managed using a very entrepreneurial style, instead of following a more traditional process-oriented approach. As a result, operational efficiencies have not been realized through the adoption of more modern software. Currently, the REIT industry faces a number of challenges and complexities, including:  Stakeholder Visibility – Knowledgeable investors are demanding greater transparency and more information to better understand risk and make decisions. Manually gathering and aggregating this data can be time-consuming, but Investment Management and reporting solutions can alleviate this burden. Local and Global requirements – The global growth of REITs and the need to manage portfolios of properties from different countries forces commercial real estate companies to review available REIT technology to accommodate local conditions and reporting requirements. Uncertain REIT Forecasts – NAREIT (National Association of Real Estate Trusts) believes that REIT forecasts are favorable for 2017; however, they do cite a risk of interest rate increases as well as an unpredictable economic environment. This uncertainty in REIT forecasts does require more formalized modeling, forecasting and planning. Potential Regulatory Changes – The tremendous growth of REITs and the increase in REIT conversions by investment companies has not gone unnoticed by regulatory bodies. Aside from minimal taxation changes under the PATH Act of 2015, very few new regulations have been introduced to impact REITs directly over the last couple of years. If tax laws change in the future, the general consensus is that REITs will still be treated favorably from a taxation perspective. Sustainability Reporting – The sustainability movement is gaining a lot of traction, and the impact is being felt in the REIT environment. Investors, environmental regulators and other interested parties are demanding green initiatives backed by data to prove their effectiveness. The need to disclose sustainability data and performance adds to the REIT’s reporting burden, but green initiatives have been paying off, and the right technology can help with monitoring and reporting.  Why REITs should invest in software Navigating the REIT environment can be a nightmare for CRE professionals who don’t have the latest tools at their disposal. REIT management companies are beginning to realize that achieving greater operational efficiencies, cost reductions, and better risk management will be important differentiators. REIT technology and commercial real estate solutions promote the streamlining of processes through automation and centralization. Once REIT technology has been implemented, the focus of day-to-day REIT management moves away from pure real estate accounting, financial data gathering and reporting to REIT analysis, planning, REIT forecasts, financial modeling and running “what if” scenarios. The result is a far more proactive tone in REIT asset management, combining superior decision making with operational effectiveness. Those REITs employing up-to-date, integrated commercial real estate technology solutions are certain to have a competitive edge over their rivals. Learn more about improving data management for Public REITs in the on-demand webinar. Or sign up for our next live webinar to learn about automating reporting and analysis.  Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on Google+Share on LinkedinPrevious blog postNext blog post
   x










Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














RM Senior Living Richfield LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











RM Senior Living Richfield LLC
List of persons related to the company RM Senior Living Richfield LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of RM Senior Living Richfield LLC.

CIK Number: 0001700401IRS Number: 815400482Company address: 1964 WEST WAYZATA BLVD. STE. 200 LONG LAKE 55356Phone number: 952-210-7460



People related to RM Senior Living Richfield LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryNickoloff  Bo5201 Eden Avenue Suite 250EdinaMNRoers  Brian1964 West Wayzata Boulevard Suite 200Long LakeMNRoers  Kent1964 West Wayzata Boulevard Suite 200Long LakeMN




RM Senior Living Richfield LLC on the Web
Related companiesRM Desert Ridge REIT, LLC, RM Domestic Partners II, LP, RM Domestic Partners III, LP, RM Domestic Partners, LP, RM MAG Chestnut LLC, RM MANHATTAN LLC, RM Mountain View REIT, LLC, RM North Texas Venture I, LLC, RM Panorama REIT, LLC, RM Properties Access Fund, L.P., RM RESTAURANT HOLDING CORP, RM RESTAURANTS LLC, RM Talavi REIT, LLC, RMA Capital Partners LP, RMA Core Plus RE Fund I-R, LLC












 

















 











3 Residential REITs to Buy Now - TheStreet





























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































3 Residential REITs to Buy Now









Laurie Kulikowski




Jun 11, 2015 11:52 AM EDT













 




























































 NEW YORK (TheStreet) -- Rising interest rates on the horizon could be bad news for the real estate investment trust, or REIT, industry. But that doesn't mean all REITs are bad investments. There are plenty of commercial real estate REITs as well as retail REITs worthy of investment. Below are three residential REIT investments to consider. In general, investors like REITs for their strong dividend income, among other factors, as REITs are required to pay out at least 90% of their income in the form of dividends to investors each year. TheStreet Ratings, TheStreet's proprietary ratings tool, projects a stock's total return potential over a 12-month period including both price appreciation and dividends. Based on 32 major data points, TheStreet Ratings uses a quantitative approach to rating over 4,300 stocks to predict return potential for the next year. The model is both objective, using elements such as volatility of past operating revenues, financial strength, and company cash flows, and subjective, including expected equities market returns, future interest rates, implied industry outlook and forecasted company earnings. Buying an S&P 500 stock that TheStreet Ratings rated a "buy" yielded a 16.56% return in 2014 beating the S&P 500 Total Return Index by 304 basis points. Buying a Russell 2000 stock that TheStreet Ratings rated a "buy" yielded a 9.5% return in 2014, beating the Russell 2000 index, including dividends reinvested, by 460 basis points last year. Note: Research and ratings are as of June 7, 2015. Year-to-date returns are based on June 10, 2015 closing prices. 



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













The XLRE ETF Has a Lot to Tell Us About Real Estate
These 3 holdings are vulnerable as real estate has underperformed the S&P 500 since November.



Bruce Kamich

Feb 16, 2017 12:18 PM EST
























S&P Dow Jones Indices Launching New Real Estate Sector
A new sector is being launched by S&P Dow Jones Indices after the markets close on September 16, moving the real estate companies from financials to their own segment.



Ellen Chang

Sep 16, 2016 11:25 AM EDT
























Cramer: The Answer to This Market: Part 1
The leadership is quite stark.



Jim Cramer

Aug 29, 2016 6:00 AM EDT
























Strong And Under The Radar Today: AvalonBay Communities (AVB)
Trade-Ideas LLC identified AvalonBay Communities (AVB) as a strong and under the radar candidate



TheStreet Wire

Jul 29, 2016 10:27 AM EDT








































 











Trending


I Believe 'Ugly' Would Be the Proper Term for the Selloff: Market Recon


Amazon Falls, Obamacare Repeal Fails - 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens


Check Out the Tesla Model 3's Key Specs as Elon Musk Prepares to Hand Out Keys Today


Don't Buy the Hype, Twitter Isn't Dead Yet; AT&T, Verizon Prove Their Worth


Tesla's Model 3 Arrives on Friday -- Here's Everything You Need to Know About This Over-Hyped Ride











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















5 Retail REITs to Buy with the Highest Dividend Yields - TheStreet




























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































5 Retail REITs to Buy with the Highest Dividend Yields









Laurie Kulikowski




Jun 3, 2015 8:57 AM EDT













 




























































 NEW YORK (TheStreet) -- Real estate investment trusts that specifically invest in the retail sector have been challenged -- to say the least -- not only from lower overall consumer spending of late, but online shopping continues to threaten brick-and-mortar stores. Yet, there are still sound investments in the retail REIT sector. Retail REITs invest in shopping centers, malls, convenience stores and retail chains. Investors generally like REITs for their strong dividend income, among other factors, as REITs are required to pay out at least 90% of their income in the form of dividends to investors each year. One potential boost to the retail REIT sector is the transformation of stores as separate from their online counterparts. It's a growing strategy called omni-channel shopping and combines both online and in-store experiences to allow the customer to purchase how and when she wants. Retail chains like Apple  (AAPL) and Macy's (M) are forging ahead with so-called omni-channel shopping strategies, and that could benefit retail REITs, wrote Bank of America Merrill Lynch analyst Jeffrey Spector in a note to clients in December. "For retail REITs with dominant assets, omni-channel retailing has created significant demand for flagship stores helping these landlords push rents. We expect this to continue in 2015, as BofAML's retail team believes we are entering the next phase, with retailers optimizing omni-channel efforts," the note said. So, which ones should investors add to their portfolios? Here's five to consider. The stocks on this list are all buy-rated stocks in the Retail REITs sub-industry. And when you're done be sure to check out the nine office REITs to buy. TheStreet Ratings, TheStreet's proprietary ratings tool, projects a stock's total return potential over a 12-month period including both price appreciation and dividends. Based on 32 major data points, TheStreet Ratings uses a quantitative approach to rating over 4,300 stocks to predict return potential for the next year. The model is both objective, using elements such as volatility of past operating revenues, financial strength, and company cash flows, and subjective, including expected equities market returns, future interest rates, implied industry outlook and forecasted company earnings. Buying an S&P 500 stock that TheStreet Ratings rated a "buy" yielded a 16.56% return in 2014 beating the S&P 500 Total Return Index by 304 basis points. Buying a Russell 2000 stock that TheStreet Ratings rated a "buy" yielded a 9.5% return in 2014, beating the Russell 2000 index, including dividends reinvested, by 460 basis points last year. Note: Year-to-date returns are based on June 2, 2015 closing prices.  ADC data by YCharts  1. Agree Realty Corp. (ADC) Market Cap: $530 million  Annual Dividend Yield: 5.88% Year-to-date return: -1.9% Agree Realty Corporation, a real estate investment trust (REIT), engages in the ownership, development, acquisition, and management of retail properties, which are primarily leased to national and regional retail companies in the United States. TheStreet Ratings: Buy, B TheStreet Ratings said: "We rate AGREE REALTY CORP (ADC) a BUY. This is driven by several positive factors, which we believe should have a greater impact than any weaknesses, and should give investors a better performance opportunity than most stocks we cover. The company's strengths can be seen in multiple areas, such as its robust revenue growth, expanding profit margins, good cash flow from operations, increase in net income and growth in earnings per share. We feel its strengths outweigh the fact that the company has had somewhat disappointing return on equity." Highlights from the analysis by TheStreet Ratings Team goes as follows:  The revenue growth came in higher than the industry average of 8.5%. Since the same quarter one year prior, revenues rose by 25.2%. This growth in revenue appears to have trickled down to the company's bottom line, improving the earnings per share. The gross profit margin for AGREE REALTY CORP is rather high; currently it is at 57.72%. It has increased from the same quarter the previous year. Along with this, the net profit margin of 40.44% significantly outperformed against the industry average. Net operating cash flow has increased to $9.01 million or 10.23% when compared to the same quarter last year. In addition, AGREE REALTY CORP has also modestly surpassed the industry average cash flow growth rate of 0.73%. The net income growth from the same quarter one year ago has greatly exceeded that of the S&P 500, but is less than that of the Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) industry average. The net income increased by 18.3% when compared to the same quarter one year prior, going from $5.38 million to $6.37 million. AGREE REALTY CORP's earnings per share improvement from the most recent quarter was slightly positive. This company has reported somewhat volatile earnings recently. But, we feel it is poised for EPS growth in the coming year. During the past fiscal year, AGREE REALTY CORP reported lower earnings of $1.23 versus $1.41 in the prior year. This year, the market expects an improvement in earnings ($1.54 versus $1.23).   You can view the full analysis from the report here: ADC Ratings Report       



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Here's a Great Place to Find Dividends If You Are Terrified About a Stock Market Correction
Investors, antsy about increased volatility in the markets, might look to high dividend yielding REITs to ride out the uncertainty.



Janet Morrissey

Jul 10, 2017 5:39 PM EDT
























7 Breakout Stocks Spiking on Big Volume
These stocks rising on unusual volume are within range of triggering big breakout trades.



Roberto Pedone

Sep 27, 2016 8:11 AM EDT
























Free-Standing Retail REITs on a Run but Will It Last?
Certain retail REITs have been on a run in 2016, hitting record highs, despite weak retail sales numbers. And if interest rates don't spike, the run could continue.



Janet Morrissey

Aug 22, 2016 10:01 AM EDT
























New Lifetime High Reached By Agree Realty (ADC)
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Agree Realty (ADC) as a new lifetime high candidate



TheStreet Wire

Jul 5, 2016 9:47 AM EDT








































 











Trending


I Believe 'Ugly' Would Be the Proper Term for the Selloff: Market Recon


Amazon Falls, Obamacare Repeal Fails - 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens


Check Out the Tesla Model 3's Key Specs as Elon Musk Prepares to Hand Out Keys Today


Don't Buy the Hype, Twitter Isn't Dead Yet; AT&T, Verizon Prove Their Worth


Tesla's Model 3 Arrives on Friday -- Here's Everything You Need to Know About This Over-Hyped Ride











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 

























Home













































207-781-7637





























It Was the Best of Times, It Was the Worst of Times
All about how missing the best market days (or the worst!) might affect your portfolio.
Learn More


The Cost of Procrastination
Procrastination can be costly. When you get a late start, it may be difficult to make up for lost time.
Learn More


When Special Care Is Needed: The Special Needs Trust
A special needs trust helps care for a special needs child when you’re gone.
Learn More


Consider These 3 Things Before Driving Off the Lot
There are a few things to consider when buying or leasing your next vehicle.
Learn More















TOGETHER WE MAKEA GREAT TEAM
RM Financial Services, LLC, is committed to helping our clients improve their long-term financial success. Providing both Investment Advisory and traditional brokerage services, we are able to tailor a blend of financial planning and asset management to suit each client’s particular needs. As an independent firm, we have a full range and breadth of products and services to choose from. This allows us the freedom to focus on investor needs without the influence of proprietary pressures common to large wire houses.
Our Principle
To work closely with you in identifying and achieving your financial goals. With over 50 years combined experience in the financial industry, we have the experience and knowledge to take your objectives and risks and work them into a realistic financial plan that fits your needs.

We are dedicated to your financial Success
It is our objective to provide an unprecedented level of customer service and expertise in helping you reach your financial goals.

                Learn More                    

 
 
 
 
 
  








Our Commitment



Our staff consists of experienced professionals with a “hands on” approach to financial guidance. Not only will you find our team members knowledgeable, but you will also discover that our staff truly cares about making your dreams a reality. As your Financial Professionals, we strive to keep you focused on where you want to go, advise you on how to get there, and remind you of the importance of maintaining a disciplined approach to realizing your dreams.
    



Learn More  

Saving for Retirement
          
          Will you have enough money for retirement?
        



Learn More  

Financial Advice
          
          Start learning how to manage your finances.
        












Our Services
At RM Financial Services, LLC we provide expert assistance in the following areas:


  
Investments:

Equities
Bonds
Mutual Funds
Annuities
529 Plans
ETFs
REITs
Traditional IRAs
Roth IRAs
Employer Plans  

  
Financial Planning:

Retirement
Business
College
Estate
Life Goals  

  
Insurance:

Life Insurance
Long Term Care
Disability  
News & Market Updates
Get the latest business and world news on financial & earnings stock markets.


  
Market Snapshot
 

  
Headline News
 










































