

	WAO NAHELE Trademark of Robb, Stephen. Serial Number: 77512927 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Staple Food Products
WAO NAHELE










 
Get FREE email alerts













WAO NAHELE  Trademark Information
 Robb, Stephen
Hot Sauce




Perfect for these industries

Staple Food Products





Words that describe this mark
hot   sauce    
                                    




This is a brand page for the WAO NAHELE trademark by Robb, Stephen 
                                in San Diego, CA, 92109.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this WAO NAHELE trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Robb, Stephen of the WAO NAHELE trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the WAO NAHELE trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, July 01, 2008,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        WAO NAHELE by 
                        Robb, Stephen, San Diego, CA  92109.
                        The USPTO has given the WAO NAHELE 
                        trademark serial  number of  77512927.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE.
                        The correspondent listed for WAO NAHELE is 
                        
                        
                                            ROBB, STEPHEN of 
                                            3453 INGRAHAM ST # 208,  SAN DIEGO, CA 92109-6713,  
                                .
                            The WAO NAHELE trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Staple Food Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for WAO NAHELE 
                            is Hot Sauce. 
                            





Word mark:
 WAO NAHELE


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE

9/11/2015



  Serial Number:  
77512927


  Filing Date:  
7/1/2008


 Registration Number:  
3572345 


 Registration Date:  
2/10/2009


 Goods and Services: 
Hot Sauce


 Mark Description: 
The mark consists of the stylized text "Wao Nahele".


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
11/25/2008


Last Applicant/Owner:

Robb, StephenSan Diego, CA  92109
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing with Words in Stylized form


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


ROBB, STEPHEN
3453 INGRAHAM ST # 208
SAN DIEGO, CA 92109-6713







 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (030) - Coffee, tea, cocoa, sugar, rice, tapioca, sago, artificial coffee; flour and preparations made from cereals, bread, pastry and confectionery, ices; honey, treacle; yeast, baking powder; salt, mustard; vinegar, sauces (condiments); spices; ice. 


First Use Anywhere: 
10/1/2006


First Use In Commerce: 
1/28/2008





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your WAO NAHELE trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

9/11/2015
CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



ROBB, STEPHEN


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of WAO NAHELE trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search waonahele on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for WAO NAHELE 




WAO NAHELE is providing Hot Sauce.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





















Stephen Willett Robb - New Bern, NC | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Stephen Willett Robb in New Bern, NC


Stephen Willett Robb

                                                                           Intelius found that Stephen Willett Robb  is  a male between 60 and 60 years old from New Bern, NC.  We have connected them to
                5 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 1 relative or associate.
         





Also Known As

Steve W Robb


Get Report Now

Age

Stephen Willett Robb is in his 60s

Stephen Has Lived In

New Bern, NC
North Olmsted, OH
Winston Salem, NC

Stephen's Relatives

Jayne Robb







Stephen Willett Robb



Zodiac SignScorpio



GenderMale



Professional Status
Senior Mechanical Engineer at Moen Incorporated



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Stephen? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Stephen, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Stephen Willett Robb
Get a Criminal Check on Stephen Willett Robb
Get a Public Record Report on Stephen Willett Robb
Get a People Search Report on Stephen Willett Robb


Stephen Willett Robb's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Stephen Willett Robb has lived as well as Stephen Willett Robb's phone numbers and email addresses.




Stephen Willett Robb Has Lived in 2 States
North Carolina Address for Stephen Willett Robb


1611 J******** C* 

New Bern, NC


Has Lived In

New Bern, NC
North Olmsted, OH


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Stephen Willett Robb

() ***-**** - New Bern, NC 
(252) ***-****
(919) ***-**** - New Bern, NC 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Stephen Willett Robb

s***b@***.com
s********b@***.com


Get Email Report




Stephen Willett Robb's Professional Information
Information regarding Stephen Willett Robb's professional history.  Find out previous places Stephen Willett Robb has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Stephen Willett Robb Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Moen Incorporated
               Title: Senior Mechanical Engineer
Stephen Willett Robb's Experience
Title: Senior Mechanical Engineer
               Company: Moen Incorporated
Job Details
               Moen, the number one faucet brand in North America, takes pride in its thoughtfully designed products and takes time to listen to how consumers and showroom partners wish to interact with the company. Drawing from this knowledge, the brand has launched a new showroom merchandising solution called Gallery, specifically designed to better serve showroom consultants and homeowners shopping for new plumbing fixtures, through its holistic display of Moen's complete portfolio of kitchen and bath products.
Additional Professional Information on Stephen Willett Robb

 See Stephen Willett Robb's LinkedIn Profile



Stephen Willett Robb's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Stephen Willett Robb


Stephen Willett Robb's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Stephen Willett Robb's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Stephen Robb
Username Matches

                  StephenRobb
                  RobbStephen
                  Stephen.Robb
                  Robb.Stephen
                  Stephen_Robb
                  Robb_Stephen
                  Stephen-Robb
                  Robb-Stephen
                  SRobb
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
S Robb







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.

















Find a Doctor, Dentist or Hospital Reviews, UCompareHealthCare





 











































xcuwaasbzdsx
















Show all results
Hide results 



Show all results
Hide results 








Welcome
About





Search and Compare for Better Care







Click any of the search examples below
Dentists in Houston, TX
Podiatrists in New York, New York
Emergency Medicine in Jackson, MS







5.5+
Million  Ratings

read reviews


50+
Thousand  Pharmacies

search pharmacies


1.0+
Million  Professionals

search doctors


6+
Thousand  Hospitals

search hospitals











ADVERTISEMENT



















 








Find Doctors by Specialty





 











































xcuwaasbzdsx
















Show all results
Hide results 



Show all results
Hide results 






Home

				 > 						
Doctors

				 > 						Specialties









ADVERTISEMENT




















ADVERTISEMENT















Find Doctors by Specialty



A 

Adolescent Medicine Physicians
Allergists and Immunologists
Anesthesiologists


B 

Bariatric Physicians


C 

Cardiologists
Cardiovascular Disease Physicians
Clinical Cardiac Electrophysiologists
Colorectal Surgeons (Proctologists)
Critical Care Physicians


D 

Dermatologists
Diagnostic Radiologists


E 

Emergency Medicine Physicians
Endocrinologists


F 

Family Practice Physicians


G 

Gastroenterologists
General Practice Physicians
General Surgeons
Geriatric Medicine Physicians
Gynecologists
Gynecologists / Oncologists


H 

Hematologists / Oncologists
Hospitalists


I 

Infectious Disease Physicians
Internal Medicine Physicians
Interventional Cardiologists


M 

Medical Oncologists


N 

Nephrologists
Neurologists
Neurosurgeons


O 

Obstetricians / Gynecologists
Ophthalmologists
Orthopedic Spine Surgeons
Orthopedic Surgeons
Otolaryngologists


P 

Pain Management Physicians
Pediatric Cardiologists
Pediatricians
Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation Physicians
Plastic Surgeons
Psychiatrists
Pulmonary Disease Physicians


R 

Radiation Oncologists
Radiologists
Rheumatologists


S 

Hand Surgeons
Sleep Medicine Specialists
Sports Medicine Specialists


T 

Thoracic Surgeons


U 

Urologists


V 

Vascular Surgeons















ADVERTISEMENT



















ADVERTISEMENT



















 






Massachusetts Realtor & Real Estate Agent Reviews  | Zillow









Agents


Home Improvement


Property Managers


Builders


Photographers


Other









                        Massachusetts
                    








Real Estate Agents in Massachusetts



Agents are ordered using an algorithm that weighs different types of activity in the region, including reviews, sales in the last 12 months, and listings.







Location
 


Name
 




Find Agents in Your Area
Enter your location, or search for a specific agent by name.







            Filter Options
        









            Agent Type
                

Filter to see agents that work individually, or with a supporting team.





Both



Individual



Team






Service Needed


            Buying or selling
        

            Buying a home
        

            Selling a home
        





Advanced












Home Type


            Any
        

            Houses
        

            Apartments
        

            Condo/co-ops
        

            Townhomes
        

            Manufactured
        

            Lots/Land
        





Home Price


Home Price Minimum


            Min
        

            Min: $50K
        

            Min: $75K
        

            Min: $100K
        

            Min: $150K
        

            Min: $200K
        

            Min: $250K
        

            Min: $300K
        

            Min: $400K
        

            Min: $500K
        

            Min: $1M
        

            Min: $5M
        


to

Home Price Maximum


            Max
        

            Max: $100K
        

            Max: $200K
        

            Max: $300K
        

            Max: $400K
        

            Max: $500K
        

            Max: $600K
        

            Max: $700K
        

            Max: $800K
        

            Max: $900K
        

            Max: $1M
        

            Max: $5M
        







Languages


            English
        

            Arabic
        

            Bengali
        

            Cantonese
        

            Farsi
        

            French
        

            German
        

            Greek
        

            Hebrew
        

            Hindi
        

            Hungarian
        

            Italian
        

            Japanese
        

            Korean
        

            Mandarin
        

            Polish
        

            Portuguese
        

            Russian
        

            Spanish
        

            Tagalog (Filipino)
        

            Thai
        

            Turkish
        

            Vietnamese
        





Specialties


            Any
        

            Buyer's Agent
        

            Listing Agent
        

            Relocation
        

            Foreclosure
        

            Short-Sale
        

            Consulting
        

            Other
        








sortBy:



page:



showAdvancedItems:











            Reviews in MA
        



Agents are ordered using an algorithm that weighs different types of activity in the region, including reviews, sales in the last 12 months, and listings.





Sort by: Most active






                    Most active
                



                    Most recent sales
                



                    Best local reviews
                



                    Most listings
                








        Client review
    







Sorry! The location you entered contains too many agents.
Please narrow your search by entering in a city, neighborhood, or zip code.













    Whether you are looking to
    rent,
    buy or sell your home, Zillow's directory of local real estate agents and brokers
        in Massachusetts
    connects you with professionals who can help meet your needs. Because the Massachusetts real estate market is unique, it's important to choose a real estate agent or broker with local expertise to guide you through the process of renting, buying or selling your next home. Our directory helps you find real estate professionals who specialize in buying, selling, foreclosures, or relocation - among many other options. Alternatively, you could work with a local agent or real estate broker who provides an entire suite of buying and selling services.


    No matter what type of real estate needs you have, finding the local real estate professional you want to work with is the first step. The Massachusetts  real estate directory lets you view and compare real estate agents, read reviews, see an agent's current listings and past sales, and contact agents directly from their profile pages on Zillow.


    Zillow is the leading real estate and rental marketplace dedicated to empowering consumers with data, inspiration and knowledge around the place they call home, and connecting them with the best local professionals who can help.



Are you a real estate agent?


See more
See less



    Check out the extensive resources you can find in our Premier Agent® Resource Center, covering everything from business plan templates to complete guides on real estate marketing. Not a Premier Agent yet? Find out how real estate advertising on Zillow and Trulia can help you get more leads.









 































 Stephen J. Robb | Sojourners

































Skip to main content







Quicklinks

 



Sojourners










You are hereHomeStephen J. Robb





Stephen J. Robb



Subscribe


Your e-mail 



Zip code (US only) 




Sign Up



 









X 















Robb Stephen P Jr | TX | Read Reviews + Get a Free Estimate | BuildZoom


































































×





Want a quote from
Robb, Stephen P Jr?


We recommend getting 3 quotes
for any construction project. 
Use our
free bidding system
to get a quote from Robb, Stephen P Jr
+ 2 more of the best.



Tell us about your project









Is this your business? Claim now >






R







BZ Score:
90







License # 54679




TX









Robb, Stephen P Jr




this is my business



Contact us






BZ Score:
90







WRITE A REVIEW















Summary

this is my business
request a quote















Home

 
/


Search

 



Updated: Jan 21, 2016





Overview

Robb, Stephen P Jr holds a Hvac A/C Technician (Registered)  license (54679) according to the Texas license board. Their BuildZoom score of 90 indicates that they are licensed or registered but we do not have additional information about them.BuildZoom has not verified this license since its expiration date. If you are thinking of hiring Robb, Stephen P Jr, we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board and using our bidding system to get competitive quotes. 




Where Robb, Stephen P Jr Works


Google





Project Types Offered



HVAC
Sheet Metal Work






Contact


Do you work for this business?
Unlock this free profile
to update company info and see who's viewing your profile.






Similar Contractors
See more









6406 County Road 332, Hawley, TX 79525


HVAC/refrigeration




License # TACLA00020929C


Hawley, TX







90

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


-
Projects














2904 Cr 246, Baird, TX 79504
(713) 234-6639 ext. 37345


Truserve HVAC & Electric




License # 3615


Baird, TX



1

1
rating








95

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


4
Projects














TX

(210) 598-6979 ext. 54171


Sfcc HVAC Inc




License # R16-0513


TX







94

BZ Score


$7.7K
Avg Project 


2
Projects













Robb, Stephen P Jr Reviews



BuildZoom hasn't received any reviews for Robb, Stephen P Jr. Click here to be alerted when reviews are posted about them.



Please write a review about Robb, Stephen P Jr










1
Rate this contractor







Click stars to rate




2
Provide a detailed review of this contractor.






 














Recent Buildzoom Projects


View all








Custom Home Build










Restaurant Buildout










Swimming Pool Project










Kitchen Remodel










Bathroom Remodel








Request a Quote





Explore BuildZoom

If you are considering hiring Robb, Stephen P Jr,
we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board
and using our
bidding system
to get competitive quotes.




Hiring a contractor?






Get bids from BuildZoom's best contractors within 5 mins during regular business hours by filling out this form




I need help with...





Zip Code





Request Quotes From





90


Robb, Stephen P Jr








90


HVAC/refrigeration







95


Truserve HVAC & Electric







94


Sfcc HVAC Inc






Request a Quote







License info














License Not Verified


License #54679StatusActiveStateTexasTypeHVAC A/C Technician (Registered)


When BuildZoom last verified this license, it had an expiration date of July, 2014. Check the current license status of Robb, Stephen P Jr with the Texas Department of Licensing and Regulation












90




BuildZoom Score


How the BuildZoom Score works








Follow this contractor

















Before you Hire

Here are some rules, regulations, and laws governing general contractors
in Texas:













Does Robb, Stephen P Jr carry a valid contracting license?



Only certain types of specialty contractors (e.g. HVAC, electrical) need to be licensed in Texas. There are no licensing requirements when it comes to hiring for a construction or major remodeling project.
Robb, Stephen P Jr currently holds license 54679 (Hvac A/C Technician (Registered)), which was Active when we last checked. 











How important is contractor licensing in Texas?



The Texas Department of Licensing and Regulation (TDLR) regulates HVAC and electrical contractors. You should verify their license status on the TDLR Website before hiring. General contractors and home builders are not licensed so you should do additional research before hiring one.











Your liability risk when hiring Robb, Stephen P Jr



Although it isn't a regulatory requirement, you can ask your general contractor to provide evidence of workers' compensation and general liability insurance prior to hiring them. 











Financial recourse when hiring Robb, Stephen P Jr



The Texas Department of Licensing Regulation does not require general contractors to carry a surety bond nor is there a state recovery fund.











What else should I know before hiring Robb, Stephen P Jr



There is no financial or criminal background check performed on general contractors by the TDLR. The State's Department of Public Safety does maintain a publicly accessible database so you can run your own background check prior to hiring. 











How is the BuildZoom score calculated?



The BuildZoom score is based on a number of factors including the contractor's license status, insurance status, verified work history, standing with local consumer interest groups, verified reviews from other BuildZoom users and self-reported feedback from the contractor.











Why you should hire through BuildZoom



The information on BuildZoom is made available as a public service and should not be considered advertising. We collect client feedback and verify contractors' permitted history with dozens of local building departments in Texas, which saves you time and helps minimize your risk when hiring. 











You should get several bids before hiring a contractor



The Texas Attorney General's office recommends getting several bids before hiring a contractor. Do not automatically accept the lowest bid - an abnormally low bid may indicate the contractor made a mistake and is not including the same work quoted by their competitors. We've made the bid collection process extremely simple (and free). 









About BuildZoom






BuildZoom has one simple purpose: To help you find the perfect contractor
for any job, commercial or residential.


BuildZoom is a database of every licensed contractor in the United States.
We work hard to figure out who the great contractors are, and who the bad
contractors are.

more...





BuildZoom combines license information on 3.5 million contractors with
110 million building permits, and over 80,000
reviews from property owners.If you are looking for a specific
contractor and you can’t find them on BuildZoom, it’s likely that they do
not have a license - please
contact us
and we’ll try to help!



Finding a Contractor through BuildZoom



The best way to use BuildZoom is to let us recommend contractors for
your remodeling projects.


Homeowners who

hire through BuildZoom's free bidding system
 report high rates of satisfaction, and homeowners who research
contractors online are twice as likely to be happy at the end of their
project.


If you hire a contractor through BuildZoom, that contractor is
accountable to us. We can enforce standards of behavior, mediate
disputes, and guarantee satisfaction.



Read more about why hiring through BuildZoom is so effective.
 
less...









Press Coverage





BuildZoom’s database now contains every licensed contractor across the U.S. - over 2.5 million of them... Categorized contractor profiles are enriched using government data from state licensing boards, Better Business Bureau ratings, and more…


BuildZoom jumped into the fray by announcing that it raised $10.6 million in a round led by Formation 8. ...the Y combinator-backed startup said it will be focused on remodeling projects, where the median budget is around $19,000…


A new index compiled by BuildZoom — which identifies contractors for projects — found that renovations are
running 2.8 percent above their 2005 level…




















×
Contact Robb, Stephen P Jr
We will attempt to deliver your message to Robb, Stephen P Jr. We'll notify you when it is delivered.













Your Name

Your Email

Your Phone (optional)

Your Message

I'm interested in speaking with you about a project. Are you available to chat today?

 









‹
›
×




×












 
How the BuildZoom Score Works
Read more about the BuildZoom scoring algorithm here.


A Licensed Contractor Starts with 90 Points.


Their score will increase or decrease based on these variables.
























Positive Client Feedback





Verified License + Insurance





Project History





Community Participation





Profile Page Content


Employee Info
Years in Business
Contact Info
Project Photos









Suspended or Inactive License





Negative Client Feedback





Limited Work History
























Browse remodeling photos
If you are looking for remodeling ideas, you can browse hundreds of beautiful photos of work performed by our general contractors.






Browse building permits
You can use our building permit search to see the contractors who are active in your neighborhood and the projects currently taking place.






Get a cost estimate
Use our remodeling calculator to get a ballpark estimate for your project. If you're ready to hire, use our bidding system to get actual quotes from local contractors.



































































Find a Doctor - Compare Reviews





 











































xcuwaasbzdsx
















Show all results
Hide results 



Show all results
Hide results 






Home

				 > 						Doctors









ADVERTISEMENT




















ADVERTISEMENT













Find a Doctor




Browse by Top Specialties



Allergy / Immunology
Anesthesiology
Cardiology
Colorectal Surgery (formerly Proctology)
Dermatology
Endocrinology
Family Practice
Gastroenterology
General Practice
General Surgery
Geriatric Medicine
Hand Surgery
Infectious Disease
Internal Medicine
Nephrology
Neurology
Neurosurgery
Nuclear Medicine
Obstetrics & Gynecology
Ophthalmology
Orthopedic Surgery
Otolaryngology
Pain Management
Pathology
Pediatric Medicine
Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation
Plastic Surgery
Psychiatry
Pulmonary Disease
Radiology
Rheumatology
Thoracic Surgery
Urology








Browse by Top Cities



Alabama



Birmingham




Alaska






Arizona



Phoenix

Tucson




Arkansas






California



Los Angeles

Sacramento

San Diego

San Francisco




Colorado



Denver




Connecticut






Delaware






Washington DC



Washington




Florida



Jacksonville

Miami

Orlando

Tampa




Georgia



Atlanta




Hawaii






Idaho






Illinois



Chicago




Indiana



Indianapolis




Iowa






Kansas






Kentucky



Louisville




Louisiana






Maine






Maryland



Baltimore




Massachusetts



Boston




Michigan






Minnesota



Minneapolis

Saint Paul




Mississippi






Missouri



Kansas City

Saint Louis




Montana






Nebraska



Omaha




Nevada



Las Vegas




New Hampshire






New Jersey






New Mexico



Albuquerque




New York



Bronx

Brooklyn

Buffalo

New York

Rochester




North Carolina



Charlotte




North Dakota






Ohio



Cincinnati

Cleveland

Columbus

Dayton




Oklahoma



Oklahoma City

Tulsa




Oregon



Portland




Pennsylvania



Philadelphia

Pittsburgh




Rhode Island






South Carolina






South Dakota






Tennessee



Nashville




Texas



Austin

Dallas

Fort Worth

Houston

San Antonio




Utah



Salt Lake City




Vermont






Virginia






Washington



Seattle




West Virginia






Wisconsin



Milwaukee




Wyoming



































ADVERTISEMENT










The UCompareHealthCare website is provided for your informational use only. Nothing contained or offered by, on or through UCompareHealthCare should be construed as medical advice or relied upon for medical diagnosis or treatment. UCompareHealthCare does not recommend or endorse any particular healthcare provider whose information or ratings appear on this website. We encourage you to read our full Terms of Use.







ADVERTISEMENT










 








ADVERTISEMENT



















 







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Natick MA Realtor & Real Estate Agent Reviews  | Zillow









Agents


Home Improvement


Property Managers


Builders


Photographers


Other








Massachusetts



                        Natick
                    








Real Estate Agents in Natick, MA



Agents are ordered using an algorithm that weighs different types of activity in the region, including reviews, sales in the last 12 months, and listings.







Location
 


Name
 




Find Agents in Your Area
Enter your location, or search for a specific agent by name.







            Filter Options
        









            Agent Type
                

Filter to see agents that work individually, or with a supporting team.





Both



Individual



Team






Service Needed


            Buying or selling
        

            Buying a home
        

            Selling a home
        





Advanced












Home Type


            Any
        

            Houses
        

            Apartments
        

            Condo/co-ops
        

            Townhomes
        

            Manufactured
        

            Lots/Land
        





Home Price


Home Price Minimum


            Min
        

            Min: $50K
        

            Min: $75K
        

            Min: $100K
        

            Min: $150K
        

            Min: $200K
        

            Min: $250K
        

            Min: $300K
        

            Min: $400K
        

            Min: $500K
        

            Min: $1M
        

            Min: $5M
        


to

Home Price Maximum


            Max
        

            Max: $100K
        

            Max: $200K
        

            Max: $300K
        

            Max: $400K
        

            Max: $500K
        

            Max: $600K
        

            Max: $700K
        

            Max: $800K
        

            Max: $900K
        

            Max: $1M
        

            Max: $5M
        







Languages


            English
        

            Arabic
        

            Bengali
        

            Cantonese
        

            Farsi
        

            French
        

            German
        

            Greek
        

            Hebrew
        

            Hindi
        

            Hungarian
        

            Italian
        

            Japanese
        

            Korean
        

            Mandarin
        

            Polish
        

            Portuguese
        

            Russian
        

            Spanish
        

            Tagalog (Filipino)
        

            Thai
        

            Turkish
        

            Vietnamese
        





Specialties


            Any
        

            Buyer's Agent
        

            Listing Agent
        

            Relocation
        

            Foreclosure
        

            Short-Sale
        

            Consulting
        

            Other
        








sortBy:



page:



showAdvancedItems:




















Lynne Eliopoulos
(508) 283-4504





Featured



 















Meir Segal
(781) 803-7859





Featured



 















Pinnacle Team
(781) 223-7338





Featured



 








            Reviews in Natick
        



Agents are ordered using an algorithm that weighs different types of activity in the region, including reviews, sales in the last 12 months, and listings.






Sort by: Most active







                    Most active
                



                    Most recent sales
                



                    Best local reviews
                



                    Most listings
                








        Client review
    















Most Sales




Marc LeBlanc
(508) 689-9108





25 total reviews (23 local)









In Natick:






23 Local Reviews
27 Recent Sales
1 Listing


                    TouchStone Realty
                








Review 07/18/2017:

            "He always answered his phone and replied to emails swiftly."
        




























Christine Norcross, MBA
(781) 285-3146





72 total reviews (17 local)
Team of 3 agents









In Natick:






17 Local Reviews
10 Recent Sales
3 Listings


                    William Raveis Real Estate
                








Team Review 06/21/2017:

            "Maura made this emotional time as easy as possible."
        




























Diane B. Sullivan
(508) 717-8788





39 total reviews (12 local)









In Natick:






12 Local Reviews
11 Recent Sales
2 Listings


                    Coldwell Banker
                








Review 02/12/2017:

            "This woman rocks!"
        




























Steve Leavey
(508) 283-7494





1 total review (1 local)









In Natick:






1 Local Review
24 Recent Sales
2 Listings


                    Century 21 Commonwealth
                








Review 11/15/2014:

            "He was knowledgable and helpful."
        




























Barber RE Group
(508) 314-0398





4 total reviews (3 local)
Team









In Natick:






3 Local Reviews
20 Recent Sales
2 Listings


                    William Raveis Real Estate
                








Team Review 05/04/2012:

            "When starting my search to buy a home, I researched every Real Estate Office located ..."
        




























Marcy Blocker
(508) 740-2328





26 total reviews (10 local)









In Natick:






10 Local Reviews
7 Recent Sales
No Listings


                    Coldwell Banker
                








Review 01/25/2017:

            "She was easy to work with and managed our expectations through the entire process!"
        




























Jessica Allain
(617) 431-1809





9 total reviews (6 local)









In Natick:






6 Local Reviews
12 Recent Sales
No Listings


                    Benoit Mizner Simon & Co.
                








Review 07/17/2017:

            "She priced our home perfectly, walked us through choosing the best offer, and her ..."
        




























Jon Treon
(508) 397-6081





20 total reviews (13 local)









In Natick:






13 Local Reviews
1 Recent Sale
No Listings


                    Touchstone Realty
                








Review 06/10/2017:

            "He is a true professional."
        




























Debi Benoit
(617) 607-4990





84 total reviews (8 local)
Team









In Natick:






8 Local Reviews
5 Recent Sales
1 Listing


                    Benoit Mizner Simon & Co. 
                








Team Review 04/09/2017:

            "She helped us sell our house for the right price and get the house of our dreams ..."
        




























Paul Shao
(508) 960-4095





60 total reviews (7 local)
Team









In Natick:






7 Local Reviews
8 Recent Sales
No Listings


                    REMAX Best Choice
                








Team Review 11/19/2016:

            "We highly recommend him if you are looking for a top notch real estate professional ..."
        

















1


2


3

…

25


Next








    Whether you are looking to
    rent,
    buy or sell your home, Zillow's directory of local real estate agents and brokers
        in Natick, MA
    connects you with professionals who can help meet your needs. Because the Natick real estate market is unique, it's important to choose a real estate agent or broker with local expertise to guide you through the process of renting, buying or selling your next home. Our directory helps you find real estate professionals who specialize in buying, selling, foreclosures, or relocation - among many other options. Alternatively, you could work with a local agent or real estate broker who provides an entire suite of buying and selling services.


    No matter what type of real estate needs you have, finding the local real estate professional you want to work with is the first step. The Natick  real estate directory lets you view and compare real estate agents, read reviews, see an agent's current listings and past sales, and contact agents directly from their profile pages on Zillow.


    Zillow is the leading real estate and rental marketplace dedicated to empowering consumers with data, inspiration and knowledge around the place they call home, and connecting them with the best local professionals who can help.



Are you a real estate agent?


See more
See less



    Check out the extensive resources you can find in our Premier Agent® Resource Center, covering everything from business plan templates to complete guides on real estate marketing. Not a Premier Agent yet? Find out how real estate advertising on Zillow and Trulia can help you get more leads.











STEPHEN ROBB - LENA, WI - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



WI



LENA



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            STEPHEN ROBB
                                    



 





















S 


STEPHEN ROBB
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



529 W MAIN ST LENA, WI 54139
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2006
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $64,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts STEPHEN ROBB







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Stephen Robb is located at 529 W Main St in Lena and has been in the business of Business Services At Non-commercial Site since 2006. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.





















Stephen Robb - Real Estate Agent in Natick, MA - Reviews  | Zillow





OverviewMassachusettsNatickStephen Robb    Stephen Robb Agent     All Activity  5/53 Reviews  No Sales Last 12mo    Contact Contact  Report a ProblemProblemSelect oneOffensive contentIrrelevant contentSpam (pure self-promotion)OtherDetailsYour emailPlease enter a valid email address.Submit  CancelContent flaggedWe will review this content. Thanks for helping make the site more useful to everyone. To learn more, read Zillow's Good Neighbor Policy.We're sorry. This service is temporarily unavailable. Please come back later and try again. ContactContact      AboutSpecialties: Buyer's Agent, Listing AgentAdd personality to your profile! Tell the community about yourself, your home, and your profession.Stephen Robb, a 20 year resident of Natick, MA, and a Babson Business School graduate, he has always worked hard to bring service that exceeds his customers expectations. His entrepreneurial spirit, and hard work brought success to his other companies and led him to feed his hunger for knowledge at the top rated Business School for entrepreneurship in the country.

He started Robb Enterprises Real Estate to fill the gap he saw growing in the real estate industry. Bridging the gap between customer service, staying current with technology, hiring the best agents and getting results is something the business prides itself in.

By continually forming strategic relationships with other business owners (inclusive of attorneys, home builders, electricians, roofers, plumbers, interior designers, etc. – please call us if you need any one of them) who share the same relentless goals to deliver a superior product with his same set of ideals, Robb Enterprises has quickly gained recognition amongst their family of clients and partners.

To put Robb Enterprises to work for you or to find out more about how we can help you, please contact us.More Less About Stephen Robb: Stephen Robb, a 20 year resident of Natick, MA, and a Babson Business School graduate, he has always worked hard to bring service that exceeds his customers expectations. His entrepreneurial spirit, and hard work brought success to his other companies and led him to feed his hunger for knowledge at the top rated Business School for entrepreneurship in the country.

He started Robb Enterprises Real Estate to fill the gap he saw growing in the real estate industry. Bridging the gap between customer service, staying current with technology, hiring the best agents and getting results is something the business prides itself in.

By continually forming strategic relationships with other business owners (inclusive of attorneys, home builders, electricians, roofers, plumbers, interior designers, etc. &ndash; please call us if you need any one of them) who share the same relentless goals to deliver a superior product with his same set of ideals, Robb Enterprises has quickly gained recognition amongst their family of clients and partners.

To put Robb Enterprises to work for you or to find out more about how we can help you, please contact us.Active ListingsNo current listings.Past SalesNo sales history on Zillow.   Ratings & Reviews Write a review  Show: All reviews (3) Helped me buy a home or lot/land (3)  Sort by: Newest first Rating (high to low) Rating (low to high)       Highly likely to recommend     07/11/2014 -  Maura Fitzgerald     Written about  Stephen Robb   on 07/11/2014 Bought a Single Family home in 2014 in Milford, MA.   Local knowledge: Process expertise: Responsiveness: Negotiation skills:  My husband & I were looking to move from an apartment into our first home, so we reached out to Steve (who is a family friend). From start to finish, Steve was honest, professional, timely and knowledgeable. He was always available for any questions/concerns we had during the process, and kept us  updated every step of the way. Several times, he was able to schedule showings the same day we reached out to him & took the time to thoroughly review each house with us after we saw it. He was also able to provide us with great recommendations for an attorney & inspector, both of which we used & were very pleased with. Steve truly made our home buying experience a pleasurable & memorable one, and we will surely reach out to him in the future if we ever need to sell or buy property.More Less         Highly likely to recommend     02/26/2014 -  Alicia A     Written about  Stephen Robb   on 02/26/2014 Bought a Single Family home in 2014 in Grafton, MA.   Local knowledge: Process expertise: Responsiveness: Negotiation skills:  Steve was instrumental in helping us find our new home. He worked with us tirelessly, taking into account our needs and budget. Any time we requested a showing, Steve got on it and coordinated it immediately. He is reliable and responded to our emails and phone calls promptly. He was there for us  during every step of the process, which we appreciated as first time home buyers. In addition to being a knowledgeable & resourceful broker, he's a great guy. We recommend him to anyone looking to purchase a home. He's the best.More Less         Highly likely to recommend     02/19/2014 -  Theowner     Written about  Stephen Robb   on 02/19/2014 Bought a home in 2014 in Shrewsbury, MA.   Local knowledge: Process expertise: Responsiveness: Negotiation skills:  I bought my first house in December of 2010 with the help of Steve Robb and Robb Enterprises. Steve took me through the entire process step by step. From showing houses and open houses to the inspection and closing process once I found the right house that fit my needs, desires and budget. Steve  was friendly and always available to answer my questions and address my concerns. Steve did a great job and I can highly recommend him. He is terrific!More Less      Service AreasNatick, MAWellesley, MA Print page  Contact Stephen RobbContact Submitting contact...Professional Information05/20/2013Stephen RobbRobb EnterprisesAddress:Robb Enterprises23 Virginia RdNatick, MA  01760Phone:(508) 258-9589Screen name:user0621278Member since:05/20/2013Licenses:9082257 (Real Estate Sales)







Stephen M. Robb | The Clorox Company






 































 



Skip to main navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer





Suppliers
Media
Contact
 






















The Clorox Company








































Stephen M. Robb
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Stephen M. “Steve” Robb was named executive vice president – chief financial officer in 2014 after three years as senior vice president – chief financial officer. In this role, he is the senior executive responsible for Clorox’s financial activities, including accounting, reporting, internal Controls, treasury, tax and investor relations.
Prior to being named CFO, Robb served as vice president – Global Finance, with responsibility for the company’s day-to-day finance operations, including tax, treasury, accounting, and financial planning and analysis. Other positions with Clorox have included vice president – Financial Planning and Analysis and vice president – Finance and Accounting, Household Segment. Robb joined Clorox in 1989 and has held assignments in several business units as well as a variety of corporate staff positions.
Since 2004, Robb has overseen The Clorox Company’s cost savings efforts, a key strategic commitment for the company under its 2020 Strategy. Under his stewardship, cost savings efforts have produced an average of $100 million in savings annually.
A native of Sunnyvale, Calif., Robb holds a bachelor’s degree in finance with a minor in economics from San Jose State University.









Video: 







×















