

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 













 





Robert R Lewis - Sumner, WA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Robert R Lewis in Sumner, WA


Robert R Lewis

                                                                           Intelius found that Robert R Lewis  is  a male between 70 and 80 years old from Sumner, WA.  We have connected them to
                2 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 0 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Bob  Lewis


Get Report Now

Age

Robert R Lewis is in his 70s

Robert Has Lived In

Sumner, WA







Robert R Lewis



Zodiac SignCapricorn



GenderMale



Professional Status
Infinity Coach Company



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Robert? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Robert, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Robert R Lewis
Get a Criminal Check on Robert R Lewis
Get a Public Record Report on Robert R Lewis
Get a People Search Report on Robert R Lewis


Robert R Lewis's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Robert R Lewis has lived as well as Robert R Lewis's phone numbers and email addresses.




Robert R Lewis Has Lived in 1 States
Washington Address for Robert R Lewis


1710 F**** A** 

Sumner, WA


Has Lived In

Sumner, WA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Robert R Lewis

(253) ***-**** - Sumner, WA 
(253) ***-**** - Sumner, WA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Robert R Lewis

b*b@***.com


Get Email Report




Robert R Lewis's Professional Information
Information regarding Robert R Lewis's professional history.  Find out previous places Robert R Lewis has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Robert R Lewis Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Infinity Coach Company
               
Robert R Lewis's Experience
Title: 
               Company: Infinity Coach Company
Job Details
               Infinity Coach is devoted to the remodel, restoration and creation of quality, affordable custom shells and conversions. Whether it's a complete package or just a few minor updates, our experienced engineering team can help you achieve the coach of your dreams. Infinity Coach is commited to providing personalized custom service. We build more that coaches - we build business relationships, we build trust and we build our reputation . . .
Additional Professional Information on Robert R Lewis

 See Robert R Lewis's LinkedIn Profile



Robert R Lewis's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Robert R Lewis


Robert R Lewis's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Robert R Lewis's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Robert Lewis
Username Matches

                  RobertLewis
                  LewisRobert
                  Robert.Lewis
                  Lewis.Robert
                  Robert_Lewis
                  Lewis_Robert
                  Robert-Lewis
                  Lewis-Robert
                  RLewis
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
R Lewis







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.















Robert Hills  Obituary  - Beardsley, Minnesota - Tributes.com















































- ADVERTISEMENT -















		Play Music
	


		Pause Music
	



A
A
A










Tweet





Help





 | 

Login

 | 

Sign Up











 Obituary Search Advanced Search


State
AL
AK
AR
AZ
CA
CO
CT
DC
DE
FL
GA
HI
IA
ID
IL
IN
KS
KY
LA
MA
MD
ME
MI
MN
MO
MS
MT
NC
ND
NE
NH
NJ
NM
NV
NY
OH
OK
OR
PA
PR
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VT
VA
WA
WI
WV
WY

















Obituary   Search

Advanced Search
Browse by Location
Browse Most Recent
Browse by Date
Find a Funeral Home




Celebrity Deaths

Celebrity Death News
Celebrity Deaths by Category
This Week in History
Year in Review





Sympathy Flowersby your Local Florist



CreateObituary


Grief RecoveryCenter



					Start a Family Tree
	                





Find aFuneral Home











Celebrity Obituaries

Review this week's trending celebrity news stories









Robert Lewis Hills Obituary
			











Remember
		


Robert Lewis Hills



                	May 26, 1929 - June  3, 2009
                	
                	
                		




                    Beardsley, Minnesota
                    



Set a Reminder for the Anniversaryof Robert's Passing




Forward to Family & Friends




Share a Memory




Print



Contact Support


Upgrade


Death Certificates












Obituary










Share This Obituary

















Make a Memorial Donation

		Tributes.com partners with over 100 national charities. It's easy and secure.
	
Donate











			Obituary
        


Send Condolences


Upgrade


Memory Book











							SignMemory Book
							




							Record An Audio Memory
							




						Light A Candle
						














Sympathy Flowers







Robert was born on May 26, 1929 and passed away on Wednesday, June 3, 2009.
Robert was a resident of Beardsley, Minnesota.



			Do you know something about Robert's life? 
			You can enhance Robert Lewis Hills' memory by
			
				upgrading Robert's public record with words and pictures,
				signing Robert's memory book,
				recording an audio memory
				or lighting a candle.
			
			The information in this obituary is based on data from the US Government's Social Security Death Index. No further information is available.
			More details on this data source are provided in our Frequently Asked Questions section.










Send Condolences

Previous





Send Flowerss





Send Food





Plant a Tree in the Holy Land





Send a Personalized Card





Plant a Tree in the U.S.



Make a Donation




Send a Soup Gift Basket





Create An Oral History





Support Library





Plant Trees in Israel





Memorial Cards & Bookmarks




Next







SEARCH OTHER SOURCES

















Create An Online Memorial For Robert Lewis Hills
The beautiful and interactive Eternal Tribute tells Robert's life story the way it deserves to be told in words, pictures and video.
Create an online memorial to tell that story for generations to come, creating a permanent place for family and friends to honor the memory of your loved one.
Select An Online Memorial Product:


Photo Obituary
						



Eternal Tribute
					



Military Tribute
					





View Example


View Example


View Example




View Example




$10.00
			
				
		Photo Obituary
		
Share that special photograph of your loved one with everyone. Document family connections, service information, special times and priceless moments for all to remember and cherish forever with support for unlimited copy.

Processing...

Upgrade





View Example




$50.00
			
		
		Eternal Tribute
	

Online multimedia memorial with unlimited pictures, videos, music and more
Elegant, immersive format honors your loved one
Customizable themes, backgrounds and music give it that personal touch
Interactive Guest Book lets everyone share their memories and provide support


Processing...

Upgrade





			Tributes.com online obituaries now support Integrated Fundraisers powered by:
			
			If you create a GiveForward Fundraiser with your online obituary, it will be provided at no charge (a $50 value, discounted at checkout).
		








View Example




$50.00
			
		
		Military Tribute
		
	

Enjoy all the features of the Eternal Tribute
Preserve the memory and sacrifices of a loved one’s national service
Choose from five elegant military branch themes
Highlight military service details
Unlimited photos and military record information


Processing...

Upgrade













				Leave A Memory
			






							SignMemory Book
							




							Record An Audio Memory
							




						Light A Candle
						












Send Condolences




Send Flowerss





Send Food





Plant a Tree in the Holy Land





Send a Personalized Card





Plant a Tree in the U.S.



Make a Donation




Send a Soup Gift Basket





Create An Oral History





Support Library





Plant Trees in Israel





Memorial Cards & Bookmarks


















- ADVERTISEMENT -

















At Tributes.com we believe that Every Life has a Story  that deserves to be told and preserved.
Tributes.com is the online source for current local and national obituary news and a supportive community where friends and family can come together during times of loss and grieving to honor the memories of their loved ones with lasting personal tributes.
© 2017 Tributes, Inc. All rights reserved.

Terms of Use |
Privacy Policy |
Site Map




About

About Us
Media Center
Advertise with Us
Join our Media Network
Visit Legacy.com




Partners

Funeral Home Partners
Television & Radio Partners
Business Partners



Customer Service

FAQ
Contact Us
Latest Obituaries
Pet Tributes



Funeral Homes

Find a Funeral Home
Become a Partner
Partner Information
Funeral Home Central





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Robert Shipp Obituary - Los Angeles, CA | Los Angeles Times






 


















































































Obituaries


















 POWERED BYSearch










Resources


More Obituaries for Robert Shipp


Looking for an obituary for a different person with this name?












Robert Lewis Shipp


Obituary
Condolences


































  October 31, 1921 - September 13, 2013 Robert Lewis Shipp was born October 31, 1921, at Clara Barton Hospital in downtown Los Angeles. He passed away on Friday, September 13th at St. John's Hospital in Santa Monica with his wife and son at his bedside, just six weeks before his 92nd birthday. He attended Black Fox Academy and Beverly Hills High School. After graduating from USC in 1942, he entered the U.S. Navy as a lieutenant and served as a quartermaster in American Samoa during the World War II. Returning home in 1946, he became the president, then Chairman of Sweetener Products Company, located in Vernon, California. Besides working, he enjoyed golf (though he would tell everyone he was just lousy at it). Along with golf, he loved going to the track, handicapping the horses, placing his bets, and watching the races. Though not always a winner, he was always having fun. Eventually he learned to get the racing form and place his bets online and then sit back and watch the races on the computer screen. Cruising was another passion he had. Robert and Nan cruised yearly. He especially loved the days at sea when the craps tables were open. Nan could always find him there. He was a member of the Los Angeles Country Club for over 50 years and Thunderbird Country Club in Rancho Mirage. Thunderbird was his home away from home where Robert and Nan would go to dinner frequently, visit with friends, and attend the parties. At Thunderbird, he would drive the golf cart to the fitness center every morning and work out. He, in fact, pedaled the stationary bicycle, worked the upper body machines and then was back on the bike for another 7 minutes up until just two days before an accident Tuesday, September10th. He is predeceased by his wife of 40 years, Verlene Shipp, and sons Craig and Dean. Surviving family include his wife, Nan Aune, son Bob Jr. (Janet), and daughter-in-law Wanda Shipp. He leaves his six grandchildren--Stephanie Viezbicke (Justin), Crystal Tighe (David), Alison Joyce (Nate) and Bret, Everett and Austin Shipp and two great-granddaughters--Tatum and Kendall. All will miss him dearly. The family requests that, in lieu of flowers, contributions be made to The Desert Communities Foundation, Attention: Marion, P.O. Box 5005, Rancho Mirage, California 92270 or to The Smile Train, an organization that repairs cleft palates on children around the world. Funeral services will be held the morning of Friday, September 27, at Forest Lawn Cemetery in Glendale.
					


Published in the Los Angeles Times from Sept. 25 to Sept. 26, 2013


Read More











Remember
Share memories or express condolences below.







6 Entries  |  1 Photo



The Guest Book is Expired
Please restore the Guest Book to share in the life story for ROBERT LEWIS SHIPP




"Grandpa you were such a kind Grandfather. A role model for many and will always be in my heart. I love..."- 

Restore the guest book





















Resources



Send Funeral Flowers


Donate to Charity




Find Advice & Support


Funeral Etiquette


How to Write a Sympathy Note







< Back to today's Obituaries

























































Notify Friends and Family

Add the email addresses of friends or family members you'd like to notify about this obituary.

To: *Invalid To Email




From: *Invalid From Email



Message:






Optional

Please provide me with special offers and discounts from Legacy.com and selected partners.
Emails will be sent directly from Legacy.com. We respect your privacy and will not sell your information to a third party. You may opt out at any time. See privacy policy for details.





Your email was sent successfully.

Return to the obituary
Send another email



Share






























There was an error sending your email. Please try again.
We apologize for the inconvenience.




































ROBERT LEWIS HILLS $100,000,000,000 Financing | Newest SEC Filings

















Newest Filings











ROBERT LEWIS HILLS $100,000,000,000 Financing
ROBERT LEWIS HILLS just submitted form D announcing $100,000,000,000 financing.  This is a new filing. ROBERT LEWIS HILLS was able to sell $0. That is 0% of the round of financing. The total private offering amount was $100,000,000,000. The financing was made by 0 investors. Minimal accepted investment was $3,000,000,000. The financing document was filed on 2016-11-07. ROBERT LEWIS HILLS is based in  2526 OAKHILL AVE  YOUNGSTOWN 44507. The firm's business is Other Banking and Financial Services. The firm's revenue range is Not Applicable. The form was signed by  Robert Hills jr.





SEC FORM D


The Securities and Exchange Commission has not necessarily reviewed the information in this filing and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.The reader should not assume that the information is accurate and complete.



UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549FORM DNotice of Exempt Offering of Securities


OMB APPROVAL


OMB Number:
3235-0076

Estimated average burden

hours per response:
4.00






1. Issuer's Identity


CIK (Filer ID Number)
Previous Names

X
None

Entity Type


0001685533




  
Corporation


  
Limited Partnership


  
Limited Liability Company


  
General Partnership


  
Business Trust


X
Other (Specify)


United state citizen for the benefit of united state of America( private trust)

Name of Issuer
ROBERT LEWIS HILLS
Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization
OHIO
Year of Incorporation/Organization


X
Over Five Years Ago


  
Within Last Five Years (Specify Year)



  
Yet to Be Formed



2. Principal Place of Business and Contact Information

Name of Issuer
ROBERT LEWIS HILLS

Street Address 1
Street Address 2

2526 OAKHILL AVE

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode
Phone Number of Issuer


YOUNGSTOWN
OHIO
44507
3302614428


3. Related Persons


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Hills jr
Robert
Lewis


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

2526 Oakhill

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


youngstown
OHIO
44507



Relationship:
  
Executive Officer
  
Director
X
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Individual Surety, secure party, creditor, authorized representative, master account holder
4. Industry Group



  
Agriculture



Banking & Financial Services





  
Commercial Banking


  
Insurance


  
Investing


  
Investment Banking


  
Pooled Investment Fund







Is the issuer registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940? 




  
Yes
  
No



X
Other Banking & Financial Services




  
Business Services



Energy




  
Coal Mining





  
Electric Utilities





  
Energy Conservation





  
Environmental Services





  
Oil & Gas





  
Other Energy






Health Care




  
Biotechnology





  
Health Insurance





  
Hospitals & Physicians





  
Pharmaceuticals





  
Other Health Care



  
Manufacturing



Real Estate




  
Commercial





  
Construction





  
REITS & Finance





  
Residential





  
Other Real Estate





  
Retailing


  
Restaurants



Technology




  
Computers





  
Telecommunications





  
Other Technology




Travel




  
Airlines & Airports





  
Lodging & Conventions





  
Tourism & Travel Services





  
Other Travel



  
Other



5. Issuer Size










Revenue Range
OR
Aggregate Net Asset Value Range


  
No Revenues
  
No Aggregate Net Asset Value


  
$1 - $1,000,000
  
$1 - $5,000,000


  
$1,000,001 - $5,000,000
  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000


  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000
  
$25,000,001 - $50,000,000


  
$25,000,001 - $100,000,000
  
$50,000,001 - $100,000,000


  
Over $100,000,000
  
Over $100,000,000


  
Decline to Disclose
  
Decline to Disclose


X
Not Applicable
  
Not Applicable



6. Federal Exemption(s) and Exclusion(s) Claimed (select all that apply)



  
Rule 504(b)(1) (not (i), (ii) or (iii))


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(i)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(ii)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(iii)


  
Rule 505


  
Rule 506(b)


  
Rule 506(c)


X
Securities Act Section 4(a)(5)




  
Investment Company Act Section 3(c)


  
Section 3(c)(1)
  
Section 3(c)(9)  


  
Section 3(c)(2)
  
Section 3(c)(10)


  
Section 3(c)(3)
  
Section 3(c)(11)


  
Section 3(c)(4)
  
Section 3(c)(12)


  
Section 3(c)(5)
  
Section 3(c)(13)


  
Section 3(c)(6)
  
Section 3(c)(14)


  
Section 3(c)(7)



7. Type of Filing


X
New Notice

Date of First Sale

X
First Sale Yet to Occur


  
Amendment


8. Duration of Offering

Does the Issuer intend this offering to last more than one year?


X
Yes
  
No


9. Type(s) of Securities Offered (select all that apply)









  
Equity
  
Pooled Investment Fund Interests


  
Debt
  
Tenant-in-Common Securities


  
Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Another Security
  
Mineral Property Securities


  
Security to be Acquired Upon Exercise of Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Security
X
Other (describe)



individual surety bonds



10. Business Combination Transaction

Is this offering being made in connection with a business combination transaction, such as a merger, acquisition or exchange offer?


X
Yes
  
No


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
see supplement filing; offering circular and private placement memorandum11. Minimum Investment

Minimum investment accepted from any outside investor

$3,000,000,000

USD

12. Sales Compensation


Recipient

Recipient CRD Number
X
None



Robert-Lewis;Hills-jr
None



(Associated) Broker or Dealer
X
None


(Associated) Broker or Dealer CRD Number
X
None



Depository Trust company
None


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

570 Washington Blvd

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/Postal Code


Jersey City
NEW JERSEY
07310



State(s) of Solicitation (select all that apply)Check “All States” or check individual States
X
All States


  
Foreign/non-US





13. Offering and Sales Amounts


Total Offering Amount

$100,000,000,000

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Total Amount Sold

$0

USD


Total Remaining to be Sold

$100,000,000,000

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
see supplement filing; offering and private placement memorandum14. Investors


  
Select if securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, and enter the number of such non-accredited investors who already have invested in the offering.




Regardless of whether securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, enter the total number of investors who already have invested in the offering:
0


15. Sales Commissions & Finder's Fees Expenses
Provide separately the amounts of sales commissions and finders fees expenses, if any. If the amount of an expenditure is not known, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.


Sales Commissions

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Finders' Fees

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
non applicable16. Use of Proceeds
Provide the amount of the gross proceeds of the offering that has been or is proposed to be used for payments to any of the persons required to be named as executive officers, directors or promoters in response to Item 3 above. If the amount is unknown, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.



$0

USD

  
Estimate


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
see supplemental filing; offering and private placement memorandumSignature and Submission
Please verify the information you have entered and review the Terms of Submission below before signing and clicking SUBMIT below to file this notice.
Terms of Submission

In submitting this notice, each issuer named above is:

Notifying the SEC and/or each State in which this notice is filed of the offering of 
                    securities described and undertaking to furnish them, upon written request, in the accordance with applicable
                    law, the information furnished to offerees.*
Irrevocably appointing each of the Secretary of the SEC and, the Securities Administrator 
                    or other legally designated officer of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal 
                    place of business and any State in which this notice is filed, as its agents for service of 
                    process, and agreeing that these persons may accept service on its behalf, of any notice, 
                    process or pleading, and further agreeing that such service may be made by registered or 
                    certified mail, in any Federal or state action, administrative proceeding, or arbitration 
                    brought against it in any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, if the 
                    action, proceeding or arbitration (a) arises out of any activity in connection with the 
                    offering of securities that is the subject of this notice, and (b) is founded, directly or 
                    indirectly, upon the provisions of:  (i) the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange 
                    Act of 1934, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the 
                    Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or any rule or regulation under any of these statutes, or (ii) 
                    the laws of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal place of business or any State 
                    in which this notice is filed.
Certifying that, if the issuer is claiming a Regulation D exemption for the offering, the issuer is not disqualified from relying on Regulation D for one of the reasons stated in Rule 505(b)(2)(iii) or Rule 506(d).


Each Issuer identified above has read this notice, knows the contents to be true, and has duly caused this notice to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized person.
For signature, type in the signer's name or other letters or characters adopted or authorized as the signer's signature.


Issuer
Signature
Name of Signer
Title
Date


ROBERT LEWIS HILLS
Robert Lewis Hills jr
Robert-Lewis;Hills-jr
surety/lifetime
2016-11-04


Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB number.
* This undertaking does not affect any limits Section 102(a) of the National Securities Markets
        Improvement Act of 1996 ("NSMIA") [Pub. L. No. 104-290, 110 Stat. 3416 (Oct. 11, 1996)] imposes on the ability of States to
        require information. As a result, if the securities that are the subject of this Form D are "covered securities" for purposes 
        of NSMIA, whether in all instances or due to the nature of the offering that is the subject of this Form D, States cannot
        routinely require offering materials under this undertaking or otherwise and can require offering materials only to the
        extent NSMIA permits them to do so under NSMIA's preservation of their anti-fraud authority.




ROBERT LEWIS HILLS Financing

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-11-07New Form D$100,000,000,000Yet To Sell$100,000,000,000$3,000,000,00004a5[view]see supplement filing; offering and private placement memorandum
ROBERT LEWIS HILLS List of ExecutivesRobert Hills jr











Last visited: SAB OVERSEAS FUND LTD, Numeric Small Cap Core Onshore Fund I LP, PM Manager Fund, SPC - Segregated Portfolio 14, SIM HEDGED STRATEGIES TRUST, PM Manager Fund, SPC - Segregated Portfolio 25

								© 
							

























Get remodeling quotes from the best general contractors in your area















































































































Find a contractor you can trust on BuildZoom


























































Contractor search












Search


 









BuildZoom

 
/


Find a Pro







Browse contractors by state



Alabama


Alaska


Arizona


Arkansas


California


Colorado


Connecticut


Delaware


District of Columbia


Florida


Georgia


Hawaii


Idaho



Illinois


Indiana


Iowa


Kansas


Kentucky


Louisiana


Maine


Maryland


Massachusetts


Michigan


Minnesota


Mississippi


Missouri



Montana


Nebraska


Nevada


New Hampshire


New Jersey


New Mexico


New York


North Carolina


North Dakota


Ohio


Oklahoma


Oregon


Pennsylvania



Rhode Island


South Carolina


South Dakota


Tennessee


Texas


Utah


Vermont


Virginia


Washington


West Virginia


Wisconsin


Wyoming




Top contractors in major cities



Albuquerque, NM


Arlington, TX


Atlanta, GA


Austin, TX


Bakersfield, CA


Baltimore, MD


Boston, MA


Charlotte, NC


Chicago, IL


Cleveland, OH


Colorado Springs, CO


Columbus, OH


Dallas, TX



Denver, CO


Detroit, MI


El Paso, TX


Fort Worth, TX


Fresno, CA


Houston, TX


Indianapolis, IN


Jacksonville, FL


Kansas City, MO


Las Vegas, NV


Long Beach, CA


Los Angeles, CA


Louisville, KY



Memphis, TN


Mesa, AZ


Miami, FL


Milwaukee, WI


Minneapolis, MN


Nashville, TN


New Orleans, LA


New York, NY


Oakland, CA


Oklahoma City, OK


Omaha, NE


Philadelphia, PA


Phoenix, AZ



Portland, OR


Raleigh, NC


Sacramento, CA


San Antonio, TX


San Diego, CA


San Francisco, CA


San Jose, CA


Seattle, WA


Tucson, AZ


Tulsa, OK


Virginia Beach, VA


Washington, DC


Wichita, KS


























































Building permits in the United States




























































Building Permits
in The United States







Search for an address or city












Sorry, we couldn't find the "{{propertySearch.bad_query}}" you're looking for.
Please make sure your search is spelled correctly, and try adding a city, state or zipcode.



























Reset filters








Auto Search


Refresh Map





Select a metro area to filter projects.







Only showing 75 properties. Zoom in or use filters to narrow your search.







Loading...
No properties match your search.

Nearby properties
in 
with permit activity

























































Robert Lewis Hotze Online Obituary | Loess Hills Funeral Home























































































































 CALL ANYTIME 1-888-846-8841 
 









Obituary








Please enable javascript!






                            Robert Lewis Hotze                            


                                September 23, 1927 - February 10, 2015                            

















                                                    Robert Lewis Hotze                                                    

Sep 23, 1927 - Feb 10, 2015 















                                                                Get Updates                                                            


Send
                                                                    Flowers
                                                                



 Login to Family Portal



Confirmation
Grief
Tribute
                                            Notifications







Iframe toggler



                                                                        Send Sympathy Gifts                                                                    

Buy Now







                                                                    Free Grief Support                                                                

Sign Up







                                                                    Plan Your Future                                                                

Start Now







                                                                    Free Newsletter                                                                

Join Now


























Show your support
Send Flowers







Comfort the family
Share a Memory













ObituaryObit

Tributes


Photos &
                                                Videos
Media

Services

Flowers
                                                                                                            0 









                                                Obituary
                                            

Tributes

Services


More 


Photos &
                                                Videos
Media

Flowers
                                                                                                                            0














                                            Robert Hotze, 87, of Macedonia, passed away on February 10, 2015 at the Oakland Manor in Oakland, IA.  Funeral services will be at 10:30 a.m. on Saturday, February 14, 2015 at the Loess Hills Funeral Home in Carson with Reverend Michael Harvey officiating.   Visitation will be from 5:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m. on Friday, February 13, 2015 at the funeral home.   

Memorials: Carson Presbyterian Church or Macedonia Volunteer Fire Dept. 

Robert Lewis Hotze, the youngest of three children of Vivian Linda (Graham) and William K. Hotze, was born on September 23, 1927 on his parents' farm near Carson, Iowa.   He grew up near Carson and attended Carson schools, graduating in 1945.  Following school, Robert worked as a hired man until joining the United States Army on November 6, 1950 and was stationed overseas in Korea.   While in Korea, Robert wrote letters to Gladys Johnson of Red Oak, Iowa.  When  he was discharged on November 7, 1952, she met him upon his return.

Robert and Gladys Eleanor Johnson were married on March 29, 1954 at the Mission Covenant Church in Red Oak.  The couple made their home and began farming on a farm Robert's parents had purchased while he was in the service.  Their marriage was blessed with two children, Keith Robert and Karen Marie. 

Robert was an active member of the Carson Presbyterian Church, holding many of the church offices.  He was a member of the Ruby Smith Post 648 of the American Legion in Macedonia, a member of the Farm Bureau, and served as vice president of the Farm Business Association.

Robert enjoyed traveling with Gladys and walking into town, often seen in his bright orange vest.  He enjoyed gardening, especially sharing his produce with the local community.

Robert was preceded in death by his parents; his sister, Eloise Virginia Hotze; and brother-in-law, Richard "Dick" Beyrer.

Robert is survived by his wife of 60 years, Gladys Hotze of Macedonia; son, Keith and Deb Hotze of Macedonia; daughter, Karen Hotze of Carson; three grandsons, John Hotze (Amy Parker and her two daughters, Taylor and Kaitlyn) of Malvern, Steve and Jenna Hotze of Council Bluffs, Craig Hotze (Emily Page) of Carson; great grandson, Michael John Hotze; sister, Loretta Beyrer of Pearland, TX; other relatives; and a host of special friends.                                        





                                            Posting as Who are you posting
                                                as?










 


 













                                                    Post Tribute
                                                











Post Privately?










Healing Registry
                                                                on
                                                                Feb 13, 2015                                                            

 
Someone has supported the family by purchasing them flowers or gifts from the Healing Registry.Buy Gift Now 





Emily
                                                                on
                                                                Feb 17, 2015                                                            

 
                                                                    I am very sorry for your loss. We can look forward to the time when "no resident will say: 'I am sick.'" (Isaiah 33:24) And God will actually put an end to death when he will "swallow up death forever." (Isaiah 25:8)                                                                    





Darrell and Marsha
                                                                on
                                                                Feb 17, 2015                                                            

 
I hope I will never forget his smile and laugh. He had a great out look on life which always lifted my spirit.                                                                    





Jack & Ruth 
                                                                on
                                                                Feb 14, 2015                                                            

 
Thoughts and prayers to the family. Will miss our neighbor.                                                                    





Toni Casson
                                                                on
                                                                Feb 14, 2015                                                            

 
                                                                    So sorry for your loss.  Thoughts and prayers are with you all                                                                    





Cherri Phillips
                                                                on
                                                                Feb 13, 2015                                                            

 
                                                                    Karen, Keith & Deb, & all of the family - So sorry to hear of your loss.  It's so-o-o-o hard to lose a parent, so just let the memories and the love and the laughter carry you through the difficult times, 'cause they will.  Trust me.  I don't ever remember seeing your Dad without a smile or a laugh.  He seemed to enjoy everything!!!  Thoughts & Prayers are with you all.                                                                    





LaVerne and Pam Obrecht
                                                                on
                                                                Feb 12, 2015                                                            

 
                                                                    To Bob's family:  We are so sorry for your loss.  We remember the good times we had when we went to Europe. Bob was always seeking more information.                                                                    





john waldren
                                                                on
                                                                Feb 12, 2015                                                            

 
                                                                    sorry for your loss. i remember a long time ago. he would come visit our family in maysville,ky. always pleasant person to talk he will be sadly missed.                                                                    





Susie Day
                                                                on
                                                                Feb 12, 2015                                                            

 
                                                                    So sorry to hear of Roberts passing. We certainly have missed him walking down our road..always so pleasant to talk to.                                                                    





Kennt Almquist 
                                                                on
                                                                Feb 12, 2015                                                            

 
                                                                    Gladys. Sorry for your loss. I remember the days in Red Oak. It has been a, long time ago. Thinking of you and yours, Kenny and Peggy Almquisy Mesa AZ                                                                    





Margine Henry
                                                                on
                                                                Feb 12, 2015                                                            

 
                                                                    Sorry to hear of your loss.  It is so hard to lose our parents. Dad will be watching over you from above now.                                                                    





Sandi Rieber
                                                                on
                                                                Feb 12, 2015                                                            

 
                                                                    Keith, Deb, Karen and families, So sorry to hear about your dad. I served on the church board with him and always loved his common sense values. What a wonderful man he was and now heaven is blessed to add another saint to their role. He will be missed by those of us still here.                                                                     





Lowell and Deb Forristall
                                                                on
                                                                Feb 12, 2015                                                            

 
                                                                    Robert was such a gentle, kind man. His laughter and love of life will be missed!                                                                    





Brenda Sherman
                                                                on
                                                                Feb 12, 2015                                                            

 
                                                                    Gladys, Keith and Karen - Your dad always greeted me with a smile and knew me right away... such a kind soul.  HIs enthusiasm for life will be missed                                                                    





Mary Clayton Denny
                                                                on
                                                                Feb 11, 2015                                                            

 
                                                                    So sorry for your loss.                                                                    





Aleen Busse
                                                                on
                                                                Feb 11, 2015                                                            

 
                                                                    He had a wonderful laugh






Eileen Adickes
                                                                on
                                                                Feb 11, 2015                                                            

 
                                                                    Robert's walks, in the middle of the night, were legendary. No one was more concerned with fitness than he was. I often feared for his safety, but the Lord always looked out for him.                                                                    



 



Videos


There are no videos to display


Photos

                                            Add a photo
                                        














Visitation





                                            Feb                                        



                                            13                                        


                                                Friday                                            







                                        Loess Hills Funeral Home - Carson                                              

                                            420 S. OakCarson, Iowa 51525                                            


                                        5:00 PM - 7:00 PM                                    

Directions 
                                                                        Add to
                                        Calendar




Send Flowers
Send Flowers to Visitation


















Service





                                            Feb                                        



                                            14                                        


                                                Saturday                                            







                                        Loess Hills Funeral Home - Carson                                              

                                            420 S. OakCarson, Iowa 51525                                            


                                        10:30 AM                                    

Directions 
                                                                        Add to
                                        Calendar




Send Flowers
Send Flowers to Service
























 





Have a floral question? Call +1 888 455 4590 







0 Item(s) - $0.00








Categories

















Home





Product Listing





Product Details





Cart



                                                            Sort By:
                                                        


Default
Name (A - Z)
Name (Z - A)
Price (Low > High)
                                                                
Price (High > Low)
                                                                












Healing Registry Unavailable at the Moment!



                                                    Displaying page 1 of 1, products 1
                                                    to  of 1









Loading...







Product Name

                                                            Description
                                                        

                                                            $0




-

+





Add to Cart














Your Shopping Cart is Empty



Select a
                                                        recipient






Jane Doe
×




What's your email address?





What Would You Like Written on the
                                                            Card?





Choose a Delivery Date








*
                                                                Note: Delivery is only available
                                                                    on highlighted dates for flowers ONLY. Sunday
                                                                    delivery will not be
                                                                    available on all flower purchases.
                                                                




Where Would You Like To Deliver
                                                            To

 
                                                            Visitation/Service

 
                                                            Other























Select a StateAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 













 Proceed to Checkout
                                                    
Keep Shopping
                                                    


















No obituaries found



No thanks. Go back to cart.




Product Details





Loading...







Product Name

                                        Description
                                    
$0



Add to Cart


                                        View Cart 0











Iframe toggler




                                                                    Send Sympathy Gifts                                                                

Buy Now







                                                                Free Grief Support                                                            

Sign Up







                                                                Plan Your Future                                                            

Start Now







                                                                Free Newsletter                                                            

Join Now
















Check-in to
                        Robert's service!
                    

Add
                            Robert's service to
                            calendar













Sign in to add your memory








Let the family know who you are using one of the
                                        quick sign-in options below.












Sign in
                                        
Just for verification: we never spam!



                                    OR
                                



We will never post without permission




 
                                Yes, I'd like to receive a
                                    free monthly email with grief tips, inspirational stories and
                                    exclusive articles












Share Photo/Memorial Tributes








The attached photos are added to the memorial of
                                        Robert Lewis Hotze to help share their legacy.




















Subscribe to our free newsletter
                                                    (unsubscribe at anytime)



                                                Attach Photos
                                            






No thanks. Go back to obituary.




















Add to Your Calendar








Just enter your email below and we'll send you a
                                        calendar reminder
                                    















Subscribe to our free newsletter
                                                    (unsubscribe at anytime)



                                                Send me the reminder
                                            






No thanks. Go back to obituary.












Obit Checkin








Please help memorize
                                        Robert Lewis Hotze by recording your attendance below. 





















Subscribe to Newsletter
                                                



                                                Check-in
                                            






No thanks. Go back to obituary.












Obituary Notifications








We will notify
                                        you soon. 















Subscribe to Newsletter
                                            


Get Notified
                                            






No thanks. Go back to obituary.












                                        Grief Support
                                    















Subscribe to Newsletter
                                                



                                                Subscribe
                                            






No thanks. Go back to obituary.












Get Updates - tribute notifications









                                        You will receive an e-mail daily when a guest leaves a tribute on this obituary.
                                    















                                                    Subscribe to Newsletter
                                                



                                                Subscribe
                                            






No thanks. Go back to obituary.







Thank you for sharing your memory
                                of Robert


Help show your support by providing a gift of flowers and
                                spreading the word.




Gift of Flowers
Offer comfort and support to the
                                                family with beautiful flowers and spreads

Browse
                                                Flowers




Spread the Word
Help friends and acquaintances of
                                            Robert                                            leave memories by sharing to Facebook


Share on Facebook





No thanks. Go back to obituary.










Proud Member:






















“Not one complaint. That’s pretty outstanding. Scott went out of his way to do all he could for us – and we will be forever grateful.”

The family of Lawrence Greiner

Leave Your Review Now


































Robert Lewis Hotze Online Obituary | Loess Hills Funeral Home























































































































 CALL ANYTIME 1-888-846-8841 
 









Obituary








Please enable javascript!






                            Robert Lewis Hotze                            


                                September 23, 1927 - February 10, 2015                            

















                                                    Robert Lewis Hotze                                                    

Sep 23, 1927 - Feb 10, 2015 















                                                                Get Updates                                                            


Send
                                                                    Flowers
                                                                



 Login to Family Portal



Confirmation
Grief
Tribute
                                            Notifications







Iframe toggler



                                                                        Send Sympathy Gifts                                                                    

Buy Now







                                                                    Free Grief Support                                                                

Sign Up







                                                                    Plan Your Future                                                                

Start Now







                                                                    Free Newsletter                                                                

Join Now


























Show your support
Send Flowers







Comfort the family
Share a Memory













ObituaryObit

Tributes


Photos &
                                                Videos
Media

Services

Flowers
                                                                                                            0 









                                                Obituary
                                            

Tributes

Services


More 


Photos &
                                                Videos
Media

Flowers
                                                                                                                            0














                                            Robert Hotze, 87, of Macedonia, passed away on February 10, 2015 at the Oakland Manor in Oakland, IA.  Funeral services will be at 10:30 a.m. on Saturday, February 14, 2015 at the Loess Hills Funeral Home in Carson with Reverend Michael Harvey officiating.   Visitation will be from 5:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m. on Friday, February 13, 2015 at the funeral home.   

Memorials: Carson Presbyterian Church or Macedonia Volunteer Fire Dept. 

Robert Lewis Hotze, the youngest of three children of Vivian Linda (Graham) and William K. Hotze, was born on September 23, 1927 on his parents' farm near Carson, Iowa.   He grew up near Carson and attended Carson schools, graduating in 1945.  Following school, Robert worked as a hired man until joining the United States Army on November 6, 1950 and was stationed overseas in Korea.   While in Korea, Robert wrote letters to Gladys Johnson of Red Oak, Iowa.  When  he was discharged on November 7, 1952, she met him upon his return.

Robert and Gladys Eleanor Johnson were married on March 29, 1954 at the Mission Covenant Church in Red Oak.  The couple made their home and began farming on a farm Robert's parents had purchased while he was in the service.  Their marriage was blessed with two children, Keith Robert and Karen Marie. 

Robert was an active member of the Carson Presbyterian Church, holding many of the church offices.  He was a member of the Ruby Smith Post 648 of the American Legion in Macedonia, a member of the Farm Bureau, and served as vice president of the Farm Business Association.

Robert enjoyed traveling with Gladys and walking into town, often seen in his bright orange vest.  He enjoyed gardening, especially sharing his produce with the local community.

Robert was preceded in death by his parents; his sister, Eloise Virginia Hotze; and brother-in-law, Richard "Dick" Beyrer.

Robert is survived by his wife of 60 years, Gladys Hotze of Macedonia; son, Keith and Deb Hotze of Macedonia; daughter, Karen Hotze of Carson; three grandsons, John Hotze (Amy Parker and her two daughters, Taylor and Kaitlyn) of Malvern, Steve and Jenna Hotze of Council Bluffs, Craig Hotze (Emily Page) of Carson; great grandson, Michael John Hotze; sister, Loretta Beyrer of Pearland, TX; other relatives; and a host of special friends.                                        





                                            Posting as Who are you posting
                                                as?










 


 













                                                    Post Tribute
                                                











Post Privately?










Healing Registry
                                                                on
                                                                Feb 13, 2015                                                            

 
Someone has supported the family by purchasing them flowers or gifts from the Healing Registry.Buy Gift Now 





Emily
                                                                on
                                                                Feb 17, 2015                                                            

 
                                                                    I am very sorry for your loss. We can look forward to the time when "no resident will say: 'I am sick.'" (Isaiah 33:24) And God will actually put an end to death when he will "swallow up death forever." (Isaiah 25:8)                                                                    





Darrell and Marsha
                                                                on
                                                                Feb 17, 2015                                                            

 
I hope I will never forget his smile and laugh. He had a great out look on life which always lifted my spirit.                                                                    





Jack & Ruth 
                                                                on
                                                                Feb 14, 2015                                                            

 
Thoughts and prayers to the family. Will miss our neighbor.                                                                    





Toni Casson
                                                                on
                                                                Feb 14, 2015                                                            

 
                                                                    So sorry for your loss.  Thoughts and prayers are with you all                                                                    





Cherri Phillips
                                                                on
                                                                Feb 13, 2015                                                            

 
                                                                    Karen, Keith & Deb, & all of the family - So sorry to hear of your loss.  It's so-o-o-o hard to lose a parent, so just let the memories and the love and the laughter carry you through the difficult times, 'cause they will.  Trust me.  I don't ever remember seeing your Dad without a smile or a laugh.  He seemed to enjoy everything!!!  Thoughts & Prayers are with you all.                                                                    





LaVerne and Pam Obrecht
                                                                on
                                                                Feb 12, 2015                                                            

 
                                                                    To Bob's family:  We are so sorry for your loss.  We remember the good times we had when we went to Europe. Bob was always seeking more information.                                                                    





john waldren
                                                                on
                                                                Feb 12, 2015                                                            

 
                                                                    sorry for your loss. i remember a long time ago. he would come visit our family in maysville,ky. always pleasant person to talk he will be sadly missed.                                                                    





Susie Day
                                                                on
                                                                Feb 12, 2015                                                            

 
                                                                    So sorry to hear of Roberts passing. We certainly have missed him walking down our road..always so pleasant to talk to.                                                                    





Kennt Almquist 
                                                                on
                                                                Feb 12, 2015                                                            

 
                                                                    Gladys. Sorry for your loss. I remember the days in Red Oak. It has been a, long time ago. Thinking of you and yours, Kenny and Peggy Almquisy Mesa AZ                                                                    





Margine Henry
                                                                on
                                                                Feb 12, 2015                                                            

 
                                                                    Sorry to hear of your loss.  It is so hard to lose our parents. Dad will be watching over you from above now.                                                                    





Sandi Rieber
                                                                on
                                                                Feb 12, 2015                                                            

 
                                                                    Keith, Deb, Karen and families, So sorry to hear about your dad. I served on the church board with him and always loved his common sense values. What a wonderful man he was and now heaven is blessed to add another saint to their role. He will be missed by those of us still here.                                                                     





Lowell and Deb Forristall
                                                                on
                                                                Feb 12, 2015                                                            

 
                                                                    Robert was such a gentle, kind man. His laughter and love of life will be missed!                                                                    





Brenda Sherman
                                                                on
                                                                Feb 12, 2015                                                            

 
                                                                    Gladys, Keith and Karen - Your dad always greeted me with a smile and knew me right away... such a kind soul.  HIs enthusiasm for life will be missed                                                                    





Mary Clayton Denny
                                                                on
                                                                Feb 11, 2015                                                            

 
                                                                    So sorry for your loss.                                                                    





Aleen Busse
                                                                on
                                                                Feb 11, 2015                                                            

 
                                                                    He had a wonderful laugh






Eileen Adickes
                                                                on
                                                                Feb 11, 2015                                                            

 
                                                                    Robert's walks, in the middle of the night, were legendary. No one was more concerned with fitness than he was. I often feared for his safety, but the Lord always looked out for him.                                                                    



 



Videos


There are no videos to display


Photos

                                            Add a photo
                                        














Visitation





                                            Feb                                        



                                            13                                        


                                                Friday                                            







                                        Loess Hills Funeral Home - Carson                                              

                                            420 S. OakCarson, Iowa 51525                                            


                                        5:00 PM - 7:00 PM                                    

Directions 
                                                                        Add to
                                        Calendar




Send Flowers
Send Flowers to Visitation


















Service





                                            Feb                                        



                                            14                                        


                                                Saturday                                            







                                        Loess Hills Funeral Home - Carson                                              

                                            420 S. OakCarson, Iowa 51525                                            


                                        10:30 AM                                    

Directions 
                                                                        Add to
                                        Calendar




Send Flowers
Send Flowers to Service
























 





Have a floral question? Call +1 888 455 4590 







0 Item(s) - $0.00








Categories

















Home





Product Listing





Product Details





Cart



                                                            Sort By:
                                                        


Default
Name (A - Z)
Name (Z - A)
Price (Low > High)
                                                                
Price (High > Low)
                                                                












Healing Registry Unavailable at the Moment!



                                                    Displaying page 1 of 1, products 1
                                                    to  of 1









Loading...







Product Name

                                                            Description
                                                        

                                                            $0




-

+





Add to Cart














Your Shopping Cart is Empty



Select a
                                                        recipient






Jane Doe
×




What's your email address?





What Would You Like Written on the
                                                            Card?





Choose a Delivery Date








*
                                                                Note: Delivery is only available
                                                                    on highlighted dates for flowers ONLY. Sunday
                                                                    delivery will not be
                                                                    available on all flower purchases.
                                                                




Where Would You Like To Deliver
                                                            To

 
                                                            Visitation/Service

 
                                                            Other























Select a StateAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict Of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 













 Proceed to Checkout
                                                    
Keep Shopping
                                                    


















No obituaries found



No thanks. Go back to cart.




Product Details





Loading...







Product Name

                                        Description
                                    
$0



Add to Cart


                                        View Cart 0











Iframe toggler




                                                                    Send Sympathy Gifts                                                                

Buy Now







                                                                Free Grief Support                                                            

Sign Up







                                                                Plan Your Future                                                            

Start Now







                                                                Free Newsletter                                                            

Join Now
















Check-in to
                        Robert's service!
                    

Add
                            Robert's service to
                            calendar













Sign in to add your memory








Let the family know who you are using one of the
                                        quick sign-in options below.












Sign in
                                        
Just for verification: we never spam!



                                    OR
                                



We will never post without permission




 
                                Yes, I'd like to receive a
                                    free monthly email with grief tips, inspirational stories and
                                    exclusive articles












Share Photo/Memorial Tributes








The attached photos are added to the memorial of
                                        Robert Lewis Hotze to help share their legacy.




















Subscribe to our free newsletter
                                                    (unsubscribe at anytime)



                                                Attach Photos
                                            






No thanks. Go back to obituary.




















Add to Your Calendar








Just enter your email below and we'll send you a
                                        calendar reminder
                                    















Subscribe to our free newsletter
                                                    (unsubscribe at anytime)



                                                Send me the reminder
                                            






No thanks. Go back to obituary.












Obit Checkin








Please help memorize
                                        Robert Lewis Hotze by recording your attendance below. 





















Subscribe to Newsletter
                                                



                                                Check-in
                                            






No thanks. Go back to obituary.












Obituary Notifications








We will notify
                                        you soon. 















Subscribe to Newsletter
                                            


Get Notified
                                            






No thanks. Go back to obituary.












                                        Grief Support
                                    















Subscribe to Newsletter
                                                



                                                Subscribe
                                            






No thanks. Go back to obituary.












Get Updates - tribute notifications









                                        You will receive an e-mail daily when a guest leaves a tribute on this obituary.
                                    















                                                    Subscribe to Newsletter
                                                



                                                Subscribe
                                            






No thanks. Go back to obituary.







Thank you for sharing your memory
                                of Robert


Help show your support by providing a gift of flowers and
                                spreading the word.




Gift of Flowers
Offer comfort and support to the
                                                family with beautiful flowers and spreads

Browse
                                                Flowers




Spread the Word
Help friends and acquaintances of
                                            Robert                                            leave memories by sharing to Facebook


Share on Facebook





No thanks. Go back to obituary.










Proud Member:






















“Not one complaint. That’s pretty outstanding. Scott went out of his way to do all he could for us – and we will be forever grateful.”

The family of Lawrence Greiner

Leave Your Review Now





























