



Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          

































Calvin W. Roberts, M.D. | HuffPost






























Tap here to turn on desktop notifications to get the news sent straight to you.


























EDITION
US











Arabi


Australia


Brasil


Canada


Deutschland


España


France


Greece


India




Italia


Japan


Korea


Maghreb


México


Québec


South Africa


United Kingdom


United States











Close












Calvin W. Roberts, M.D.

Corporate Vice President and Chief Medical Officer, Bausch + Lomb




Calvin W. Roberts, M.D., is Bausch + Lomb's chief medical officer. He was named to this post in March 2011. 

Dr. Roberts coordinates our global D&R (development and research) efforts across our Vision Care, Pharmaceuticals and Surgical business units for optimal leverage and outcomes.

An expert and innovator in ophthalmic medical products and cataract surgery, Dr. Roberts has a unique blend of academic, clinical, business and hands-on product development experience. He has led the development and commercialization of numerous OTC and prescription pharmaceuticals, and is a frequent industry lecturer and author.

In 2003, Dr. Roberts co-founded Alimera Sciences, Inc., the specialty pharmaceuticals company.

Dr. Roberts holds patents on the wide-field specular microscope, used for corneal endothelial studies, and is the developer of instruments for cataract surgery. As a consultant to ophthalmic pharmaceutical companies, including Allergan Pharmaceuticals, Johnson & Johnson and Novartis, Roberts has helped lead the development and marketing efforts for several new therapeutics.

He is a clinical professor of ophthalmology at the Weill Medical College of Cornell University. As a practicing ophthalmologist from 1982 to 2008, he performed more than 10,000 cataract surgeries plus 5,000 refractive and other corneal surgeries.

A graduate of Princeton University and the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Columbia University, Dr. Roberts completed his internship and ophthalmology residency at Columbia Presbyterian Hospital in New York. He also completed cornea fellowships at Massachusetts Eye and Ear Infirmary and the Schepens Eye Research Institute in Boston.













































































Calvin W Roberts Md Pc in New York, NY 10075 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» New York
» New York
» Arts & Entertainment
» Calvin W Roberts Md Pc













Calvin W Roberts Md Pc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





876 Park Ave  New York, New York 10075


(212) 746-3937
Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Calvin W Roberts Md Pc is located at the address 876 Park Ave in New York, New York 10075.  They can be contacted via phone at (212) 746-3937 for pricing, hours and directions.  Calvin W Roberts Md Pc has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .For more information go to www.calvinrobertsmd.comCalvin W Roberts Md Pc provides Partials, Consultations, Showrooms to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Calvin W Roberts Md Pc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Calvin W Roberts Md Pc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Directional Hearing Aids
, Lift Chairs
, Nebulizers
, Custom Hearing Protection
, Ear Molds / Ear Plugs
, Hearing Protection
, Orthotics
, Oxygen Equipment



SERVICES


Referrals
, Partials
, Hospitals
, Showrooms
, Braces
, Repairs
, Consultations
, Bonding
, Examinations
, Dentures



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (212) 746-3937
Website: www.calvinrobertsmd.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 5 To 9
Exact Employee Count: 8
Exact Sales Volume: 560000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


Arts & Entertainment
Travel Services
Urgent Care & Ambulatory Surgery
Medical Equipment & Supplies Manufacturing & Wholesale
Business, Industry & Agriculture
Health Care
Outpatient Care Centers
Commercial Equipment Manufacturing & Wholesale



People Also Viewed


General Maritime Corp


299 Park Ave Fl 3 New York, New York 10171




Anthos USA


277 Park Ave Rm 29A New York, New York 10172




Rasini Co


445 Park Ave  New York, New York 10022




Brae Capital Corporation


450 Park Ave Fl 32 New York, New York 10022




THE COLGATE GROUP


44 Wall St Fl 12 New York, New York 10005




CONCEPTS OF INDEPENDENCE


120 Wall St Ste 1010 New York, New York 10005





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM
















CALVIN W. ROBERTS; NPI #1891968343


































				NPI Lookup from the NPI Registry — National Provider Identifier Database
			







Search
















Home



Groups & Organizations



Allopathic & Osteopathic Physicians



Ophthalmology



CALVIN W. ROBERTS











CALVIN W. ROBERTS			
Ophthalmology

				An ophthalmologist has the knowledge and professional skills needed to provide comprehensive eye and vision care. Ophthalmologists are medically trained to diagnose, monitor and medically or surgically treat all ocular and visual disorders. This includes problems affecting the eye and its component structures, the eyelids, the orbit and the visual pathways. In so doing, an ophthalmologist prescribes vision services, including glasses and contact lenses.
			
















 Share
 Tweet
 Reviews








   Edit my contact information
Contact Information





CALVIN W. ROBERTS					

876 PARK AVE
NEW YORK, NY
						 10075-1832

 Phone: 212-734-7788
 Fax: 
 Website:

					





 
Specialty
Taxonomy Code
Specialty Code
Provider Type





Ophthalmology
207W00000X
18
Physician/Ophthalmology




 Indicates primary specialty








 Edit contact information
















					NPI Profile & details for
CALVIN W. ROBERTS				
















NPI Number
1891968343


LBN Legal business name
CALVIN W. ROBERTS


Authorized official


											CALVIN ROBERTS
												 - (OWNER)
										



Entity
Organization


Organization subpart 1


											No
									



Enumeration date
04/04/2008


Last updated

04/04/2008 - About 9 years ago



Identifiers





NY
License #
139081


















1

					Some organization health care providers are made up of components that furnish different types of health care or have separate physical locations where health care is furnished. These components and physical locations are not themselves legal entities, but are part of the organization health care provider (which is a legal entity).
					A covered organization provider may decide that its subparts (if it has any) should have their own NPI numbers. If a subpart conducts any HIPAA standard transactions on its own (e.g., separately from its parent), it must obtain its own NPI number.
				








Reviews
Post a Review






					Reviews for
					
CALVIN W. ROBERTS					


×
Thanks - Your review has been submitted! Please note that if we find that this review has violated our terms or is simply deemed unacceptable, we will remove it without notice.
				

						There are currently no reviews for
CALVIN W. ROBERTS						Be the first to post a comment or review.
					


					Read our reviews / comments about this provider to help you decide if they are right for you. Share your experience by posting a comment or review about this provider to help others decide which is right for them.
				



Add your review





Name



Rating

5 Star - Excellent
4 Star - Above Average
3 Star - Average
2 Star - Below Average
1 Star - Bad




Review / Comment





								Enter the correct information you see below
							














By submitting your comment, you agree to the following —

							All reviews and comments undergo rigorous screening and must adhere to our strict guidelines of ethics. We do not condone anything that is
							slanderous, disparaging, derogatory, offensive, prejudicial, insulting or simply rude.
							We will remove any comments that do not follow or meet these guidelines.
							NPIdb.org wants to encourage your right to free speech however we must also protect the reputation of the physician in question and make every effort
							so that no one is harmed by such careless remarks. When leaving a negative comment, please be tactful, objective and, if at all possible, polite.
							We reserve the right to remove any comment or review for any reason and without notice. Please do not abuse this privilege.
						








Nearby Doctors & Physicians



RICHARD D LESTER, MD132 E 76 STNEW YORK, NY



ROBERT P NEWHOUSE, MD8 EAST 76 STREETNEW YORK, NY



BRETT S KOTLUS, MD135 E. 71ST STNEW YORK, NY



ROBERT FRIEDMAN, MD1001 PARK AVENEW YORK, NY



BARBARA A BARKER, MD70 EAST 96TH STNEW YORK, NY



MAURICE E SHERMAN, MD40 EAST 88 STREETNEW YORK, NY



MICHAEL J COONEY, M.D., M.B.A.460 PARK AVENUENEW YORK, NY



JOHN A SORENSON, MD460 PARK AVENUENEW YORK, NY



ROBERT W KLEIN, MD460 PARK AVENUENEW YORK, NY



JASON S SLAKTER, MD460 PARK AVENUENEW YORK, NY




  
				View all Doctors & Physicians









×
Share this page


Send a friend a link to this page



Your name



Email



Message
FYI - I found CALVIN W. ROBERTS online at http://npidb.org.





Cancel
 Share









×
Report abuse


Please tell us why you are reporting this review.


Your name







Message






Cancel
Submit


















Navigation

NPI Lookup
Doctors & Physicians
Medical Groups & Organizations
Medicare Contacts
Search Providers



Code Lookup

NPI Number
Taxonomy Codes
ICD-10 Code Lookup


HCPCS Codes



Popular Specialties

Physician Assistants
Family Medicine
Internal Medicine
Nurse Practitioners
View All ...



About Us

FAQs
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Sitemap






v2.201


































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Calvin W Roberts MD PC                                                                                                   - New York                                          , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



New York



offices and Clinics of Medical Doctors



Opthalmologist



                            Calvin W Roberts MD PC
                                    



 





















C 


Calvin W Roberts MD PC                                                                                                  
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



876 PARK AVE NEW YORK, NY 10075
Get Directions



(212) 746-3937
 





Business Info



 Founded 1981
 Incorporated NY
 Annual Revenue $429,379.00
 Employee Count 6
 Industries Opthalmologist
 Contacts Calvin W Roberts MD                                                                                                     







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Calvin W Roberts Md Pc                                                                                                   is located at 876 Park Ave in New York and has been in the business of Opthalmologist since 1981. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
































Bausch + Lomb Appoints Dr. Calvin W. Roberts as Chief Medical Officer(2)












































Skip to main content












Advertisement 

 



Home
TopicsBig Pharma
Contract Manufacturing
Drug Development
Enterprise Technology
Facility
Global
Operations
Recalls
Regulatory
Supply Chain

WatchInterphex Live

Search
EventsInterphex

SocialFacebook
Twitter
YouTube

GuidesCompanies
Products

Learn
Digital
 



Login
Register
Subscribe
ChannelsMNET
CHEM
FM
ID
IMPO
MBT

 





Advertisement 

 















 












Advertisement 

 











 






 Bausch + Lomb Appoints Dr. Calvin W. Roberts as Chief Medical Officer(2) 
 Fri, 03/18/2011 - 5:06am 
 Comments 
 by  

 



Bausch + Lomb has announced the appointment of Calvin W.
Roberts, M.D. to the newly created position of Chief Medical Officer (CMO). Dr.
Roberts will serve as a member of the Executive Leadership Team and coordinate
the company's global D&R efforts across the Vision Care, Pharmaceuticals
and Surgical business units for greater leverage and outcomes.
Dr. Roberts brings a unique combination of academic,
clinical and product development experience to the new Bausch + Lomb CMO role.
A specialist in cataract and refractive surgery, Dr. Roberts is credited with
developing and producing over-the-counter products for vision care,
prescription ocular therapeutics and innovative treatment regimens. Dr. Roberts
is considered to be the "father" of ophthalmic non-steroidals; he has
published 50 peer-reviewed articles.
"We are extremely pleased with the addition of Dr.
Calvin Roberts to the Bausch + Lomb leadership team in this critical new role
as chief medical officer," said Brent Saunders, chief executive officer of
Bausch + Lomb. "As a renowned expert in ophthalmology and the development
of eye health products, Cal
is uniquely qualified to help us further strengthen product innovation,
benefiting our customers and their patients around the world."
Dr. Roberts is a member of the board of directors at Alimera
Sciences, a biopharmaceutical company he co-founded in 2003. Dr. Roberts is a
clinical professor of ophthalmology at Weill Medical College of Cornell
University. Dr. Roberts holds patents on the wide-field specular microscope,
used for corneal endothelial studies, and is the developer of instruments for
cataract surgery. As a consultant to ophthalmic pharmaceutical companies,
including Allergan Pharmaceuticals, Johnson & Johnson and Novartis, Dr.
Roberts has helped lead the development and marketing efforts for several new
therapeutics.
A graduate of Princeton
University and the College of Physicians
and Surgeons of Columbia University, Dr. Roberts completed his internship and
ophthalmology residency at Columbia Presbyterian Hospital
in New York.
Dr. Roberts also completed cornea fellowships at Massachusetts Eye and Ear
Infirmary and the Schepens Eye Research Institute in Boston.
"I look forward to bringing the perspective of clinical
optometrists and ophthalmologists to the development of new, innovative
products to benefit our patients," said Dr. Calvin Roberts. "Bausch +
Lomb has a history of great science and great scientists, and working together
we can best serve the needs of our customers and patients."
  









Advertisement 

 
 











Advertisement 

 



View the discussion thread. 





























      Connect with Pharmaceutical Processing    

Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
 



      Resources    

About Us
Advertising Info
Contact Us
Contributor Guidelines
Directory FAQs
Privacy Policy
Product Announcement Form
RSS
Subscriptions
Terms & Conditions
 



      Topics    

Big Pharma
Contract Manufacturing
Drug Development
Enterprise Technology
Facility
Global
Operations
Recalls
Regulatory
Supply Chain
 



© Copyright 2017 Advantage Business Media 







 
 










 










 



 










Advertisement 

 




















 





  

 






  



 












	Bausch Lomb Appoints Dr Calvin W Roberts as Chief Medical Officer













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






Bausch & Lomb (BOL) Appoints Dr. Calvin W. Roberts as Chief Medical Officer  











Tweet








3/18/2011 8:55:52 AM


(Click here for details) Dr. Calvin Roberts
ROCHESTER, NY--(Marketwire - March     18, 2011) -  Highlighted Links Bausch + Lomb  Bausch + Lomb, the global eye health company, today announced the appointment of Calvin W. Roberts, M.D. to the newly created position of Chief Medical Officer (CMO). Dr. Roberts will serve as a member of the Executive Leadership Team and coordinate the company's global D&R efforts across the Vision Care, Pharmaceuticals and Surgical business units for greater leverage and outcomes.

Dr. Roberts brings a unique combination of academic, clinical and product development experience to the new Bausch + Lomb CMO role. A specialist in cataract and refractive surgery, Dr. Roberts is credited with developing and producing over-the-counter products for vision care, prescription ocular therapeutics and innovative treatment regimens. Dr. Roberts is considered to be the "father" of ophthalmic non-steroidals; he has published 50 peer-reviewed articles.

"We are extremely pleased with the addition of Dr. Calvin Roberts to the Bausch + Lomb leadership team in this critical new role as chief medical officer," said Brent Saunders, chief executive officer of Bausch + Lomb. "As a renowned expert in ophthalmology and the development of eye health products, Cal is uniquely qualified to help us further strengthen product innovation, benefiting our customers and their patients around the world."

Dr. Roberts is a member of the board of directors at Alimera Sciences, a biopharmaceutical company he co-founded in 2003. Dr. Roberts is a clinical professor of ophthalmology at Weill Medical College of Cornell University. Dr. Roberts holds patents on the wide-field specular microscope, used for corneal endothelial studies, and is the developer of instruments for cataract surgery. As a consultant to ophthalmic pharmaceutical companies, including Allergan Pharmaceuticals, Johnson & Johnson and Novartis, Dr. Roberts has helped lead the development and marketing efforts for several new therapeutics. 

A graduate of Princeton University and the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Columbia University, Dr. Roberts completed his internship and ophthalmology residency at Columbia Presbyterian Hospital in New York. Dr. Roberts also completed cornea fellowships at Massachusetts Eye and Ear Infirmary and the Schepens Eye Research Institute in Boston. 

"I look forward to bringing the perspective of clinical optometrists and ophthalmologists to the development of new, innovative products to benefit our patients," said Dr. Calvin Roberts. "Bausch + Lomb has a history of great science and great scientists, and working together we can best serve the needs of our customers and patients."

About Bausch + Lomb
Bausch + Lomb is one of the best-known and most respected healthcare companies in the world. Its core businesses include contact lenses and lens care products, ophthalmic surgical devices and instruments, and ophthalmic pharmaceuticals. Founded in 1853, the company is headquartered in Rochester, N.Y., and employs more than 10,000 people worldwide. Its products are available in more than 100 countries. More information is available at www.bausch.com.




News Media Contacts:Elizabeth Harness MurphyDirector, Corporate Communications and Public AffairsBausch + Lomb585-338-8528 Elizabeth.Murphy@bausch.comJodi Sacks-BrooksWeber Shandwick for Bausch + Lomb212-445-8080 jbrooks@webershandwick.com 




Digg this    Bookmark with del.icio.us    Add to Newsvine

Technorati:
bausch
lomb
calvin
roberts
calvin roberts
dr. roberts
chief medical officer
vision care







                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
Bausch & Lomb (BOL) Release: Early Vision Screenings and Eye Exams Help Save Kids' Sight  Booming Jobs in Biotech/Med Device Companies, Including Bexion Pharmaceuticals and Medpace, Inc., Despite Recession
  Bausch & Lomb (BOL) Storz(R) Ophthalmics Introduces the Osher Sterile Field Magnifier  New Device to Measure Glucose in Tears May Relieve Diabetics from Blood Pricking, Arizona State University and Mayo Clinic Reveal  Bausch & Lomb (BOL) Introduces the Putterman Consecutive CDCR Set  Creating Novel Injectable Biomaterials For Cartilage Tissue Engineering, University of Bristol Reveals  Bausch & Lomb (BOL) Partnership Announces Inaugural Research Grants to Fight Childhood Blindness  BioNanomatrix Secures $23.3 Million in Series B Financing
  Bausch & Lomb (BOL) Announces Global Licensing Agreement With UltraVision CLPL to Market KeraSoft(R) Contact Lenses  Laser Beam Makes Cells 'Breathe in' Water and Potentially Anti-Cancer Drugs, American Chemical Society Study Published in The Journal of Physical Chemistry Letters 




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            Bausch & Lomb




             
        





                            •
                            Medical Devices



                            •
                            Medical Dev. & Diag. - Personnel




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 

































		 	Medical Conferences in 2017 - 2018 | CME Conferences |  USA | Europe | Asia | Australia | UK | eMedEvents | Calvin  W Roberts         




 




















Menu






 Home 
Conferences  

Conferences
Board Review Courses


 Speakers 
Organizers 
CME Online 

More   

eMed Blogs
eMed News 
eMed Resources 




 Sign In 


Create a Conference
                                    











Header SearchT ype

Conferences
Speakers
Organizers


Keyword Search



Search Date and time

All Dates
Next Week
Next Month
Custom Date



Search 



custom_startdate
 

custom_enddate
 









 




 



Home  >  Speakers
          	 >  Calvin  W Roberts                 






Conference Session Materials

The conference session material has yet to be added by the speaker. 


Appears with 


This section has yet to be updated by the speaker. 
















Calvin  W Roberts																				



											Professor & Chief Medical Officer | New York, New York    

Specialties : 
Ophthalmology 

Speaks about : 
Bausch And Lomb,  Cataract,...More 









                                                                                             Track
											

												Meet
											

												Message
											









Summary



Upcoming


Past


People



Biography : 

									Calvin W. Roberts, M.D. is Executive Vice President and the Chief Medical Officer at Bausch and Lomb. A specialist in cataract and refractive surgery, Dr. Roberts is credited with developing surgical therapies, over-the-counter products for vision care, prescription ocular therapeutics and innovative treatment regimens. Dr. Roberts holds patents on the wide-field specular microscope, used for corneal endothelial studies, and was a pioneer in the use of ophthalmic non-steroidals.

Dr. Roberts is a Clinical Professor of Ophthalmology at Weill Medical College of Cornell University, and a member of the board of directors of Alimera Sciences. A graduate of Princeton University and the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Columbia University, Dr. Roberts completed his internship and ophthalmology residency at Columbia Presbyterian Hospital in New York. Dr. Roberts also completed cornea fellowships at Massachusetts Eye and Ear Infirmary and the Schepens Eye Research Institute in Boston.								


Email:

											
									**********************


Contact :

											
									**********


Social Media Info :


										This section has yet to be updated by the speaker.										



                                                                    For speaker's contact information - Contact us 

Specialties

									Ophthalmology								

Interested Topics

									Bausch and Lomb,  Cataract,  Refractive Surgery, 								

State Licenses

																				This section has yet to be updated by the speaker.
																		

Board Certifications


																			This section has yet to be updated by the speaker.
																		

Professional Association


																		This section has yet to be updated by the speaker.
									
								


Languages
									English
								


										Next
									






















Close
Send Message




Enter Subject



Enter Content





							Send
						


























For Physicians
Live CME Courses
Board review courses

Cruise Conferences
Medical journals
Online CME
Webinars, Podcasts
Daily Medical News
Monthly Briefings  by Specialty
Medical Blog




Logistics
Medical Conference Registration
Conference Reviews
Flight Bookings
Hotel Booking
Rent a car
Chauffeured services
City guide and attractions 
Best Dinning in town
International travel & Visa requirements




Medical Resources
CME Requirements by Country / State
On-Demand CME
Medical Societies by States
Medical Societies by Specialty
Medical Certification & Assessment Boards
Medical Licensure Information
Medical Councils and Associations
Specialty Certification Boards





Quick Links 

Conferences in 2017
Conferences in 2018
Conferences in 2019

Suggested Speakers
Speakers by Country
Speakers by City
Speakers by specialty
Top 50 Conferences
Top Surgical Conferences
Top Dental Conferences




For Organizers
Free Listing of the Conference
Online Conference Promotion
On-Line Registrations
Customized organizer profile
Customized conference pages
Conference SEO
Social media promotions
Targeted marketing
Find a speaker for event
Track your conference performance
Competitor Analysis & Data mining




Pharma & Medical Companies
Advertisement
Targeted marketing
Reach out to physicians 
Data mining


For Speakers
Promote Speaker profile
Network with Peers and Organizers
Related Medical books
Publish your work
Customized Speaker Profiles




eMedEvents

About us / Team
Our services
Contact us 
Careers  |  Pressroom 


Success stories

Agreements
Advertise with us

Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
☰


 





 




Subscribe

Subscribe















Google+ 
Twitter  
Facebook 
linkedin 
linkedin 
















Apple

Apple








Terms & Conditions | Sitemap | 

Security | Cookies





 













Bausch + Lomb Appoints Dr. Calvin W. Roberts as Chief Medical OfficerHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearchSkip to NavigationSkip to Main ContentSkip to Related Content0Bausch + Lomb Appoints Dr. Calvin W. Roberts as Chief Medical OfficerMarketwireMarch 18, 2011ReblogShareTweetShareRoosters MGC ribbon cutting ceremony on Voss Road in Houston.MoreROCHESTER, NY--(Marketwire - 03/18/11) - Bausch + Lomb, the global eye health company, today announced the appointment of Calvin W. Roberts, M.D. to the newly created position of Chief Medical Officer (CMO). Dr. Roberts will serve as a member of the Executive Leadership Team and coordinate the company's global D&R efforts across the Vision Care, Pharmaceuticals and Surgical business units for greater leverage and outcomes.Dr. Roberts brings a unique combination of academic, clinical and product development experience to the new Bausch + Lomb CMO role. A specialist in cataract and refractive surgery, Dr. Roberts is credited with developing and producing over-the-counter products for vision care, prescription ocular therapeutics and innovative treatment regimens. Dr. Roberts is considered to be the "father" of ophthalmic non-steroidals; he has published 50 peer-reviewed articles."We are extremely pleased with the addition of Dr. Calvin Roberts to the Bausch + Lomb leadership team in this critical new role as chief medical officer," said Brent Saunders, chief executive officer of Bausch + Lomb. "As a renowned expert in ophthalmology and the development of eye health products, Cal is uniquely qualified to help us further strengthen product innovation, benefiting our customers and their patients around the world."Dr. Roberts is a member of the board of directors at Alimera Sciences, a biopharmaceutical company he co-founded in 2003. Dr. Roberts is a clinical professor of ophthalmology at Weill Medical College of Cornell University. Dr. Roberts holds patents on the wide-field specular microscope, used for corneal endothelial studies, and is the developer of instruments for cataract surgery. As a consultant to ophthalmic pharmaceutical companies, including Allergan Pharmaceuticals, Johnson & Johnson and Novartis, Dr. Roberts has helped lead the development and marketing efforts for several new therapeutics.A graduate of Princeton University and the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Columbia University, Dr. Roberts completed his internship and ophthalmology residency at Columbia Presbyterian Hospital in New York. Dr. Roberts also completed cornea fellowships at Massachusetts Eye and Ear Infirmary and the Schepens Eye Research Institute in Boston."I look forward to bringing the perspective of clinical optometrists and ophthalmologists to the development of new, innovative products to benefit our patients," said Dr. Calvin Roberts. "Bausch + Lomb has a history of great science and great scientists, and working together we can best serve the needs of our customers and patients."About Bausch + Lomb Bausch + Lomb is one of the best-known and most respected healthcare companies in the world. Its core businesses include contact lenses and lens care products, ophthalmic surgical devices and instruments, and ophthalmic pharmaceuticals. Founded in 1853, the company is headquartered in Rochester, N.Y., and employs more than 10,000 people worldwide. Its products are available in more than 100 countries. More information is available at www.bausch.com.Image Available: http://www2.marketwire.com/mw/frame_mw?attachid=1548869ReblogShareTweetSharePopular in the CommunityMan says he killed wife aboard cruise ship because 'she would not stop laughing at me': Affidavit2,879 reactions5%73%22%"Women Need To Carry This Device With Them"Siren SongSponsoredDozens injured in Barcelona commuter train crash8 reactions0%100%0%Trump administration reportedly threatens Alaska over senator’s health care vote4,834 reactions5%66%29%Mario Cantone Perfectly Captures Trump’s New BFF Anthony Scaramucci692 reactions7%66%27%Zuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredClashes in Venezuela ahead of Sunday’s election32 reactions5%63%32%Mitch McConnell: ‘I regret that our efforts were simply not enough this time’1 reactionsLuis Fonsi On Justin Bieber's Spanish, 'Despacito' Hitting No. 1530 reactions3%80%17%Discover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredSenate 'skinny repeal' of Obamacare falls apart on Senate floor after McCain defects7,749 reactions6%67%27%Grandmother lays in pool of blood playing dead after being attacked night before her husband's funeral1,310 reactions5%71%24%Trump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverage1,380 reactions4%72%24%Trunk Club. Making Sense of Style.Trunk ClubSponsoredPortugal battles raging wildfires17 reactions0%69%31%Seth Moulton thinks Democrats needs ‘new generation’ of leadershipRussia orders cut in US diplomats in reaction to sanctionsDirk: Gosh, I hope this doesn't lead Russia to deny America of all the Russian cars, Russian electronics, Russian textiles and all other Russian products that we consume.

Oh wait...we don't. They're irrelevant.Join the Conversation1 / 5921








