














Pure play asset management












Will central banks spoil buoyant market sentiment?



Graph of the week 










Robeco uses cookies
Robeco uses cookies to analyze your visit to this site, to share information via social media and to personalize the site and the advertisements in line with your own preferences. By clicking on agree or by continuing on this site, you agree to the above. More information and adjusting cookie settings.
I Agree











Pioneers in Factor Investing 
Three ways to implement factors and smart beta
A closer look at smart beta and factor-based solutions
Get in touch 










Our latest insights
See all










Will central banks spoil buoyant market sentiment?
In its quarterly outlook, the Global Fixed Income Macro team sees central banks gradually normalizing their policies.

            28-07-2017
             | 
            Quarterly outlook
        








Best economic links of the web 


            28-07-2017
            
            
        








Graph of the week 
The party's over guys

            28-07-2017
             | 
            Insight
        








Chinese A-shares: does taking risk pay off?
Is risk rewarded on the Chinese A-share market?

            27-07-2017
             | 
            Research
        








Social factors rise in prominence for sustainability 
The importance of measuring social factors – the ‘S’ in ESG – is rising up the sustainability agenda, Robeco’s recent experience shows.

            26-07-2017
             | 
            Insight
        








Not all trash is created equal
The problem of waste has ever been a problem – and it’s now coming from some surprising places.

            25-07-2017
             | 
            Stunning statistics
        










Expertise where it matters most
Research has been embedded in our DNA since the very beginning. We strongly believe in innovative, evidence-based investing to best serve clients’ needs. With investment teams looking beyond their own areas and actively sharing ideas, this knowledge-based approach has progressively developed 
four key strengths.






Quant Investing







Sustainable Investing







Credit Investing







Emerging Markets



















Factor Investing
The rise of Factor Investing,  is it just a hype?
Watch the video













Who we are
Robeco’s first global equity mutual fund was launched in 1933, just four years after the company was founded. Today, we manage a wide range of portfolios for retail and institutional clients worldwide.


Key strengths


About us


Facts & figures





















Fund Details




















Disclaimer
The information contained in the website is solely intended for professional investors. Some funds shown on this website fall outside the scope of the Dutch Act on the Financial Supervision (Wet op het financieel toezicht) and therefore do not (need to) have a license from the Authority for the Financial Markets (AFM).
The funds shown on this website may not be available in your country. Please select your country website (top right corner) to view the products that are available in your country.
Neither information nor any opinion expressed on the website constitutes a solicitation, an offer or a recommendation to buy, sell or dispose of any investment, to engage in any other transaction or to provide any investment advice or service. An investment in a Robeco product should only be made after reading the related legal documents such as management regulations, prospectuses, annual and semi-annual reports, which can be all be obtained free of charge at this website and at the Robeco offices in each country where Robeco has a presence.
By clicking Proceed I confirm that I am a professional investor and that I have read, understood and accept the terms of use for this website.



Decline
Proceed








Robeco uses cookies
Robeco uses cookies to analyze your visit to this site, to share information via social media and to personalize the site and the advertisements in line with your own preferences. By clicking on agree or by continuing on this site, you agree to the above. More information and adjusting cookie settings.
I Agree

























Robeco Inc. 







 
Your contact with the world's market.

Exclusive supplier of GlassClear® transparent vinyl.





 

Robeco Collective Investment Trust - Robeco Global Emerging Markets Equity Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:12 AM ET

Company Overview of Robeco Collective Investment Trust - Robeco Global Emerging Markets Equity Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview



One Beacon Street30th FloorBoston, MA 02018United States










Key Executives for Robeco Collective Investment Trust - Robeco Global Emerging Markets Equity Fund


Robeco Collective Investment Trust - Robeco Global Emerging Markets Equity Fund does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Robeco Collective Investment Trust - Robeco Global Emerging Markets Equity Fund, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Robeco Trust Co. - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Robeco Trust Co.



Overview
Executives & Employees Board of Directors Paths



Robeco Trust Co.



 OVERVIEW



Headquarters


28 State Street, Boston, MA 02019




Industries


Consumer Finance




Company Description


Robeco Trust Co. operates as a non-depository trust company. The firm offers interests in bank collective investment trusts. The company is headquartered in Boston, MA.





 Executives & Employees



Mark Edward Donovan

President, Chief Executive & Investment Officer




Bill Butterly III

Chief Operating Officer, Secretary & Director







                          Board of Directors                        



William John Kelly

Chief Financial Officer at Exosome Diagnostics, Inc.




Matthew John Davis

Chief Financial Officer at Boston Partners Global Investors, Inc.





Bill Butterly III

Chief Operating Officer & Chief Compliance Officer at Boston Partners Global Investors, Inc.




Todd Anthony Knightly

Research Analyst at Boston Partners Global Investors, Inc.







See our list of current and previous board members when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Paths to Robeco Trust Co.



                        Robeco Trust Co.                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Robeco Trust Co.






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Robeco Trust Co..

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













 

Robeco Portfolio Trust - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/8432-robeco-portfolio-trustsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=8432  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Robeco Portfolio TrustCompany DetailsGet alertedif Robeco Portfolio Trust gets funded!Robeco Portfolio TrustFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesNew YorkNew York CityIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors March 9th, 2012$1,692,971,289-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Robeco Portfolio Trust gets funded?Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!


ROBECO TRUST COMPANY Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      ROBECO TRUST COMPANY
                    

•   BOSTON, MA
                          • Trust
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Robeco Trust Company is based out of Boston.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from ROBECO TRUST COMPANY, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




robeco trust company


28 STATE STREET

BOSTON
MA
                                                        
                                                    02019


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      617-832-8200







Recent SEC Filings




13F-NT filed on 05/03/2017
13F-NT filed on 02/06/2017
13F-NT filed on 11/09/2016
13F-NT filed on 08/05/2016
13F-NT filed on 05/12/2016
13F-NT filed on 02/08/2016
13F-NT filed on 11/10/2015
13F-NT filed on 08/10/2015
13F-NT filed on 05/05/2015
13F-NT filed on 02/09/2015







Parent/ Related Companies







BOSTON PARTNERS

















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















