










Roberts, Christopher G of Hope Mills, NC



























				Home of America's Entrepreneurs
			

HOME
CONTACT     
				USA










Search















Roberts, Christopher G of Hope Mills, NC










					Roberts, Christopher G				

					3102 N Main St					
						Hope Mills, North Carolina 28348					

								The address shown above is an administrative business address and may not be 
								the primary address for Roberts, Christopher G.  Please contact 
								Roberts, Christopher G at M.c. L., LLC for the correct address.  








BUSINESS PROFILE

					M.c. L., LLC				

INDUSTRY
Business: MiscThis listing appears under the heading Business/Misc which includes businesses that may offer a variety of business and consumers products and services.
EXPERIENCE
This business has been active for 5 years and 2 months.The State of North Carolina, lists Roberts, Christopher G of Hope Mills, NC 
					as registering M.c. L., LLC in May, 2012








UPDATES CORRECTIONS


Did we make a mistake? - If you see an error or have updated
						information about this listing, please, let us know! 
					












In The News


Are Traps Gay? Question Sparks Furor At YouTube And Gaming Event



Tom and Sandi Mueller



Jimmy Kimmel says infant son is 'doing great,' tweets photo of smiling boy



Why tweets heat up as outdoor temperatures climb



Women's mental health could suffer from 'breastaurant' work, study says



These are the best stainless steel skillets you can buy in 2017



Your financial adviser will lose some of your money. Here's what to do.



David Axelrod Slams NYT's 'Snide' Sean Spicer Editorial















Don't go now, the party is just starting

			BizyPeople is the easiest way to find local business leaders. For a better 
			shopping experience, patronize the local businesses of your friends and neighbors. 
		


Search
Location
Social
Ratings
Contact
Complete



Quickly locate business owners by name




Browse the directory of owners by location 




Share friends profiles on your favorite social network




Rate your friends business profiles




Call, email or follow links to reach local business people




View all related business entities








Start Now
Select Location







BIZYPEOPLE     
	PRIVACY    
	TERMS    
	CONTACT










Christopher G Roberts - Jacksonville, FL | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Christopher G Roberts in Jacksonville, FL


Christopher G Roberts

                                                                           Intelius found that Christopher G Roberts  is  a male between 40 and 40 years old from Jacksonville, FL.  We have connected them to
                10 addresses,
                7 phones,
                and 6 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Chris G Roberts


Get Report Now

Age

Christopher G Roberts is in his 40s

Christopher Has Lived In

Jacksonville, FL
Providence, RI
Rehoboth, MA

Christopher's Relatives

Gilbert Roberts
Margaret Roberts
Linda Roberts
Wilma Roberts







Christopher G Roberts



Zodiac SignGemini



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Christopher? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Christopher, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Christopher G Roberts
Get a Criminal Check on Christopher G Roberts
Get a Public Record Report on Christopher G Roberts
Get a People Search Report on Christopher G Roberts


Christopher G Roberts's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Christopher G Roberts has lived as well as Christopher G Roberts's phone numbers and email addresses.




Christopher G Roberts Has Lived in 4 States
Florida Address for Christopher G Roberts


7147 E***** D* N 

Jacksonville, FL


Has Lived In

Jacksonville, FL
Providence, RI


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Christopher G Roberts

(904) ***-**** - Jacksonville, FL 
(904) ***-**** - Jacksonville, FL 
() ***-**** - Jacksonville, FL 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Christopher G Roberts

f***************1@***.com


Get Email Report




Christopher G Roberts's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Christopher G Roberts


Christopher G Roberts's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Christopher G Roberts's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Christopher Roberts
Username Matches

                  ChristopherRoberts
                  RobertsChristopher
                  Christopher.Roberts
                  Roberts.Christopher
                  Christopher_Roberts
                  Roberts_Christopher
                  Christopher-Roberts
                  Roberts-Christopher
                  CRoberts
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
C Roberts







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














  Page not found































Stay Connected

Latest Posts in RSS

BusinessEntertainmentFeatured NewsFeatured Press ReleaseFinanceHealthLifestyleNationNon FirstPageOriginalPress ReleaseReviewShoppingSportsStocksTechnologyTravelWorld


Latest Comments in RSS


 / 













EmpoweredNews
World News Summary Helping You Stay Informed









Business
Finance
Sports
Entertainment
Health
Technology
Travel
Shopping




Our Writers
About Us
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Advertise
Press Releases





Oops! There was a 404 Error! Page Not Found.


Unfortunately the page you were looking for could not be found. Possibly you have done a typo error in the address or the page might have been removed from this website.




 Latest News 
EVP, CL&AO of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorpor (NASDAQ:VRTX), Parini Michael, sells 10,829 shares worth $1,743,469
CEO & President of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorpor (NASDAQ:VRTX), Leiden Jeffrey M, sells 184,374 shares worth $29,684,214
EVP GMDA, CMO of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorpor (NASDAQ:VRTX), Chodakewitz Jeffrey, sells 39,833 shares worth $6,413,113
EVP, Global Research and CSO of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorpor (NASDAQ:VRTX), Altshuler David, sells 28,979 shares worth $4,665,619
EVP\Chief Commercial Officer of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorpor (NASDAQ:VRTX), Arbuckle Stuart A, sells 89,400 shares worth $14,441,830
See Remarks of Aimmune Therapeutics (NASDAQ:AIMT), Sheehy Douglas T., sells 7,460 shares worth $161,558
SVP and General Counsel of NxStage Medical (NASDAQ:NXTM), Swan Winifred L, sells 3,500 shares worth $84,560
Chief Product Officer of Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), Cox Christopher K, sells 16,000 shares worth $2,628,483
Founder & Executive Chairman of Ellie Mae (NYSE:ELLI), Anderman Sigmund, sells 1,319 shares worth $144,958
Chief Financial Officer of Civitas Solutions (NYSE:CIVI), Holler Denis M., sells 5,300 shares worth $101,230

 


News Categories 
Business (7)

Stocks (15,517)



Entertainment (1,297)

Featured News (3,487)

Featured Press Release (251,094)

Finance (309)

Health (653)

Lifestyle (19)

Nation (90)

Non FirstPage (2)

Original (47)

Press Release (18)

Review (1)

Shopping (267)

Sports (613)

Technology (195)

Travel (286)

World (1,368)


  Featured Press Releases 
Global ECG (Electrocardiogram) Monitoring Equipment Sales Industry Report:  Sales Volume Market Share by Type and Application
Global Curling Equipments Sales Industry Report:  Sales Volume Market Share by Type and Application
Global Diagnostics PCR Sales Market Sales Volume (Million Units) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Analysis in a Latest Research Report
Global Concrete Saw Sales Market Sales Volume (Million Units) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Analysis in a Latest Research Report
Global Direct Water Dispensers Sales Industry Report:  Sales Volume Market Share by Type and Application
Global ECG (Electrocardiogram) Monitoring Equipment Sales Industry Report:  Sales Volume Market Share by Type and Application
Global Dual Voltage Comparator Sales Industry Report:  Sales Volume Market Share by Type and Application
Global Contact Prober Sales Industry Report:  Sales Volume Market Share by Type and Application
Global CT Contrast Injectors Sales Industry Report:  Sales Volume Market Share by Type and Application
Global Counter-IED Equipments Sales Industry Report:  Sales Volume Market Share by Type and Application






Photo Gallery



Bulletproof Helmet Market Review and Forecast 2017



PayPal Withdrawing Support For Kindle Fire, BlackBerry And Windows Phone



Revival Of Nashville Discussed



Brawl Erupts After Jose Bautista Downed By Rougned Odor Punch



VR Tour Offered Three Decades After Chernobyl Disaster



Kyle Busch Sweeps NASCAR Events At Martinsville





Business
Finance
Sports
Entertainment
Health
Technology
Travel
Shopping
 

About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Advertise
Press Releases
Terms Of Service
 
Log in 













Christopher G. Roberts – Producing Artistic Director, Steppingstone Theatre Company (2005-2006) «  Alliance for Inclusion in the Arts




































Alliance for Inclusion in the Arts




Donate





















Home
About
FAQs
Dialogue
Projects
Broadway Accessibility Initiative
In The News
Resources
Contact
Donate








Jaye Austin-Williams – Writer/Theatre Artist (2003)
Hilary Baack – Actor (2007)
Pun Bandhu – Actor/Broadway Producer (2007)
Lawrence Carter-Long – Director of Advocacy, Disabilities Network of NYC (2008)
Dawn Chiang – Lighting Designer (2002)
Brenda Ching – Executive Director, Screen Actors Guild Hawaii Branch (2004-2005)
Charles Dumas – Director, Acting in Media Program, Temple University (2005-2006)
Mike Ervin – Playwright & Disability Rights Activist (2002)
Peter Jay Fernandez – Actor (2005-2006)
Steve Gladstone – Actor/Screen Actors Guild Florida Branch President; Co-Chair, SAG   Performers with Disabilities Committee (2004-2005)
Diane Glancy – Writer/Professor (2008)
Fanni Green – Actor/Teacher/Playwright (2003)
Terry Gomez – Playwright/Actor/Director (2008)
Robert David Hall – Actor/National Chairman, SAG & AFTRA’s Performers with Disabilities   Committee; Board Member, National Organization on Disability (2004-2005)
Mark Hammer – Actor/Teacher (2007)
Craig J. Harris – Actor (2004)
Jake Hart – Actor (2008)
Stephen McKinley Henderson – Actor (2004-2005)
Anita Hollander – Actor (2003)
Monique Holt – Actor (2002)
Christine Toy Johnson – Actor (2002)
Joan Considine Johnson – Writer (2006-2007)
Aaron Kubey – Executive Director/President, National Theatre of the Deaf (2006-2007)
Oni Faida Lampley – Playwright/Actor (2003)
Robert Lee – Bookwriter/Lyricist; Faculty, NYU Tisch School of the Arts Graduate Musical    Theatre Writing Program; Artistic Associate, Theatre Royal Stratford East (2007)
Michael Lew – Playwright/Director (2005-2006)
Simi Linton, Phd. – Disability Arts Consultant (2002)
Jodi Long – Actor (2006-2007)
Eddie McGee – Actor/Filmmaker (2007)
Susan Marrash-Minnerly, MFA-Chair, Department of Communications/Associate     Professor of Theatre, West Virginia State University (2009)
Gregg Mozgala – Actor/Playwright (2005-2006)
Arnold Mungioli – Casting Director (2002)
Alan Muraoka – Actor/Director (2005-2006)
Edward Nakfoor – Retail/PR Consultant/Freelance Writer/Cultural Anthropologist (2003)
Timothy McCuen Piggee – Actor/Director (2004-2005)
Christopher G. Roberts – Producing Artistic Director, Steppingstone Theatre Company (2005-2006)
Pamela Sabaugh – Actor (2002)
Seret Scott – Director/Actor/Playwright (2003)
Rick Shiomi – Artistic Director, Artistic Director, Mu Performing Arts (2005-2006)
Marvin L. Sims (1948-2003) – President – Black Theatre Network  (2002)
Mimi Kenney Smith – Producing Artistic Director, Amaryllis Theatre Co.   Executive Director, VSA arts of Pennsylvania (2008)
Caridad Svich – Playwright (2007)
Susan Tsu – Costume Designer/Costume Professor, Carnegie Mellon University (2003)
Kenneth H. Washington – Director of Company Development, Guthrie Theater (2002)




Christopher G. Roberts – Producing Artistic Director, Steppingstone Theatre Company (2005-2006)

It is my belief that the entertainment industry within the realm of TV, film, and theatre, is currently in a state of artistic flux. That is to say that  the industry is being forced to recognize the human, cultural, and artistic significance of those individuals who have been  historically disenfranchised due to their not fitting into an “Industry Type.”
Before founding and becoming the artistic director of SteppingStone Theatre Company, (a New York City–based not-for-profit organization) I was both an actor and a teaching artist. Fresh out of grad school and  one year into the new millennium, I found myself auditioning, booking, working,  and finally—making a living at my craft. Nothing then was more satisfying to me than believing that it truly didn’t matter what color I was or that I had a visual impairment. All I knew was that it seemed as if I was being embraced by the industry and accepted for my differences. For why else,  would I book principal roles on HBO’s OZ and Sex in the City, or national network commercials if I wasn’t indeed being brought into the industry’s fold? It did not matter that I was 6’4”, 250lbs., grey-eyed, blind, and black—Oh, how my eyes  were wide shut then!
As an artist I was taught, learned, and then taught to others the importance  of unearthing the truth. Universal truths, personal  truths, and artistic truths. After leaving grad school, I was filled with  warm fuzzies about “the business” and was  prepared to share me and my craft with the world. What I didn’t know was that those warm fuzzies that I found security in  would later give way to some harsh realities of “the business.” One of the major realities is based and revolves around the dollar.
“Talent,” much less talent with a disability, is the last component considered for  any green-lighted project. What seems to be most important to the producing “powers that be” is the commercialibility of any entertainment endeavor. Simply put, it comes down to what the  powers that be erroneously believe will only, make money. Unfortunately, there  are those in the industry who are supremely ignorant to the vast untapped  resources of disabled people who collectively have immense financial viability.  What does the public want to see is a question best answered by truly holding the  mirror up to nature, not what a select few think nature should be. What will  the public pay to see? Perhaps, vibrant,  unapologetically human stories. Stories that have remained untold  and may not quite fit the cookie-cutter mold. Moreover, the current industry  is answering its own questions by thinking it must create archetypes that  they believe will secure popular and monetary success before securing  artistic integrity. Alas, I was not armed with this vital information.
In fact, after having some success and booking a number of mainstream gigs, more  and more auditions were offered to me. However something had changed,  something was different. It seemed as if I had reached a glass ceiling in “the business.” Was my previous success a fluke, or was there a tangible reason why I wasn’t even getting callbacks for what were then high-profile auditions?
I was forced to question the industry’s acceptance and embracement of me. Were the reasons why I booked the roles I did based on superficial needs of  the advertisers or individual shows? Was looking blind the only criteria for booking a particular gig? Was being the “big scary black dude” the perfect guy for the role? Did having talent matter?  Was  knowing and working on your craft enough? These unanswerable questions plagued me  for a time.
On March  26, 2004, two days before my 32nd birthday, I had a very awakening audition. After  giving what was, I thought, a solid reading for a pilot and being video taped,  Liz, a casting director, (from a major New York City casting office) did  something that was most unusual. I don’t know if it was that she felt a connection with me because we spoke as people, or that she felt sorry for me, or  she had a minute of weakness, and chose to be open if only for a moment. But the information she shared with me forever changed my view and understanding  about the industry.
As I sat in her chair, voices echoed in my head, “Man, I think you booked it. I think you booked it.” But nothing could have been further from the  truth. She looked at me and said, “Chris, you’re one of the finest actors I saw today, if not the best. But this spot will not go to you.” She  then went on to ask what was wrong with my eyes. After freely telling her why  my eyes were grey and what visual limitations I had, she went on to tell me  the following. “Chris, frankly, you look good on film, but people would have too many questions about your eyes and when you wear glasses you can’t even see your eyes.” After the moment hit me and the knot fell from my throat and began to fall deeper into my stomach, I asked, “Does it  really matter?” With all sincerity she said, “For these producers, it does. You’re just not what they see when they think of a lead.”  Momentarily shattered I said, “Thank you, I understand.” When really I didn’t and left. As if I needed to be constantly reminded of this new, painful realization, several days after that March afternoon, I  continued to audition. I went on audition after audition, with a much keener  understanding of how I was being perceived by the industry. I was able to detect  behavioral patterns from those who were uncomfortable by my vision or the color of  my eyes. If ignorance is bliss, then there are those in the industry who  truly live in the Garden of Eden. I then realized that it perhaps wasn’t a personal affront to me, or that they didn’t like my skills as an actor, but rather they wanted what they thought would guarantee them a hit or  some type of commercial success. And in their narrow uninformed view of the  world, a person who is blind or with any disability could not help secure that  kind of monetary success.
I tentatively shared my discovery with my agent, and told her flat out, “Not all blind people can play piano and sing like a bird.” I went on to say, “Please submit me for anything that is right for me, despite my vision.” Ann smiled and said, “Chris, you’re a sweetheart, but I’ll only submit your headshot for those projects where you can wear sunglasses or the role is exactly your type.” She went on to say, “Chris, it costs money to send these out. Let’s try to send it out to the ones you’ll have a chance at.” Sorely dissatisfied with that answer, I said, “Sure.” I knew then, that I would have to fearlessly forge my artistic career, in the fires of my sheer  determination.
As I got on the elevator, I realized that the industry sees me in one particular  light and accepts me only in certain conditions. It has become evident to me  that for true diversity in the industry to occur it must be able and willing to  accept its artists and their imperfections, for it is those imperfections that  make us all human. The industry must be willing to represent the human  experience in all its colors. Not only the ones we find comforting, but the ones that  make us think, pause, and hesitate to speak. Furthermore, the industry has  overlooked a huge cross-section of people in America. There are more than 55  million disabled individuals; this market has yet to be tapped. Additionally,  time is ushering along one of the richest generations ever—“The Baby-Boomers”—into a place where, every day, more and more of them are finding themselves with age-related ailments that shift them into  being a person with a disability. Those who are disabled directly reflect the  values of the society in which they live. The industry has a responsibility not  only to entertain, but to accurately and truthfully represent its populace.
Of course there are no easy answers to questions that  have lingered in the entertainment industry for decades. But within recent  years, there have been significant and slightly encouraging milestones that  have taken place in the industry. Though encouraging, the industry cannot and  must not rest on its laurels. Whether the Last Comic Standing has a disability, or an adored actor who has Parkinson’s is still working on television. Whether the lead for a romantic comedy is blind, or the popular show Law &  Order: Criminal Intent hires a large number of actors who are Deaf, for a recent episode, there must be more. The industry has got  to consistently go beyond an antiquated mindset of how it views people with disabilities. It is imperative that the industry overcome its ignorance  and fear of those whom they do not know or understand. Whether they know it or  not, we are them and they are us. There are more  things that make us alike than make us different. Moreover, those differences should  be celebrated and amplified, lifted up. Not put on the back shelf until it  suits the purpose of a particular entertaining whim. The industry can retain  artistic integrity by maintaining the intrinsic humanity of the art form. And in  so doing, monetarily capitalize on the celebration of humanity in its  varied forms.
Return to: National Diversity Forum Main Page







Video 

 Tweets by @InclusionArts


 
  Recent 

Casting Society & Inclusion Join Forces for Town Hall September 21


Commentary: In The UK and US, Bias Infects Theatre Reviews


Actors with Disabilities: Are You in Our Files?


 







© 2017 Alliance for Inclusion in the Arts









A Devoted Black Father Is Denied The Right To Parent His Own Children -- Because He Is Blind

















































650,000+ Fans and Followers:    




Home
Find a Job
Directory
Health Tips




 








Advertise | Submit News



 










Monday, May 4, 2015
A Devoted Black Father is Denied the Right to Parent His Own Children — Because He Is Blind
— Defying sterotypes, then shot down by a biased judge. —
Christopher G. Roberts, a blind father, and his children playing in the park.
New York, NY — The right of the natural parent to the care and custody of his or her child is considered a fundamental right in the United States. In spite of that, a New York Kings County Supreme Judge in Brooklyn has slammed the door on an American father’s right to parent is own children – solely it seems because he is blind. The judge, in this case, would insert “able” and in particular “sighted” in front of “natural parent.” “No vision, no children” sums up the Court’s decision, upturning decades of civil rights progress and common sense.







Despite Christopher G. Roberts serving as his son and daughter’s primary caretaker, when he found himself in front of Justice Eric I. Prus, the judge informed him that because the children were young (then 3 and 2), and Mr. Roberts was blind – the judge was concerned about the children being “protected from any hazard.” The judge told Mr. Roberts that it was important for “someone to be there” asserting that Mr. Roberts was less than a full person, not quite a “someone” in the judge’s eyes. Remarkably, the judge conditioned Mr. Robert’s time with his children be supervised by a sighted nanny who Mr. Roberts was to hire at his own expense. Even though Mr. Roberts was once a primary caretaker, the judge chose to allow him a scant seventeen (17) hours of time with his children – and then with each second “supervised.” Such is the horror that unfolded on May 9th, 2014.
Though we have become accustomed to – and even desensitized to – custody disputes as 50% of US marriages end in divorce; in this case there was no mud-slinging in May. In fact, Mr. Roberts’ wife never even had to testify nor say a word that day. Nor were there any records by any agency be it social services or the police, nor from the children’s pediatricians or teachers, suggesting that Mr. Robert’s children had ever been endangered because their father was blind. Interestingly enough, Mr. Roberts was a highly sought-after teacher in the arts where he has taught over 2,000 children from preschool through 12th grade in the NYC area. Instead of needing judicial rescue, Mr. Robert’s children were both well cared-for, gifted, living in Park Slope attending private pre-school – a lifestyle provided for by their blind father. Nonetheless, the judge ordered “family intervention” sending social services to the home – they found nothing – and ordered all of the children’s time with their father be “supervised” by a sighted nanny. Had Mr. Roberts been unable to pay for a sighted nanny he would have been unable to see his children – the children he had been raising – at all.
Somehow the fact that tens of thousands of blind parents raise their children every day without “sighted supervision” was lost to the judge. It is hard to tell how Mr. Roberts’ race (black) and gender (as the father, not the mother) played into his biased decision. Perhaps stereotypes about all of these traits continues to play a hand in this case.
The worldview undergirding the view that blind people are not capable of parenting takes us back to a dark time of US history where eugenics and moral laziness, prescribed involuntary sterilization for those persons deemed “lesser than” not fully “someone.”
Still in 2015, laws have had to be proposed from New York to South Carolina to ensure that blind parents’ children are not denied their natural parents even as an estimated 4 million parents with disabilities raise their children. To ensure that blind parents’ children are not denied custody because they are unsighted, laws have been proposed in a number of jurisdictions. In the NY state legislature in 2014, New York bill A09371 was introduced by then assembly-member Joan Millman to revise the Family Court Act to prohibit custody decisions solely on the basis of blindness. After the bill was introduced it was referred to the judiciary where no further action was taken. Also in 2014 assembly member Barbara Clark introduced bill A09223 to revise New York’s Domestic Relations Law to likewise prohibit custody decisions solely on the basis of blindness. Neither bill has been passed yet – but Mr. Robert’s case shows how crucial such legislation is sadly to simply preserve one of blind parents’ basic human rights – the right to the care and custody of one’s own natural children.
Almost a year has passed since Mr. Roberts’ parental rights were stripped – he remains resolved to fully restoring his parental rights. Though he was once a primary caretaker of his children, he now sees them for only 17 hours each week – even then his time is “supervised” by a sighted nanny who he has been ordered to employ. Mr. Roberts also remains physically blind, but many argue that it is the judge who cannot see.
 
About Christopher G. Roberts:
Christopher G. Roberts has over 23 years of experience in professional theatre. He is the Founder and Producing Artistic Director of Steppingstone Theatre Company (SSTC), a not-for-profit arts organization. He has an MFA degree in acting from Brooklyn College and a BA degree in theater from the University at Buffalo. As an actor, he has appeared on television in shows such as “OZ,” “Sex in the City,” “What Would You Do,” in national network commercials, as well as on several daytime dramas. In addition, his regional and international credits include Steppenwolf Theatre in Chicago, McCarter Theater in Princeton, New Jersey, Exile Theater in Northern Ireland and The Manhattan Theater Club.
Christopher is also a playwright; his first full-length play, Reflections of a Heart: The Isaac Woodard Story, was produced off-Broadway at The Clurmen Theatre in June 2010. During his tenure as a director and teacher for various arts institutions and public schools, he has taught over 2,000 children from grades pre-K through 12. Christopher was the Head Accessibility Consultant for Broadway productions such as: Finean’s Rainbow (’09), The Miracle Worker (‘10), and Catch Me If You Can (’11).
He is also a proud and active member of The Performers with Disabilities Guild and the National Federation of the Blind. Christopher is also featured with one of his two longtime mentors, Stephen McKinley Henderson, as well as with other various well known artists in the groundbreaking book, Acting Teachers of America: A Vital Tradition. Christopher was the Assistant Director for Julliard’s acclaimed production of August Wilson’s Joe Turner’s Come and Gone, directed by his other mentor, the late Israel Hicks. Christopher’s current and most important role to date is that of a loving and devoted father to his children.
 
Additional Information:
1) www.inclusioninthearts.org/projects/national-diversity-forum/opinion-pieces/christopher-g-roberts/
2) Parenting Without Sight: What Attorneys and Social Workers Should Know about Blindness:
www.nfb.org/images/nfb/publications/brochures/blindparents/parentingwithoutsight.html
3) Rocking the Cradle: Ensuring the Rights of Parents with Disabilities and Their Children:
www.ncd.gov/publications/2012/Sep272012/
4) Christopher Roberts with his children, 0-3 years old:
www.youtube.com/watch?v=rFG5KGEvK4o
 
PRESS CONTACT:
Chris Danielsen, NFB Press Director
cdanielsen@nfb.org
410-659-9314 x2330
Christopher G. Roberts
awesomeblinddad@gmail.com
917-375-3444
Twitter: @AwesomeBlindDad
  

 
 

SHARE THIS PAGE:
















Get the Latest Black News and Press Releases In Your Email FREE












 Your 
                  Email Address Here
   









 



 






HIGHLY RECOMMENDED - DOWNLOAD NOW:







Amazing Ebooks for African Americans from $0.99...





Top Black Empowerment Books for Just 99 Cents and up...








MOST POPULAR STORIES:









Melanie Dotson, Beautiful and Talented 22-Year Old News Reporter From Mississippi, Suddenly Dies














Black Couple Debuts Their New Burger Line on QVC














Actor Michael Ealy on “Barbershop 3,” “Think Like A Man 3,” and Why He Has Blue Eyes














Registered Nurse/ Entrepreneur’s “Milky Mama” Product Line Has Helped 10,000+ Breastfeeding Moms Make More Breastmilk














Master P’s Team Hope NOLA Celebrity Basketball Game Gives Back to the Community














‘Lean Belly Breakthrough’ – The Ultimate Method to Eliminate Belly Fat Permanently














21-Year Old Black College Student to Launch Unique Food Truck Concept That Does More Than Just Sell Food














It’s Time For This Black Entrepreneur’s Product to be Implemented into Every Elementary School Across the Country














Black-Owned Media Company Returns With 2nd Installment of its Award-Winning Animated Series That is Changing the Self-Perception of African American Children














African American Independent Filmmaker, Devin Haqq, Wins “Best Narrative Feature” Award at This Year’s American Black Film Festival (ABFF)














Psychologist Explains Why So Many Black Kids Are “Turning Gay” — And Guess What? Many Agree With What He Has To Say














Music Mogul Master P Gives Back In A Major Way to Help the Elderly in New Orleans














Phi Beta Sigma Fraternity, Inc. Set to Host Its Largest Conclave in Detroit, Michigan














Social Worker Turned Author Shares Powerful Lifelong Insights in New 3-Part Book Series














UMC – Urban Movie Channel Set to Debut New Original Series “The Rich and the Ruthless”














Top 2017 African-American, Minority and Diversity Summer Internship Programs














First Black-Owned Mobile Hair Salon Opens Second Location in the Washington, DC Area














New Book, “He Can’t Make You Happy,” By Life Coach Skip Bailey Tells Women Exactly What They Need to Hear














Every.Black Releases “The Anatomy of a Black Economic Movement” Video














Program Offering Discounted Grant Writing Services to Non-Profits and Faith-Based Organizations









 












ALSO TRENDING ON THE WEB: 
Work For The Wendy Williams Show...


Black-Owned Spa/Salon For Men Raises $200K After Being...


California's First African American Doctor...


Top 25 Scholarships For Women...


Woman Rejected by Airline Decides...


Top 5 Black-Owned Handbag Brands...


$8.8 Million for Women and Minority-Owned...


Black-Owned Toilet Paper, Mouthwash...


Black-Owned Restaurant Facing Boycott...


Government Ban For All Low Income....


Why Less Black Women Are Getting HIV...


Oprah Is Hiring! Internships and Jobs....



Web Directory:
 Black Art
Black Authors
Black Colleges
Black Doctors
Black Hair
Black Health
Black History
 Black Lawyers
Black Magazines
Black Models
Black Newspapers
Black Organizations
Black Scholarships
Black Singles










Advertise | Submit A Press Release | Privacy Policy

Follow us on: Twitter and Facebook

Also check out: HBCUconnect.com

Copyright 
                © 2001-2017 Dante Lee International | All Rights Reserved.




↑







CHRISTOPHER G ROBERTSON - MAINEVILLE, OH - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



OH



MAINEVILLE



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            CHRISTOPHER G ROBERTSON
                                    



 





















C 


CHRISTOPHER G ROBERTSON
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



8691 HEDGEROW LN MAINEVILLE, OH 45039
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $77,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts CHRISTOPHER G ROBERTSON






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Christopher G Robertson is located at 8691 Hedgerow Ln in Maineville and has been in the business of Business Services At Non-commercial Site since 2010. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Christopher G. Roberts - SSTC





    Christopher G. Roberts is a New York based actor and director who started his journey in the world of theatre twenty years ago.  His training began in small community based theatres in Brooklyn New York.  Following his path, Christopher went on  to earn his  Bachelor of Arts in Theatre from the University of Buffalo.  While there, he immersed himself in all areas of the performing arts.  Acting, Singing, Dancing, Writing and Directing were main staples in his undergraduate career.   Needing  and wanting to hone  his craft,  Christopher attended Brooklyn College to pursue his Masters of Fine Arts in Acting. After several years working as a Professional Actor and Master Teaching Artist, in theatres such as Manhattan Theatre Club, McCarter Theatre, Samuel Beckett Theatre, and Henry Street Theatre, Christopher was drawn to do his post-graduate work at The School at Steppenwolf’s Acting Program. So greatly inspired and viscerally touched by Steppenwolf and all that he experienced there, that upon his return to New York, he began to yearn for that level of Theatre Excellence, Love for the Craft and Unwavering Belief in the Ensemble. Thus to satiate that ever growing desire of his, he set out to create Steppingstone Theatre Company (SSTC); a theatre company dedicated to the ensemble and the unearthing of new and old stories to tell. 
 And so, Christopher began the process of gathering together other talented, multi-skilled and ensemble minded artists, to join him in the building of a new and vitally needed ensemble theatre company. That is, SteppingStone Theatre Company. As a playwright, Christopher has put pen to paper and written several one-act plays. He is thoroughly proud to have his first full length drama Reflections of a Heart to be the inaugural production for SSTC. Christopher feels blessed to have found his calling, and looks forward to many more years of carrying on the legacy, craft, and truth of the American Theatre. 
  
 









Cristophe - Prestigious Salons and Hair Products















































































































 






 





Beverly Hills310.274.0851310.274.0851
Las Vegas702.891.3339702.891.3339
Washington DC202.785.2222202.785.2222
Newport Beach949.219.0920949.219.0920
St. Barth+590.590.27.6363+590.590.27.6363
Shop
















































 


































				MENU							



Company

Careers
FAQs


Salons

Beverly Hills
Washington DC
Newport Beach
Las Vegas
St. Barth


Professional
Disclaimer

Terms & Condition
Privacy Policy
Shipping & Returns


Join Mailing List






