










 





Insider Trading - Robinson V Daniel II - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Robinson V Daniel II





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2017-01-03Option Award
2017-01-0412:48 pm
N/AN/A
Nbt Bancorp Inc
NBTB
Robinson V Daniel IIDirector
162
$0
8,834(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Fri, 28 Jul 2017 09:18:19 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  








﻿

Orange County Injury Lawyer - California Product Liability Attorney









































Home

About Our Firm

About Our Firm


About Our Firm
Our Attorneys
Choosing a Law Firm 
Our Blog
Resources




About Our Firm
Case Development
Attorney Referrals
Community Involvement
Awards & Accolades
Publications
In the News
Memberships




Mark P. Robinson, Jr.Sole Shareholder
Allan F. Davis
Scot D. Wilson
Kevin F. Calcagnie
Daniel S. Robinson
Shannon M. Lukei
Jeoffrey L. Robinson

Michelle M. West





Jennifer M. Collins
Paul A. Dagostino
Patrick B. Embrey
Cynthia L. Garber
Nicholas A. George
Karen L. Karavatos
Conor M. Kelly
Danielle M. Mayer
Genevieve R. Micek
Henry Y. Pan
Robert M. Partain
Dalton B. Phillips
Wesley K. Polischuk
Amanda C. Robinson
 








Practice Areas

Practice Areas

The law firm of Robinson Calcagnie, Inc. represents clients injured in accidents due to the following:

Vehicle Accidents
Automotive Defects
Bus Accidents
Defective Airbags
Defective Roadways
GM Ignition Switch Defect
Pedestrian Accidents
Roadway Design
SUV Rollovers
Truck Accidents
Aviation Accidents


Unfair or Fraudulent Business Practices

Catastrophic Injuries
Amputation Injury
Spinal Cord Injury
Traumatic Brain Injury
Wrongful Death
Class Actions
Data Breach Attorneys
Volkswagen Emissions Fraud
Workplace Accident Lawyers
Construction Site Accidents
Products Liability
Asbestos


Dangerous Drugs
Actos® Bladder Cancer



Risperdal®

Talcum Powder
Testosterone Heart Attacks & Clots
Xarelto® (Rivaroxaban)





Dangerous Medical Devices


Stryker Rejuvenate & ABG II Modular Hip Stem Devices
DePuy ASR & Pinnacle Hip Implants
Proton Pump Inhibitors
Morcellator Lawsuit
Transvaginal Mesh & Vaginal Sling Implants
Caldera Transvaginal Mesh







Case Results

Case Results

The following is a partial listing of Verdicts, Judgments and Settlements obtained by the attorneys at Robinson Calcagnie, Inc. See Full List »

$4.9 billionDefective Vehicle Design
$3.3 billionTobacco Litigation
$600 MillionPharmaceutical Injury
$260 MillionPharmaceutical Injury
$128 MillionFuel System Fire
$103 MillionPharmaceutical Injury
$73 MillionPharmaceutical Injury
$69 MillionPharmaceutical Injury
$51 MillionPrescription Drug Injury
$45 MillionUnfair Business Practices
$30.8 MillionSki Lift Maintenance Accident

$22.5 MillionMotor Vehicle Accident
$22 MillionMotor Vehicle Accident
$18.3 MillionMotor Vehicle Accident
$15 MillionSeatbelt Failure






Videos

Videos

Please visit our video library for more videos featuring Robinson Calcagnie, Inc. News, Events and Case Studies. See All Videos »

Mark P. Robinson Receives Award
Client Testimonial
Dan Robinson on KTLA
Proudly Supporting Project Self





Contact Us





















































































 





 






Fighting For The Civil Jury Trial




Mark Robinson and Chief Justice



Client Testimonial; Personal Injury



Representing The Individual



Access To Justice



Daniel Robinson On KTLA


Cases

Personal Injury

Auto / Trucking Accidents
Catastrophic Injuries
Dangerous Premises
Defective Roadways
GM Vehicle Defects
Unsafe &amp Defective Products
Wrongful Death




Drugs & Medical Devices

Actos® Bladder Cancer
Depuy ASR/Pinnacle Failures
Risperdal® Gynecomastia

Stryker Rejuvenate/ABG II Failures
Testosterone Heart Attacks and Clots
Transvaginal Mesh / Sling Failures
Yaz® / Yasmin® / Ocella® Blood Clots





Class Action

Data Breach Attorneys
False Advertising
Privacy Violations
Qui Tam / Whistleblower
Respa Violations
Unfair Business Practices
Wage & Hour Violations




Business Litigation

Breach of Contract
Fiduciary Duty
Fraud
Intellectual Property

Misappropriation
Partner Disputes







------  Robinson Calcagnie, Inc. has been featured on  ------































Expertise, Professionalism, Experience
The law firm of Robinson Calcagnie, Inc. has established a reputation throughout the country as one of the nation’s leading personal injury, products liability, and business litigation law firms.

Who We Are
Robinson Calcagnie, Inc. is one of the nation’s leading personal injury, products liability and business litigation law firms. Our lawyers have represented thousands of public entities, businesses and individuals in cases where fraud, negligence, malfeasance or corporate irresponsibility have caused property damage, wrongful death, personal injury or significant business losses. Our firm also serves as co-counsel in individual suits and class actions. To speak to an attorney about your particular situation, don’t hesitate to call (888) 701-1288.


History of Success
Since 1978, when senior partner Mark P. Robinson, Jr. served as plaintiff’s co-counsel in the landmark Ford Pinto gas tank fire case, Grimshaw v. Ford Motor Company, Robinson Calcagnie, Inc. has obtained dozens of multi-million dollar settlements, jury verdicts and judgments. Some of these nationally recognized cases include a $128 million verdict against Ford Motor Company; a $4.9 billion verdict against General Motors (GM); a $31 million verdict in a work related accident; a $45 million settlement in a business fraud case; and a $51 million verdict against a drug manufacturer.


Dedicated to Seeking Justice
Our clients are our priority and we strive to obtain favorable outcomes in every case. Through detailed investigation, thorough preparation and an unyielding commitment to the truth, our attorneys ensure that the appropriate evidence and facts are revealed.
If you or a loved one has suffered injuries and/or other losses as the result of another’s negligence or wrongdoing, you may be able to take legal action against the at-fault party. The time to file a claim is limited, so it’s important to make an informed decision as soon as possible. We can help you understand your legal rights and options to help you make an appropriate decision regarding filing a claim. Contact us today for a free case evaluation.







How We Can Help

Developing Your Case
When cases involve unique and complex issues or significant injuries and damages, the ultimate result is often dependent upon the amount of time and resources a law firm can expend on case work-up.



Attorney Referrals
Robinson Calcagnie, Inc. frequently works with other law firms and lawyers, whether formally associated as co-counsel, or pursuant to Rule 2-200 of the California Rules of Professional Conduct.



Practice Areas
The law firm of Robinson Calcagnie, Inc. is an established leader in product liability litigation and personal injury law. Our team of experienced attorneys have represented clients in over 30 states.



Community Involvement
Robinson Calcagnie, Inc. believes in giving back to the community. We support charities like the Orange County Bar Foundation (OCBF), "Project SELF" and "Backpacks for Success!"





How We Can Help
Awards & Accolades
Memberships
In the News



Awards & Accolades
Robinson Calcagnie, Inc. is made up of an elite group of highly recognized and experienced attorneys.
      Below are a few of the organizations and publications that have recognized them as one of the top firms in the country. Click on each logo for more information.
   



























Memberships
Robinson Calcagnie, Inc. has achieved membership into several professional organizations.
         Membership invitation is often only extended based on Experience,
         Industry Recognition, Professional Conduct and Peer Nominations.
      















In the News
8/2016
                  Jury Awards San Bernardino Man $46 Million for Leg Amputatio...               
5/2016
                  Partner Daniel Robinson offers tips on how to file documents...               
3/2016
                  $39.5 Million Settlement Approved in St. Joseph Health Syste...               
2/2016
                  Jury Awards Injured Worker $2 Million in Damages For Skyligh...               
2/2016
                  Robinson Calcagnie, Inc. Partner Daniel S. Robinson Appointe...               
12/2015
                  Jury Delivers $1.3 million Verdict and Strong Safety Message...               
11/2015
                  Mark P. Robinson, Jr. Receives CAOC Edward I. Pollack Award ...               
11/2015
                  Robinson Calcagnie, Inc. Receives Top Ranking in U.S. News &...               














Orange County Office
19 Corporate Plaza Drive
Newport Beach, California 92660
Directions

Phone: (949) 720-1288
                     Toll Free: (888) 701-1288
                     Fax: (949) 720-1292
                  



















Send us a private, no obligation message for a FREE case evaluation.

 



 











Copyright © 2017, Robinson Calcagnie, Inc.
Disclaimer: Prior results, testimonials or endorsements do not constitute a guarantee, warranty or prediction regarding the outcome of your legal matter.
Privacy Policy | Blog | Site Map

















Robinson V Daniel II, BizPedia.xyz - We monitor changes in companies





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






Robinson V Daniel II


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in Robinson V Daniel II.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | Filings (4)
CIK Number: 0001693219


Earliest known filing
December 2016
Latest known filing
May 2017




Company filings
SEC filings are a great source of information for companies including investments, company events, and all sorts of other information. 
Robinson V Daniel II has 4 filings. View Robinson V Daniel II filings.
Similar companiesRobinsons Retail Holdings, Inc./ADR, Robinsons Land Corporation/ADR, Robinson, Tigue, Sponcil & Associates, LLC, Robinson, Stephen John, ROBINSON WINFIELD F, Robinson William W Jr., ROBINSON WILLIAM W, ROBINSON WILLIAM S, ROBINSON WILLIAM L, Robinson William John, ROBINSON WILLIAM J, Robinson William H, Robinson William G Jr, Robinson William E, Robinson William D, ROBINSON WILLIAM C, ROBINSON WILLIAM A, ROBINSON WES, Robinson Wayne F, ROBINSON WARREN L, ROBINSON W BRENT, ROBINSON VICTORIA S, ROBINSON VAN NESS D, Robinson Value Management, Ltd., Robinson Travis K, ROBINSON TRACY, ROBINSON TONYA, ROBINSON TODD P, ROBINSON TODD A, ROBINSON TIMOTHY G, ROBINSON TIMOTHY C, Robinson Thomas H, Robinson Thomas Eugene, ROBINSON THOMAS E, ROBINSON THOMAS C, Robinson Thomas A, ROBINSON THOMAS, Robinson Tessle, ROBINSON TERRY L, Robinson Terence, Robinson Taylor K, Robinson T Lee Jr, Robinson Susan Ann, ROBINSON STEWART W, ROBINSON STEVEN, ROBINSON STEVEN, ROBINSON STEVE, Robinson Stephen W., ROBINSON STEPHEN S, Robinson Stephen Michael














BizPedia.xyz collect news, financial information, SEC filings, stock information, contact information, personal information, information about investments, etc. about Robinson V Daniel II. 







V Daniel  Robinson II - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











V Daniel  Robinson II
Check out list of companies and businesses related to V Daniel  Robinson II. Find out V Daniel  Robinson II address and contact details. View other people related to V Daniel  Robinson II - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

52 SOUTH BROAD STREET  NORWICH 13815 NY




Companies related to V Daniel  Robinson II
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0000790359NBT BANCORP INCDirector 52 S. BROAD STREET  NORWICH 13815




V Daniel  Robinson II on the Web
Persons related to V Daniel  Robinson II - NBT BANCORP INCNamePositionCityRonald M  BentleyPresident of Retail Banking NORWICHTimothy  BrennerEVP & President Wealth Mgmt ORCHARD PARKTimothy  BrennerEVP & President Wealth Mgmt NORWICHMICHAEL J  CHEWENSSr EVP & CFO MICHAEL J  CHEWENSSr EVP & CFO NORWICHRICHARD  CHOJNOWSKIDirector NORWICHPATRICIA T  CIVILDirector NORWICHTIMOTHY E  DELANEYDirector MAYFIELDTIMOTHY E  DELANEYDirector NORWICHMARTIN A  DIETRICHDirector NORWICHJames H  DouglasDirector NORWICHMatthew K  DurkeeNORWICHDARYL R  FORSYTHEDirector NORWICHGENE E  GOLDENZIELDirector NORWICHPETER B DDS  GREGORYDirector NORWICHWILLIAM C  GUMBLEWILLIAM C  GUMBLEDirector NORWICHSarah A  HallidayNORWICHPAUL D  HORGERDirector NORWICHMICHAEL H  HUTCHERSONDirector NORWICHJANET H  INGRAHAMDirector NEW BERLINJANET H  INGRAHAMDirector NORWICHAndrew S  Kowalczyk IIIDirector NORWICHANDREW S  KOWALCZYK JRDirector NORWICHJEFFREY M  LEVYEVP/ Pres Commercial Banking NORWICHJOHN C  MITCHELLDirector NORWICHMICHAEL M  MURPHYDirector NORWICHJOSEPH G  NASSERDirector NORWICHWILLIAM L  OWENSDirector NORWICHWILLIAM L  OWENSDirector PLATTSBURGHF SHELDON  PRENTICEEVP,General Counsel,Secretary BURLINGTONF SHELDON  PRENTICEEVP,General Counsel,Sec'y NORWICHDAVID E  RAVENPresident of Retail Banking NORWICHV Daniel  Robinson IIDirector NORWICHVAN NESS D  ROBINSONDirector NORWICHMatthew J  SalangerDirector NORWICHJOSEPH A  SANTANGELODirector NORWICHLOWELL A  SEIFTERDirector JAMESVILLELOWELL A  SEIFTERDirector NORWICHLOWELL A  SEIFTERDirector NORWICHPAUL M  SOLOMONDirector NORWICHPAUL M  SOLOMONDirector NORWICHJoseph R  StaglianoNORWICHPAUL O  STILLMANDirector NORWICHRobert A  WadsworthDirector NORWICHJOHN H  WATT JREVP,President of NBT Bank, N.A PITTSFORDJACK H  WEBBDirector FAYETTEVILLEJACK H  WEBBEVP - Strategic Support NORWICHJACK H  WEBBEVP,Strategic Support NORWICH












 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











V. Daniel Robinson II: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg










































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:18 AM ET
Insurance

Company Overview of New York Central Mutual Fire Insurance Company Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
V. Daniel Robinson IIChief Executive Officer and President, New York Central Mutual Fire Insurance Company Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 3 different industries.See Board Relationships60--
Background

		Mr. V. Daniel Robinson, II has been President and Chief Executive Officer of New York Central Mutual Fire Insurance Company Inc. since 2002. Mr. Robinson served as Chief Executive Officer and President of automobile insurer A. Central Insurance Company since 1999. He served as a Vice President and Director of A.F. Stager Independent Adjustors, since 1999 and 1991 respectively. Mr. Robinson has been a Director of NBT Bank, N.A. since March 2008. He has been a Board Member ... of New York Central Mutual Fire Insurance Company Inc. since 1986. He has been a Director of NBT Bancorp Inc. since December 2016. He served as a Board Member of automobile insurer A. Central Insurance Company since 1999. Mr. Robinson earned his bachelor’s degree in marketing from St. Bonaventure University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
1899 Central Plaza EastEdmeston, New York 13335United StatesPhone: 607-965-8321Fax: 607-965-2712
Board Members Memberships
DirectorNBT Bank, National Association2016-PresentDirectorNBT Bancorp Inc.
Education
Bachelor's Degree St. Bonaventure University
Other Affiliations
NBT Bancorp Inc.NBT Bank, National AssociationSt. Bonaventure University


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact New York Central Mutual Fire Insurance Company Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Robinson Crusoe (I/II) [French] by Daniel Defoe (Paperback) - Lulu




















































































                                        All
                                    

                                        Bookstore
                                    

                                        Knowledge Base
                                    

















Shop






                    Robinson Crusoe (I/II) [French]
                


By Daniel Defoe 





                                                                                                                                                                                Paperback, 280 Pages
                    









                                    This item has not been rated yet                            





Preview





List Price:

                                                    $9.97
                                                


Price:

                                                    $4.99
                                                                            


You Save:
$4.98
( 50% )



Prints in 3-5 business days

Hint: You can preview this book by clicking on "Preview" which is located under the cover of this book.

About the author:

Daniel Defoe (/ˌdænjəl dᵻˈfoʊ/; c. 1660 – 24 April 1731), born Daniel Foe, was an English trader, writer, journalist, pamphleteer, and spy, most famous for his novel Robinson Crusoe. Defoe is noted for being one of the earliest proponents of the novel, as he helped to popularise the form in Britain with others such as Samuel Richardson, and is among the founders of the English novel. He was a prolific and versatile writer, producing more than five hundred books, pamphlets, and journals on various topics, including politics, crime, religion, marriage, psychology, and the supernatural. He was also a pioneer of economic journalism.Daniel Foe (his original name) was probably born in Fore Street in the parish of St. Giles Cripplegate, London.
Excerpt from: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daniel_Defoe








Add to Cart










Embed










Ratings & Reviews |
                    Product Details








Ratings & Reviews
Log in to review this item





Log in to rate this item











You must be logged in to post a review.
                Please log in


There are no reviews for the current version of this product

Refreshing...





> Find Reviews for Previous Versions



There are no reviews for previous versions of this product


Refreshing...



To report this review as inappropriate, please complete this short form.



Email Address *




First Name



Last Name



Additional Comments




Report





Product Details

Copyright
Standard Copyright License
Edition
First Edition
Publisher
Classics Publishing
Published
    June 8, 2016

Language
French
Pages
280
Binding
Perfect-bound Paperback
Interior Ink
Black & white
Weight
        0.41 lbs.    
Dimensions (inches)
        6 wide x 9 tall    

Report This Content to Lulu >











Moderation of Questionable Content
Thank you for your interest in helping us moderate questionable content on Lulu. If you need assistance with an order or the publishing process, please contact our support team directly.
How does this content violate the Lulu Membership Agreement?


Selection
Privacy Violation and/or Defamation
Infringes my Trademark
Infringes my Copyright
Not Fit for General Access
Infringes a Well-Known Work
Violates the Membership Agreement in another way




Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice Form
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") is a United States copyright law that provides guidelines for online service providers in case of copyright infringement. Below is the information that should be present in these notices. It is designed to make submitting notices of alleged infringement to us as straightforward as possible while reducing the number of notices that we receive that are fraudulent or difficult to understand or verify. The form of notice specified below is consistent with the DMCA, which can be found at the U.S. Copyright Office website, http://www.copyright.gov.
To file a notice of infringement with us, you must provide us with the items specified below. Please note that you will be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) if you materially misrepresent that the material is infringing your copyright. Accordingly, if you are not sure whether material infringes your copyright, we suggest that you first contact an attorney.
This notice and any attachments we receive will be forwarded to the alleged infringer, who will then have the opportunity to file a counter notification pursuant to Sections 512(g)(2) and (3) of the DMCA. Should a properly filed counter notification be filed, you will be notified and have 10 business days within which to file for a restraining order in Federal Court to prevent the reinstatement of the material.
* Denotes a required field. All required fields must be filled out for us to be able to process your form.



From our Membership Agreement
"Lulu is a place where people of all ages, backgrounds, experience, and professions can publish, sell, or buy creative content such as novels, memoirs, poetry, cookbooks, technical manuals, articles, photography books, children's books, calendars, and a host of other content that defies easy categorization. We help people distribute information and art spanning a wide range of subject matter while providing a safe, friendly, respectful, and serious site for all content creators. Since our community serves a broad range of ages, we do not encourage content that could make a majority of our users uncomfortable."
If you are sure that this product is in violation of acceptable content as defined in the agreement or that it does not meet our guidelines for General Access, please fill out the form below. It will then be reviewed by Lulu Staff to determine the next course of action.



First Name *

First Name is required.


Last Name *

Last Name is required.


Title



Organization



Address 

Address is required.


Country *

Country is required.


Email Address *

Email Address is required.
Email Address is invalid.


Phone Number 



Description *

Description is required.


Your Copyrighted Work *
Identify in sufficient detail the copyrighted work that you believe has been infringed upon (for example, "The copyrighted work at issue is the image that appears on http://www.lulu.com/####") or other information sufficient to specify the copyrighted work being infringed.

required field


Location of Infringing Material
Identify each web page that allegedly contains infringing material. This requires you to provide the URL for each allegedly infringing result, document or item.
http://www.lulu.com/shop/daniel-defoe/robinson-crusoe-iii-french/paperback/product-22741607.html


Sworn Statements
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above as allegedly infringing is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.

Please check to confirm *
required field


I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Please check to confirm                                *
required field


Signature
Date (MM/DD/YYYY) *

Date (MM/DD/YYYY) is required.


Signature *

Signature is required.
(Your digital signature is as legally binding as a physical signature. If you use a digital signature, your signature must exactly match the First and Last names that you specified earlier in this form)

This form does not constitute legal advice and nothing that you read or are provided on this web site should be used as a substitute for the advice of competent legal counsel.



I wish to be contacted with the results of the investigation.


* required field


Submit






Lulu abides by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), which governs how we are to treat claims of copyright infringement. If someone believes in good faith that a Lulu Account Holder has infringed their copyright, they can request that we take down the infringing material by filing a DMCA Notice. To file a DMCA Notice with Lulu, click on the button "Continue".
We reserve the right to ignore a Notice that is not in compliance with the DMCA. When a clear and valid Notice is received pursuant to the guidelines, we will respond by either taking down the allegedly infringing content or blocking access to it, and we may also contact you for more information.
If you are not the copyright holder or its agent and if the content is clearly infringing the copyright of a well-known work, please select "Infringes a well-known work" from the dropdown menu.


Continue





Your notification has been sent
Lulu Staff has been notified of a possible violation of the terms of our Membership Agreement. Our agents will determine if the content reported is inappropriate or not based on the guidelines provided and will then take action where needed.
Thank you for notifying us. We will email you with the results and/or actions taken as a result of the investigation if you chose to receive confirmation.


OK




We were unable to complete your request.
We were unable to complete your request.


OK






Keywords

adventure,                atlantic,                castaways,                character,                crusoe,                daniel,                defoe,                fiction,                fictitious,                fr,                i/ii,                islands,                jeunesse,                ocean,                robinson,                shipwreck,                stories,                survival 
Listed In

 General,
    
 Fiction


More From     
                                Daniel Defoe                    










                                    Rebilius Cruso: Robinson...
                    

By Daniel Defoe 

            Paperback:        

$7.90
$3.95







                                    History of the Plague in...
                    

By Daniel Defoe 

            Paperback:        

$9.66
$4.83







                                    Robinson Crusoe -- in...
                    

By Daniel Defoe 

            Paperback:        

$6.89
$3.45







                                    The King of Pirates...
                    

By Daniel Defoe 

            Paperback:        

$7.06
$3.53
















Age Verification
The page you are attempting to access contains content that is not intended for underage readers.


Please verify your birth date to continue.



Month
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December


Day
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31


Year
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924
1923
1922
1921
1920
1919
1918


























Welcome to Lulu!
        We notice you are using a browser version that we do not support. For you to have the best experience on Lulu.com, we recommend using the current versions of Firefox, Chrome, Safari, or upgrading to Internet Explorer 9 		(or higher).
        Ok



















 V Daniel Robinson II NEW YORK CENTRAL MUTUAL FIRE, EDMESTON, NY contact, rating, reviews, and quotes















Home
About
Contact
Agent Signup
Login







Facebook
Twitter
Google+
888.677.3869
contact@insurancelevel.com




 



   








Companies COMPETE











-- Select Quote Type --
Auto Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Home Insurance
Business Insurance






BEGIN YOUR QUOTE






V Daniel Robinson II - NEW YORK CENTRAL MUTUAL FIRE

Insurance Agent Directory
NY

Edmeston Insurance 
New York Central Mutual Fire









Start Saving Today








-- Select Quote Type --
Auto Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Home Insurance
Business Insurance



Get Quotes Now > >



 







V Daniel Robinson II Reviews & Ratings


  
	
	  Be the first to rate this agent.
	


Rate & review
		V Daniel Robinson II
	   



Agency Description:

V Daniel Robinson II is listed with the title of Chief Executive Officer and has a profile that has been viewed more than 139 times.
The business is listed as having 
	1-15  
		  employees 
	  
		  with revenue in the 100 to 500 mil range
	  .








 Claim this listing





















Agent: V Daniel Robinson II
 NEW YORK CENTRAL MUTUAL FIRE
Address: 1899 CENTRAL PLZ E
 EDMESTON, NY 13335-1828






Phone: (607)965-8321
Fax: (607)965-2712




Share this page:



 


 


 


  

















Reviews of V Daniel Robinson II - Insurance Agent


There aren't any reviews of V Daniel Robinson II.
Add your Rating and Review





Loading












