

Antimicrobial Activity of Silver Products (Jan 2015) Townsend Letter, Alternative Medicine Magazine








 

 
 





  
 
 
 
 
 
 







From the Townsend Letter
January 2015





Order this issue! 
The  Antimicrobial Activity of Selected Silver Products: Retracted May 2015
by Robert Rowen, MD; Dennis Harper, DC; and Richard Robison, PhD












Share this article...















The paper is hereby retracted; all references to this article must  show that it is officially retracted with the publication of the May 2015 issue  of the Townsend Letter.
The antimicrobial activity of  a group of silver-based products was assessed by comparing their ability to  kill MRSA (methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus  aureus). Silver has been used for decades for  its known antimicrobial effects.1–4 Since many silver-based products  have made claims of superiority over other brands, two eminent oxidation  therapy specialists, Dr. Dennis Harper and Dr. Robert Rowen, recognized the  value of conducting an independent and unbiased study that would definitively  assess the antimicrobial efficacy of several well-recognized silver products.  To this end, they contacted Dr. Richard Robison, a microbiologist with many  years of experience in disinfection and infection control. The product  identities were not disclosed prior to testing.   
Purpose: The core purpose of every silver-based health product is to kill  pathogenic microorganisms. In this initial study conducted at a major  university laboratory, the kill rates of five silver-based products on a common  and feared microorganism, MRSA, a deadly pathogen responsible for killing  thousands of people each year worldwide, were determined.
Methods: Rowen and Harper acquired five silver-based products by purchase  through normal retail channels. Harper's acquisitions were shipped to Rowen,  who then blinded all five original bottles and randomly labeled each with  letters A through E. Rowen alone kept key codes for identifying the products.  He sent the blinded products directly to the microbiology lab. Neither Harper  nor Rowen was informed of the antimicrobial testing results. The test results  were sent directly from the microbiology lab to George Gaboury, president of  the San Francisco Tesla Institute, a grassroots organization that promotes the  advancement and greater public awareness of science. After receiving the test  results, Gaboury was independently sent the key codes by Rowen. Gaboury then  matched the lab results to the specific products A through E, in public at a  scheduled meeting of the Tesla society. The actual lab test results were  reported to the group by Gaboury in an unaltered format.
      
  Each  product was evaluated on the same day, by the same technician, using the same  test organism suspension. A suspension test was used, similar to that described  by March et al.5 Briefly, the test suspension was prepared by  growing a 5 ml culture of MRSA organisms, ATCC 43300, in nutrient broth at 37 °C for 24  hours. The 5 ml culture was pelleted by centrifugation, washed with 5 ml  sterile 18 MΩ purified water, centrifuged again, and resuspended in a final  volume of 1 ml sterile purified water. This produced a suspension containing  about 2.97 billion organisms/ml. A 9.9 ml aliquot of each test product was  added to a 50 ml polypropylene sterile centrifuge tube. Tubes were equilibrated  in a 20 °C water bath. Then, 0.1 ml of the MRSA test suspension was added to  each tube at time 0. After a 2-minute contact time, 1 ml of this  disinfectant/MRSA mixture was added to 9 ml of neutralizer solution. The tube  was mixed thoroughly and allowed to sit for 2 minutes. The neutralized  suspension was then serially diluted in 9 ml blanks of physiological saline  solution (PSS). The number of viable organisms in selected dilution tubes was  assayed by membrane filtration. One ml aliquots were plated in triplicate. The  membranes were washed with about 100 ml of sterile PSS and removed to Columbia  Agar plates. The plates were incubated at 37 °C for 24 and 48 hours. The number of colonies on  each filter was counted, and log reduction and percent kill values for each  product were computed. Titers of the MRSA test suspension were computed and  appropriate neutralizer and sterility controls were performed.
Results: There was a highly significant difference between the five  formulations, in their ability to kill MRSA in 2 minutes. Log reduction [(-Log(S/S0);  where S = concentration of viable organisms after the specified contact time;  and S0= the initial concentration of viable organisms at time 0] and  percent kill [(1-(S/S0)) ×100] values can be seen in Table 1 (p.  74). One silver product, Solution C, was found to be approximately 4000 times  more effective in antimicrobial activity than the second most effective  silver-based product, Solution A, and approximately 1,000,000 times more  powerful in antimicrobial activity than Solutions B, D, and E.
      
  The  complete study, including testing methods and results, can be requested by  e-mail; contact information is listed at the end of this report.

Discussion: Dennis Harper, DC, ND, and founder of O3 Medical Services, specialist  in ozone and vitamin treatment, stated: "ACS 200 Extra Strength could change  the landscape in significantly strengthening antibiotics for fighting bacterial  infections quickly and effectively. I was challenged by my fellow peers to find  the best silver product, and up until now, no one had independently tested the  comparative bacterial kill rates on a range of silver-based solutions. These  results could pave the way for more effective patient treatment."
      
  Rowen  and Harper have taught at ACAM's oxidation workshop, where many questions arose  regarding conflicting data from various silver companies. These questions led  to performing this independent study. Rowen says, "Until now it was a difficult  process sorting out information attached to various silver products. We [Harper  and Rowen] consulted with Dr. Richard Robison (professor of microbiology) about  designing a valid test. He advised, "'You are attempting to kill microorganisms  with silver, so keep it simple with a standard kill test performed in an  identical manner on the various products, a test which will demonstrate if the  products actually do what you desire them to do.'" 
      
  The kill rate effectiveness was assessed with a contact time of 2  minutes and the results are expressed as both log reductions and percent kill.  For accuracy, plating on each dilution was performed in triplicate. Rowen says,  "For the layman, who might not understand the significance of logarithmic  reduction, consider the Richter scale of earthquake magnitude, which is  expressed in a log format. A 7.0 earthquake is 10 times more powerful than a  6.0. A 6.0 earthquake is 1000 times more powerful than a 3.0. As revealed in  this study, Solution C (ACS 200 Extra Strength) had a log reduction of 6.35,  compared with that of the second best product at 2.74. Solution C (ACS 200  Extra Strength) had greater than 3.61 log kill over the closest competitor,  representing a 4,000 times greater kill than Solution A. Solution C (ACS 200  Extra Strength) had a percent kill rate of 99.999955%, which was close to  complete kill of the test suspension (over 20 million MRSA organisms) within 2  minutes."
      
  How  does this research affect you and me? Harper added, "We cannot make  broad-stroke conclusions about any particular product based on the results of a  single study, and believe it would be inappropriate to do so. In partnership,  we will continue to fund further independent studies to reinforce the  consistency of these truly amazing results. At the present, we have identified  a highly effective silver-based solution which, when administered with  antibiotics, should provide far superior patient outcomes. These test results  are readily available to anyone who wants to contact me and find out more."
      
  Rowen  commented, "One must appreciate the log scale. Let's start with 2,970,000,000  (2.97 billion) organisms. The initial dilution caused by mixing the organism  with the disinfectant, gives us 29.7 million organisms/ml at time zero.  Exposure to the second best product caused a 2.74 log reduction (a 99.82% kill)  in viable organisms, leaving over 10,000 living MRSA organisms. The product  that caused a 6.35 log reduction (99.999955% kill) left less than 3 viable  organisms. The other three products left over 2.5 million living MRSA  organisms, in the given time period of exposure. This is simply too huge a difference  to ignore, and begs that follow-up studies be conducted. This may be a huge  breakthrough in the management of infection, especially in the light that  silver is synergistic with oxidation therapy."    
      
  Rowen  has been intensely involved as a clinician in oxidation therapy since 1986. He  currently serves as ACAM's oxidation workshop chairman and teaches oxidation  therapy seminars. He practices in Santa Rosa, California. Harper has been  practicing ozone therapy for many years and practices in Orofino, Idaho.  He recently joined the ACAM oxidative  workshop teaching staff.
For more  information on data and medical issues please contact:
              Dennis Harper, DC,  ND        
              O3 Medical Services
              10620 Highway 12
              Orofino, Idaho 83544
drharperoz1@gmail.com

              Robert Rowen, MD
              200 County Center Dr. Ste C
              Santa Rosa, California 95472
drrowen@att.net

              Richard A. Robison, PhD
              Professor  and Chair, Department of Microbiology and Molecular Biology
              4007-B LSB
              Brigham Young University
              Provo, Utah 84602
              Office: 801-422-2416


For more information on ACS 200 Extra Strength contact: 
                Results RNA
www.resultsrna.com
                1-888-823-3869


Notes 
              1.      Ip M, Lui SL, Poom VKM, Lung I, Burd A. 2006. Antimicrobial activities  of silver dressings: an in vitro comparison. J  Med Microbiol. 55:59–63.
              2.      Kim J, Kwon S, Ostler E. Antimicrobial effect of silver-impregnated  cellulose: potential for antimicrobial therapy. J Biol Engineer.  2009;3:20–28.
              3.      Li Y, Leung P, Yao L, Song QW Newton, E. Antimicrobial effect of  surgical masks coated with nanoparticles. J  Hosp Infect. 2006;62:58–63.
              4.      Rupp ME, Fitzgerald T, Marion N, et al. Effect of silver-coated  urinary catheters: efficacy, cost-effectiveness, and antimicrobial resistance. Am J Infect Control.  2004;32:445–450.
            5.      March JK, Cohen MN, Lindsey JM, et al. The differential susceptibility  of spores from virulent and attenuated Bacillus  anthracis strains to aldehyde- and  hypochlorite-based disinfectants. Microbiology  Open. 2012;1–8; doi:10.1002/mbo3.45.


 

       







Consult your doctor before using any of the
    treatments found within this site.

Subscriptions
        are available for
        Townsend Letter, the Examiner of Alternative Medicine 
        magazine, which is
        published 10 times each year. Search our pre-2001
        archives for further information. Older issues of the printed magazine
        are also indexed for your convenience.
1983-2001
        indices ; recent indices. Once you find the magazines you'd like to order, please 
        use our
        convenient form, e-mail subscriptions@townsendletter.com,
        or call 360.385.6021.
 
360.385.6021 
        Fax: 360.385.0699 
info@townsendletter.com 

Who are
        we? | New articles | Featured
        topics | e-Edition | 
            Tables of contents | Subscriptions | Contact
              us | Links | Classifieds | Advertise | 
Alternative
                Medicine Conference Calendar | Search site | Archives |
EDTA Chelation Therapy | Home
© 1983-2015 Townsend Letter
        All rights reserved. 
        Website by Sandy 
          Hershelman Designs
 








 














Dennis O'Connor Robison - Athens, TN | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Dennis O'connor Robison in Athens, TN


Dennis O'connor Robison

                                                                           Intelius found that Dennis O'Connor Robison  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Athens, TN.  We have connected them to
                10 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Dennis O'connor Robison is in his 60s

Dennis Has Lived In

Athens, TN
Beaumont, CA
Banning, CA

Dennis's Relatives

Charles Robison
Miki Robison
Artie Robison
Charlie Robison







Dennis O'connor Robison



Zodiac SignPisces



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Dennis? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Dennis, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Dennis O'connor Robison
Get a Criminal Check on Dennis O'connor Robison
Get a Public Record Report on Dennis O'connor Robison
Get a People Search Report on Dennis O'connor Robison


Dennis O'connor Robison's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Dennis O'connor Robison has lived as well as Dennis O'connor Robison's phone numbers and email addresses.




Dennis O'connor Robison Has Lived in 2 States
Tennessee Address for Dennis O'connor Robison


119 C***** R* 

Athens, TN


Has Lived In

Athens, TN
Beaumont, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Dennis O'connor Robison

(423) ***-**** - Athens, TN 
() ***-**** - Athens, TN 
(760) ***-**** - Twentynine Palms, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Dennis O'connor Robison



Get Email Report




Dennis O'connor Robison's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Dennis O'connor Robison


Dennis O'connor Robison's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Dennis O'connor Robison's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Dennis Robison
Username Matches

                  DennisRobison
                  RobisonDennis
                  Dennis.Robison
                  Robison.Dennis
                  Dennis_Robison
                  Robison_Dennis
                  Dennis-Robison
                  Robison-Dennis
                  DRobison
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
D Robison







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.




















Dennis C. Robison - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Dennis C. Robison
Board Member at Southern Missouri Bancorp, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Dennis C. Robison? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Dennis C. Robison's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Dennis C. Robison's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Dennis C. Robison's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Dennis C. Robison through your network of contacts.
												








Dennis C. Robison's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Southern Missouri Bancorp, Inc.


Past
To view Dennis C. Robison's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
62

 
 


Dennis C. Robison's Biography




			Mr. Robison is a farmer in Butler and Ripley counties in Missouri. He primarily raises soybeans, rice, wheat, and corn. He served on the board of Riceland Foods from 1994 to 2006. As managing partner of two farming operations, his responsibilities have included budgeting, financing, tax planning, and resource and personnel management. His experience as a farmer provides an ability to understand the operations of the Company's agricultural borrowers, and his experience managing successful farming operations provides insight into general management issues of the Company.
		
Source: Southern Missouri Bancorp, Inc. on 09/27/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Dennis C. Robison's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Dennis C. Robison. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Dennis C. Robison's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Dennis C. Robison's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Dennis C. Robison through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Dennis C. Robison


















Dennis C. Robison's Connections (15)





Sign up now to view Dennis C. Robison's 15 connections »









William D. Hribovsek
Employee, Southern Missouri Bancorp, Inc.









Rebecca M. Brooks
Board Member, Southern Missouri Bancorp, Inc.









Todd E. Hensley
Board Member, Southern Missouri Bancorp, Inc.









David J. Tooley
Board Member, Southern Missouri Bancorp, Inc.









Charles R. Love
Board Member, Southern Missouri Bancorp, Inc.









Charles R. Moffitt
Former Board Member, Southern Missouri Bancorp, Inc.









Sammy A. Schalk
Vice Chairman, Southern Missouri Bancorp, Inc.









Matthew T. Funke
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Southern Missouri Bancorp, Inc.









Lora L. Daves
Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer, Southern Missouri Bancorp, Inc.









L. Douglas Bagby
Chairman, Southern Missouri Bancorp, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993

















Heartfelt Sympathies Store | Dennis L. Robison


























Send Flowers


Plant a Tree


Light a Candle


Donations








For questions or help ordering please call
    1-844-249-9510

















Need help with your order?
1-844-249-9510
|
support@heartfeltsympathies.com



Memorial Candle










 There are some errors in your form.













                                            One Month                                        


                                                $10.00                                            
















                                            One Year                                        


                                                $20.00                                            
















                                            Forever                                        


                                                $50.00                                            








Enter Value:



$







 Candle From *
            0/50


                This field is required.
            

                The name or signature to be displayed with your online memorial candle.
            





 Message
            0/500


                The message to be displayed with your memorial candle.
            





Continue to Checkout










Description


Product Details




                    The solitude and quiet peace of a flickering candle has long been a symbol of remembrance.
The Memorial Candle Program has been designed to help offset the costs associated with hosting this Tribute 
Website in perpetuity. Through the lighting of a memorial candle, your thoughtful gesture will be recorded
 and the proceeds will go directly towards helping ensure that the 
family and friends of Dennis L. Robison can continue to memorialize, re-visit, interact with each 
other and enhance this tribute for future generations.

                



Candle will be lit for the limited time of one month


Candle will be lit for the limited time of one year


Candle will be lit indefinitely

Candle message preserved on the memorial site for perpetuity





















© Heartfelt Sympathies 2017
Terms of Use
Shipping
Returns
Privacy Policy



















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Dennis C Robinson | Free Public Records | PublicRecords360
















Login | Register








Search Options




First Name *



Middle Name



Last Name *



City



State

All States 
Alabama 
Alaska 
Arizona 
Arkansas 
California 
Colorado 
Connecticut 
Delaware 
Florida 
Georgia 
Hawaii 
Idaho 
Illinois 
Indiana 
Iowa 
Kansas 
Kentucky 
Louisiana 
Maine 
Maryland 
Massachusetts 
Michigan 
Minnesota 
Mississippi 
Missouri 
Montana 
Nebraska 
Nevada 
New Hampshire 
New Jersey 
New Mexico 
New York 
North Carolina 
North Dakota 
Ohio 
Oklahoma 
Oregon 
Pennsylvania 
Puerto Rico 
Rhode Island 
South Carolina 
South Dakota 
Tennessee 
Texas 
Utah 
Vermont 
Virginia 
Washington 
Washington D.C. 
West Virginia 
Wisconsin 
Wyoming 








 


Safe Search


Your search is confidential. Dennis C Robinson will not be notified of your purchase.

 
Related SearchesDeann RobinsonDeann RobinsonDeann RobinsonDeann RobinsonCharlene Marie Robinson

Connect With Us











51 Matching Results!Showing Top 20. Use filters to see more.
Filter By Age:All AgesNo Age30 - 3940 - 4950 - 5960 - 6970 - 7980 - 89Has lived in:All CitiesAL - MontgomeryAR - ParagouldCA - BakersfieldCA - Belvedere TiburonCA - CampbellCA - ChesterCA - CoarsegoldCA - CotatiCA - Diamond SpringsCA - EscondidoCA - FallbrookCA - FremontCA - Mountain ViewCA - PetalumaCA - PowayCA - Rio VistaCA - Rohnert ParkCA - San DiegoCA - San JoseCA - San RafaelCA - SonomaCA - TorranceCA - VistaCA - Yorba LindaCO - Grand LakeCO - LittletonCT - New HavenDE - BearDE - MiddletownDE - NewarkDE - WilmingtonFL - ClearwaterFL - Fort LauderdaleFL - HollywoodFL - JacksonvilleFL - Palm CityFL - Plant CityFL - RiverviewFL - SebringFL - StuartFL - TampaFL - ValricoGA - AlbanyGA - AlpharettaGA - AtlantaGA - DawsonGA - DouglasGA - ElbertonGA - GainesvilleGA - MariettaIL - BellevilleIL - East Saint LouisIL - GlasfordIN - ElkhartIN - Fort WayneIN - HobartIN - IndianapolisKY - WinchesterLA - KennerLA - RayvilleLA - ShreveportMA - FraminghamMA - MarlboroughMI - Ann ArborMI - KalamazooMN - CloquetMN - RandallMO - FlorissantMO - Saint LouisMT - MaltaNC - BurnsvilleNC - Green MountainNC - Mills RiverNJ - BlackwoodNJ - Ocean CityNJ - TuckertonNV - Incline VillageNV - RenoNY - BrooklynNY - Far RockawayNY - InwoodNY - RosedaleNY - Saint AlbansNY - WyandanchNY - YonkersOH - ColumbusOH - FredericktownOH - Mount VernonPA - Blairs MillsPA - ChambersburgPA - East WaterfordPA - PhiladelphiaSC - JonesvilleTX - AmarilloTX - AntonTX - ArlingtonTX - AustinTX - AzleTX - CanyonTX - ColleyvilleTX - DallasTX - EulessTX - Fort WorthTX - Haltom CityTX - HoustonTX - HumbleTX - HurstTX - LancasterTX - LevellandTX - LewisvilleTX - LittlefieldTX - LubbockTX - New DealTX - SmyerTX - VictoriaTX - WhitneyUT - KanabVA - MaidensVA - RichmondVA - RockvilleWA - VancouverWI - Camp LakeWI - TrevorWI - Twin Lakes




Select a record below to get Complete Report
Aliases
Has lived in
Related to




 


View Details


Dennis Clayton RobinsonAge 69


Fort Worth, TXColleyville, TXHurst, TXEuless, TXArlington, TXGrand Lake, COLewisville, TX
Renee LindseyEmily RobinsonTeresa HermannBretta WilliamsCheryl Robinson


 


View Details


Dennis Clay RobinsonAge 46


Victoria, TXFredericktown, OHLewisville, TXCanyon, TXAnn Arbor, MIDallas, TXAmarillo, TX
Ruschelle RobinsonStacy RobinsonMichele RobinsonJohn RobinsonSandra Hatton


 


View Details


Dennis Cliffor RobinsonAge 76

Charlene Marie Robinson
Bakersfield, CAVancouver, WASan Jose, CARio Vista, CAMountain View, CAFremont, CA
Judith RobinsonCynthia RobinsonDavid RobinsonSharon RobinsonJames Robinson


 


View Details


Dennis Colvin RobinsonAge 44


Haltom City, TXAtlanta, GAGainesville, GAMarietta, GAAlpharetta, GA
Peggie RobinsonBriee RobinsonBrittany Robinson


 


View Details


Dennis C RobinsonAge 49

Deann Robinson
Tuckerton, NJOcean City, NJLittleton, COBlackwood, NJYonkers, NY
Kristine Robinson


 


View Details


Dennis C RobinsonAge 65

Deann Robinson
Marlborough, MAFramingham, MAJacksonville, FLTorrance, CA
Joan RobinsonAshley RobinsonMark RobinsonDouglas Robinson


 


View Details


Dennis C RobinsonAge 52

Dennis Lewis RobinsonDeann Robinson
Campbell, CASan Jose, CAMountain View, CAFremont, CARio Vista, CAAustin, TX
Charlene RobinsonCynthia RobinsonMarlene Robinson


 


View Details


Dennis C RobinsonAge 74

Deann Robinson
Fallbrook, CACoarsegold, CAEscondido, CAVista, CAChester, CA
Victoria RobinsonKaryn Shales


 


View Details


Dennis Charles RobinsonAge 65

Dennis Wayne Robinson
Anton, TXLittlefield, TXLubbock, TXTampa, FLClearwater, FLRiverview, FLMontgomery, AL
Judy RobinsonCharles RobinsonRebecca RobinsonFaye RobinsonDonna Robinson


 


View Details


D Robinson


Mills River, NC
Faye Robinson


 


View Details


Dennis Charles RobinsonAge 61


Cotati, CASonoma, CASan Rafael, CARohnert Park, CABelvedere Tiburon, CAYorba Linda, CADiamond Springs, CA
Christina RobinsonHelen RobinsonAlisha RobinsonElizabeth RamirezLaura Gish


 


View Details


Dennis Cliffor RobinsonAge 76

Dennis L Robinson
San Jose, CAMountain View, CARio Vista, CAFremont, CA
Charlene RobinsonCynthia Robinson


 


View Details


Dennis C RobinsonAge 66


Wilmington, DENewark, DEBear, DEMiddletown, DE
Lisa WardRobert WardGlenn SchmalhoferRichard Ward


 


View Details


Dennis C RobinsonAge 70

Dennis M RobinsonDeann Robinson
Camp Lake, WITrevor, WITwin Lakes, WI
Jennifer KolczaskiMarsha Roberts


 


View Details


Dennis Charles RobinsonAge 65


Palm City, FLDouglas, GAStuart, FL
Bradford RobinsonLinda RobinsonBenton Robinson


 


View Details


Dennis C RobinsonAge 60


Far Rockaway, NYSaint Albans, NYRosedale, NYInwood, NY
Yvonne RobinsonYaneek RobinsonDuvaughn RobinsonCarlton Robinson


 


View Details


Dennis Clair RobinsonAge 62

Deann Robinson
Blairs Mills, PAEast Waterford, PAChambersburg, PA
Sharon RobinsonAudrey RobinsonFrank RobinsonEdward RobinsonLeon Robinson


 


View Details


Dennis C RobinsonAge 69


Richmond, VARockville, VAMaidens, VA
Ashley BarkerChristian Robinson


 


View Details


Dennis C RobinsonAge 51

Deann RobinsonDenise Robinson
Plant City, FLValrico, FLTampa, FL
Veronica Brooks


 


View Details


Dennis C RobinsonAge 62

Deann Robinson
Albany, GADawson, GA
Harriet LittleAlice Robinson




 

PublicRecords360
is designed to help you safely find people and learn about others. PublicRecords360
does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual's eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA.
Learn more about FCRA restrictions. By using our website you agree to our Terms
of Service and Privacy Policy.









© copyright 2012 - 2017 PublicRecords360.com

Home

Notes

Terms

Privacy

Contact













