










 













 




Enhance Product Development | Submit Your Invention Idea















Develop & Launch Your Invention or Product Idea












Do You Have a New Invention Idea?
If you have an invention idea or new product, we want to hear from you. At Enhance Product Development, we help inventors develop and launch their new invention ideas. Simply put, "We turn ideas into REALITY."
So if you are an entrepreneur who has been working on a new invention for years or if you're an inventor who just came up with a new idea for a product, we can help!


Request FREE Inventor Information
100% Confidential. No Obligation Consultation.
* denotes required fields




Name*: 



Email*: 



Country*:

United States of America
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Canada
United Kingdom
Australia
New Zealand
Ireland
South Africa
Afghanistan
Albania
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald
Holy See (Vatican)
Honduras
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgystan
Lao
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia (FYR)
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
South Georgia
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (U.K.)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe



Address*: 



City*:



State/Region:


 - select - 
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
American Samoa
Guam
Northern Mariana Islands
Puerto Rico
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Virgin Islands




Zip/Postal Code*:



Phone*:



 











All information provided remains confidential.



Must be 18 years or older.










What Enhance Clients Are Saying





“Customer service is A+, you guys have been amazing!”
Erik R., New Brunswick, NJ
“My experience with Enhance was unbelievable. I am almost at a loss for words actually. Everything from the consultation to the sketches was terrific. Words can't explain how impressed I was with the effort and how everything was completed in a timely manner.”
Theodis H., Honolulu, HI


“I am more than impressed & highly recommend the services that Enhance Product Development offered and delivered!”
Becky B., Kalamazoo, MI
“The 3D renderings, logo and sell sheet were awesome! I was very pleased with the feedback that was provided along the way. Lastly, I'm extremely pleased on how quick my rough drawings came alive for me...”
Joe K., Dubuque, IA







Wal-Mart®, Bed Bath and Beyond®, Home Depot®, Toys'R'Us®, Walgreens®, Lowes®, Target®, Kmart®, Dick's Sporting Goods®, and Cabela's® are registered trademarks of their respective companies. The display of trademarks and logos does not imply an endorsement of Enhance Product Development, Inc. by the trademark owners. New product development is highly speculative and the use of Enhance Product Development's services does not typically result in a license deal or profit to the inventor.
For Free Information Call 1-877-993-6426











Follow Us: 

© Copyright 2014. Enhance Product Development, Inc. | Privacy




    ROCHESTER PORTFOLIO SERIES - Business Located in New York                             EntitySource    Home About us States FAQ Search Contact            Rochester Portfolio Series       Home  ›    New York  ›   Rochester Portfolio Series          Contact  Two World Trade Center New York, NY 10048     Description  Rochester Portfolio Series is a GENERAL ASSOCIATION LAW FILING, located in New York, NY and was formed on Dec 05, 1997. This file was obtained from the Secretary of State and has a file number of 2205829.This business was created 7,175 days ago in the New York SOS Office and the registered agent is None that does business at , None in .After conducting a search for principals and owners of ROCHESTER PORTFOLIO SERIES, we could not find any results.  This file was last updated on May 14, 2013. Registered Agent  None NONE,              Remove This Company from EntitySource.com   × Remove Options   To remove Rochester Portfolio Series from this database please select an option below.    Option 1    Name Manual Removal   Requirements Under the Freedom of Information Act, we will remove data for Government Officials and Law Enforcement personnel accordingly. We will also remove data if other privacy concerns are met.   Instructions Email documents to info@entitysource.com for removal.   Time Frame 7-14 Days               Trademark Search for ROCHESTER PORTFOLIO SERIESAfter performing a trademark search for ROCHESTER PORTFOLIO SERIES, we found 0 results.                

Rochester Electronics Product Re-Introduction: Entire AMCC Gate Array Product Line - PR.com





























Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release

Join Now     Sign In







 






Businesses


Articles


Press Releases






 












Business Directory
Products & Services
Jobs





Recent Press Releases
Press Release Pricing
Submit Press Release





Businesses
Products & Services
Products
Services
Press Releases
Jobs








Press Release Pricing
|
News by Category
|
News by Country
|
News by US Region
|
Recent News
|
PR.com News on Your Site










 
Press Releases 


Rochester Electronics



Press Release







Receive press releases from Rochester Electronics: By Email
RSS Feeds:









Rochester Electronics Product Re-Introduction: Entire AMCC Gate Array Product Line
Rochester Electronics re-creates semiconductor die, chip, and package to provide a complete replication solution. 



 Newburyport, MA,  April 02, 2011 --(PR.com)-- Rochester Electronics, the world’s largest authorized manufacturer and distributor of end-of-life and mature semiconductors, has reintroduced the gate array semiconductor portfolio from Applied Micro Circuits Corporation (Nasdaq: AMCC). The portfolio includes five technology nodes and some 500 designs. The production of these components, which is completely authorized by AMCC, was accomplished through a combination of semiconductor replication and continuing manufacture.Rochester has already re-created and manufactured the largest and most complicated device in the AMCC Q20000 Series, a .6 micron bipolar emitter-coupled logic (ECL) / transistor-transistor logic (TTL) gate-array device called the Q20M100. The Q20000 family is comprised of nine products ranging in density from 450 to 18,777 equivalent gates, including structured arrays with 1.25GHz phase-locked loops (PLLs). With the re-creation of the largest and most complicated device in the family, the re-creation of the rest of the Q20000 family is enabled. The Q20000 family is optimized to provide high performance and proven reliability in advanced commercial, industrial, military, and aerospace applications. For many equipment manufacturers who use this part, availability from Rochester has eliminated the need for system re-designs, saving them millions of dollars in related re-design and qualification costs. Rochester is also authorized to re-create and manufacture the AMCC Q14000 Series BiCMOS logic arrays, Q5000 Series ECL/TTL logic arrays, Q1500 Series logic arrays, and the Q700 Series logic arrays.“With full permission from AMCC, Rochester is now the contractually licensed continuing source of AMCC gate array devices,” said Paul Gerrish, co-president at Rochester Electronics. “Semiconductor re-creation and continuing manufacturing is a cost-effective and time-saving alternative to system re-design when critical semiconductors are no longer available from authorized sources. Rochester engineers use complex reverse-engineering techniques to re-create the device and provide a replacement that matches the original semiconductor’s physical features, layer by layer and pin for pin, and is guaranteed to perform exactly as the AMCC original.”AMCC provided its gate array product IP and design archive databases to Rochester, enabling Rochester to produce a continuing supply of authorized devices through Rochester’s Semiconductor Replication Process™ (SRP™). Rochester’s sophisticated SRP combines archive identification, tear down of sample product, process match, source-to-target comparison, detailed SPICE analysis, and testing to the original manufacturer’s specifications and beyond, to exactly match the form, fit, and function of the AMCC original gate array devices.“With our authorization and IP, Rochester Electronics will continue to manufacture these parts for as long as they are needed. By making these critical parts available, Rochester will save OEMs the cost of having to re-design their systems or rely on suspect parts from unauthorized sources,” said Alan Sorgi, director of IP portfolio management at AMCC.For more information, contact Rochester Electronics at 16 Malcolm Hoyt Drive, Newburyport, Massachusetts 01950; by calling 978-462-9332; by fax at 978-462-9512; e-mail sales@rocelec.com; or on the Web at www.rocelec.com.About Rochester Electronics, LLCRochester Electronics, LLC, is the world’s most comprehensive solution for mature and end-of-life semiconductors. Authorized by more than 60 leading semiconductor manufacturers, Rochester acquires all remaining finished devices, wafer/die, and available intellectual property in order to manufacture the exact same device and provide a reliable, continuing source of semiconductors used in critical systems worldwide in any quantity and for as long as needed. All components are 100% manufacturer traceable and certified. Rochester’s product offering includes 20,000+ Rochester-manufactured device types, from commercial to space-level; device re-creation; as well as more than ten billion die and five billion finished devices, in stock and ready to ship. Rochester is certified to ISO-9001:2008 and QML MIL-PRF-38535, as well as AS9120. Rochester is privately held. Worldwide corporate headquarters are located at 16 Malcolm Hoyt Drive, Newburyport, MA 01950, USA. Sales offices are also located throughout the United States, Europe, and Asia. Phone 978-462-9332; Email sales@rocelec.com; Website www.rocelec.comAbout Applied Micro Circuits CorporationAppliedMicro is a global leader in energy-conscious computing solutions for telco, enterprise, data center, consumer and SMB applications. With a 30-year heritage as an innovator in high-speed connectivity and high performance embedded processing, AppliedMicro employs patented Power Architecture® SoCs to provide energy-efficient products that can deliver up to a 40 percent reduction in power consumption without sacrificing performance. AppliedMicro's corporate headquarters are located in Sunnyvale, California. Sales and engineering offices are located throughout the world. For further information regarding AppliedMicro, visit the company’s Web site at http://www.apm.com.###






Contact Information
Rochester ElectronicsZac Linton919-872-8172Contactwww.rocelec.com

Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Rochester Electronics









Promote Your Business
Affiliate Program
Link To Us
 
Email this page to a friend





PR.com
Contact Us
About Us
Terms of Use
Help




 





Rochester Portfolio Series - Oppenheimer Rochester Limited Term New York Municipal Fund (549300J8BTKXHAQBEE98) | Open LEIs


















            A user-friendly view on the
            Legal Entity Identifier system




Brought to you by













What is the LEI system?
About OpenCorporates



Register


Login











		    Rochester Portfolio Series - Oppenheimer Rochester Limited Term New York Municipal Fund
      




Lei 549300J8BTKXHAQBEE98
Legal Form OTHER
Registered Address C/O The Corporation Trust Company, Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, US-DE 19801
Headquarter Address 6803 South Tucson Way, Centennial, US-CO 80112
Legal Jurisdiction US
Other Names Rochester Portfolio Series - Oppenheimer Limited Term New York Municipal Fund (Other Legal)
Business Registry Name N/A
Business Registry Identifier Not supplied!

Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) details

Registered By DTCC/SWIFT CICI
Assignment Date 2017-07-22 01:57:17 UTC
Record Last Update 2017-07-22 01:57:17 UTC
Next Renewal Date 2018-06-27 21:10:56 UTC
Status Code ISSUED



          Imported from gleif on
          July 27 2017,  6.59AM
        




Share this page








Permalink



Connect with us

 Connect
 Join
 Follow






Download Open Data

XML or
      JSON














×












David Brennan, Rochester Photographer for Commercial, Advertising and Corporate Photography






David Brennan Photography 


Home
Information
Portfolios
Contact
 
 


David Brennan: Rochester Commercial Photographer Shooting Advertising and Corporate Productions            

			  Brennan Photography produces a wide variety of pictures for advertising, product catalog, industrial, corporate, editorial, magazine, architectural, educational, and other commercial clients. We specialize in location productions with expert lighting setups to make people, products, buildings, and machines look their best.
Working in the Albany, Rochester, Buffalo and Syracuse Regions of Upstate New York

			  From my home near Rochester, New York, I am in an ideal geographic location for photo shoots on location in the Rochester area, the neighboring Syracuse and Buffalo regions, and the big cities of the Northeast. I am close to New York City and the New York Metro Area (New Jersey, Long Island, Connecticut, and Westchester), as well as Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, Toronto, Detroit, Cleveland, and New England.
Here  some examples of my advertising and corporate photography using both "real people" and professional agency models. Most of my work is produced using a full location lighting setup. This brightens a room in a natural way, and highlights the people and products in the picture. 





People and Product Photography 
On Location in Rochester and Throughout New York State

						This was part of a series of photographs for a telecommunications company. We did pictures showing their products in different locations and situations. For licensing flexibility, and to 
save cost, the client wanted to use "real people" rather than agency models. We ran an extensive casting call and signed up some great models.
We brought in a truck load of studio lighting equipment to light the interior of this school classroom, and the subjects. The effect is cheerful and natural.




Environmental Portrait
Editorial  and Lifestyle Photography
 Here is another for the same client. They brought me down from Rochester to shoot this in New York City. The model is another one we arranged ourselves with as castring session, and he worked out great.
We lit this guy with a location lighting setup to give the picture some snap and drama and a corporate feel. 




Photography in Motion
Dynamic Pictures of Active Lifestyles
A photographer will usually spend a great deal of effort to make his or her pictures as sharp and non-blurry as possible. Sometimes, though, a controlled blur as a lot of life to a picture. Clients often ask if this effect was done in Photoshop, but it wasn't.





Kids Photography 
The Ultimate "Real People"
Kids can't be beat for a never-ending supply of goofy poses and antics. This picture shot near Rochester New York was produced using a large studio lighting setup outdoors.





Lifestyle and Travel  Photography 
On Location, Worldwide
We also work outside of the Rochester/ Buffalo/ Syracuse corridor whenever a client wants us to. We shoot jobs regularly in New York City, New Jersey, and for this picture for a cruise line, Florida. 





Puerto Rico and the Caribbean
Commercial Photography
Looking much further south from Rochester, we have a second concentration of business in San Juan Puerto Rico. We have full production, casting, and crew available there, and can handle the challenges a photographer faces working in the Caribbean.


Click for our complete portfolio on-line, including lifestyle, travel, corporate, and editorial work.



			© All Photographs Copyright David Brennan 

David Brennan Photography, 183 Saint Paul St., Rochester, New York 14604
		
 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Welcome to Rochester Events - Rochester Events 2017












































































 
MIDTOWN EATS
ROCHESTER LILAC FESTIVAL

FESTIVAL HOMEPAGE
SPECIAL EVENTS

ART IN THE PARK
LILAC PARADE
CRAFT BEVERAGE EXPO
LILAC RUN
DUNKIN’ DONUTS DASH
GARDEN BATTLES
HURLBUT HUG
SENIORS DAY


CONCERT SCHEDULE
FAMILY EVENTS
EAT & DRINK
APPLY

ART IN THE PARK
APPLY TO PERFORM
COMMERCIAL EXHIBITOR
FOOD VENDOR
SPONSOR OPPORTUNITIES


GUEST INFO
GARDEN & LILACS
FESTIVAL MERCHANDISE


HIGHLAND BOWL CONCERT SERIES

HIGHLAND BOWL HOMEPAGE
BUY TICKETS
ABOUT THE SHOW
DIRECTIONS & PARKING
FOOD & DRINK
HOTEL INFO
FAQ & RULES


PARK AVE SUMMER ARTS FEST

FESTIVAL HOMEPAGE
ATTEND

FESTIVAL INFO
DIRECTIONS & PARKING
ARTISTS
EXHIBITORS
EAT & DRINK
ENTERTAINMENT
THE KIDS PARK
FESTIVAL MAP
HOTEL INFO


APPLY

APPLYING ARTIST
COMMERCIAL EXHIBITOR
FOOD VENDOR
ENTERTAINMENT


FESTIVAL MAP
FESTIVAL SHOP
AWARD WINNERS


 


Welcome to Rochester Events. Our company is founded on ethics, integrity hard work and a commitment to reinforcing and celebrating pride in our community.






 








 



























  







 MENU























 


 




 


 







 





 

MIDTOWN EATS 

Midtown Pedestrian Walkway / FIRST THURSDAYS 

 







PARK AVE SUMMER  ARTS FESTIVAL 

ARTISTS  / INFO  / PARKING  / SHOP  

     







ROCHESTER LILAC FESTIVAL 

2017 LINE UP / CRAFT BEVERAGE EXPO TICKETS / INFO / TRAVEL 

     



 

















 Be the first to know about upcoming events, presale tickets and contests Yes,
put me on the list!








 
 

 
 
Top

 
 
 
 


































Enhance Product Development | Industrial Design, Engineering & Prototyping



































 








877.993.6426
support@enhancepd.com
 

 
 
 









Select Page


  
 
 







You've Got The Idea...
Team up with Enhance to bring your invention to life and get it to market!


 



Have a New Invention Idea?
 




If you have an invention idea or new product, we want to hear from you. At Enhance Product Development, we help inventors develop and launch their new invention ideas. Simply put, “We turn ideas into REALITY.”
So if you are an entrepreneur who has been working on a new invention for years or if you’re an inventor who just came up with a new idea for a product, we can help!
 
 

Request FREE Inventor Information
100% Confidential. No Obligation Consultation.
How to Reach Me 

 
 


If you are a human and are seeing this field, please leave it blank.			



































Best Describes Me 				
 -Please Select-
Inventor aspiring for a royalty or license deal.
Entrepreneur seeking to bring new product to market.
Company wanting to add to existing product line.






























If you are a human and are seeing this field, please leave it blank. 				



















All information remains confidential.  Must be 18 years or older.
 
 
 
 




Experience the Enhance Difference
 
 
 




Timely Support
There’s no maze or dialing tree, call us and reach a live person.
 
 
 



Advanced Technology
From the CAD software to the 3D printer in our office, we are cutting edge.
 
 
 



Innovative Ideas
As a smaller design firm, our culture embodies “out of the box” thinking.
 
 
 
 


%
Industrial Design

 

%
Engineering & Prototyping

 

%
Licensing

 

%
Marketing

 
 
 



Retail Partners
Our products have sold or are currently selling in
 
 
 


 

 

 

 
 
 




What Enhance Clients Are Saying
 
 
 



I am almost at a loss for words… Everything from the consultation to the sketches was terrific. Words can’t explain how impressed I was with the effort and how everything was completed in a timely manner.
Theodis H.
Honolulu, HI
 
 
 






Get Started Today!

Fill Out The Form Above

 


The 3D renderings, logo and sell sheet were awesome! I was very pleased with the feedback that was provided along the way and I’m extremely pleased on how quick my drawings came alive for me.
Joe K.
Dubuque, IA
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 































Invention Design, Product Development & Licensing | Enhance




































 






877.993.6426
support@enhancepd.com



Facebook




Twitter




RSS


  





Facebook




Twitter




RSS



  
 
 









Select Page


  
 
 











Do You Have a New Invention Idea?

If you have an invention idea or new product, we want to hear from you.
At Enhance, we help inventors develop and launch their new invention or product ideas.

License Your Invention
 
 
 




From Concept to Manufacturing

Developing products is what we do.
From entrepreneurs to start-ups to established consumer product companies,
let Enhance innovate for you.

Services
 
 
 
 
 
 



Launch Your Invention Through Licensing
Our proprietary Design for Licensing strategy utilizes a proven system that seeks to maximize your success while minimizing out-of-pocket expense.
 
 
 




Prepare
Determine goals, research the marketplace and chart a course of action.
 
 
 



Develop
Design and develop your invention to meet or exceed your specs.
 
 
 



Protect
Acquire and protect your intellectual property by filing the patent application.
 
 
 



Launch
Professionally present your invention to companies for licensing.
 
 
 
 



Having been involved in licensing for over a decade, we have extensive experience with what licensees are looking for and have developed our design packages and method of establishing a license deal with one goal in mind: attracting a company to take your invention and pay you a royalty.

Help For Inventors

 
 
 






Team up with the Invention Experts
The most important part of successfully getting your invention idea to market is to establish an experienced team with an array of critical skill sets. With our knowledge in product design, invention development, marketing and licensing, Enhance is the team that can help lift your invention to success!


About Us

 
 
 




%
Industrial Design

 

%
Engineering and Prototyping

 

%
Licensing

 

%
Marketing

 
 
 



Overview of Product Design and Development Services
Whether you are a first-time inventor, a small start-up or an established company, Enhance can complement your business by delivering inspirational product design and development that will drive your bottom line.
 
 
 




Industrial Design
Taking an invention or product concept into reality is a core concern of our industrial design services.  Our mission is to optimize function, value and appearance for the mutual benefit of the product user and the manufacturer.  This means we seek to design both an aesthetically pleasing product, but also one that is commercially feasible.
 
 
 



Engineering and Prototyping
Getting samples for presentations or proof of concept is a crucial step to test how a product will function, as well as survey interest from potential customers or licensees. Enhance has the capabilities of making you a part through the use of the best technologies in rapid prototyping, from fused deposition modeling (FDM), stereolithography (SLA), and more.
 
 
 



Manufacturing Sourcing
Finding a source to manufacture a quality product at low prices and with reasonable terms is one of the most challenging aspects to commercializing a product. Sourcing is of utmost strategic importance and can make or break a product’s success. Enhance can help you navigate the complicated maze of locating and working with a factory overseas or in the US.
 
 
 
 




Marketing
From professionally designed sell sheets to product animation demonstrations or even full video production, Enhance can prepare the materials to make an impact in your presentation. From retailers to customers, licensees to investors, our work will give your product a professional appearance that will capture attention.
 
 
 



Licensing
Licensing your invention idea involves collaborating with companies well positioned to commercialize your product and pay a royalty. Enhance can leverage the product development to tailor a design package that attracts companies who will license your invention and pay you royalties.
 
 
 



Patents
Patent searches provide inventors with critical industry information and Provisional Patent Applications can be the first step to protecting your invention. Enhance has a streamlined and professional process that utilizes a registered patent attorney.
 
 
 
 




Services Overview

 
 
 

Our Design Work







Grease Genie










HurriClean










Smart Capo










True Touch










MOBI










EggZact Boiler










Hot Buns










Skillet Slingers










Xtreme Rollers





 
 



Retail Partners
Our products have sold or are selling in:
 
 
 


 

 

 

 
 
 





Connect With Us
Have questions or want to get started on a new invention or product?

Get Started Today

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 























Contact | Enhance Product Development



































 






877.993.6426
support@enhancepd.com



Facebook




Twitter




RSS


  





Facebook




Twitter




RSS



  
 
 









Select Page


  
 
 







Contact Enhance
Call, email or fill out the form below. We want to hear from you.


 



Receive a FREE, no obligation consultation.
Confidentiality guaranteed.
 



 
 



If you are a human and are seeing this field, please leave it blank.			


























































Message 				






If you are a human and are seeing this field, please leave it blank. 				



















 
 

Enhance Product Development, Inc.
Address:
11180 Zealand Ave N, Minneapolis, MN 55316
Phone: 877.99.ENHANCE (877.993.6426)
Fax: 651.846.5039
Email: support@enhancepd.com
Business Hours:
8:00am – 5:00pm M-F (Central Time)
 
 
 
 





 
 
 
 
 
 
 




































New Invention and Product Portfolio | Enhance



































 






877.993.6426
support@enhancepd.com



Facebook




Twitter




RSS


  





Facebook




Twitter




RSS



  
 
 









Select Page


  
 
 











EggZact Boiler

Improving cooking processes

See more work
 
 
 



Skillet Slingers

Kitchen tools designed specifically for the job

See more work
 
 
 
 
 
 



PUSHING THE BOUNDARIES OF CONVENTIONAL THINKING
 
We’ve worked on a range of products, from housewares to exercise equipment.
Take a look at some of the work we’re most proud of.
 
 
 
 
 








Grease Genie










HurriClean










Smart Capo










True Touch










MOBI










EggZact Boiler










Hot Buns










Skillet Slingers










Xtreme Rollers





 
 




Interested in working on a project?

Contact Us

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


















