


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Rackspace Hosting Customer Service: Interview with Mark Roenigk


























































































ShmulaLean Six Sigma. Simplified.
Login or create account
Home » Posts » Customer Experience » The Rackspace Customer Experience Secret Sauce: An Interview with Rackspace COO Mark RoenigkThe Rackspace Customer Experience Secret Sauce: An Interview with Rackspace COO Mark Roenigk
By shmula, Last Updated June 10, 201334511


I am very excited to present this interview with Mark Roenigk, the Chief Operating Officer of Rackspace. For those who may not know, Rackspace is a web hosting and cloud computing company, that has grown very fast and has created a tremendous amount of customer loyalty and endearment.



>

In this interview (Be sure to read our other interviews in our leadership series), we’ll learn about how Rackspace has placed the customer at the center of their activities and the role the Rackspace employees play in making the organization focused on the customer. We’ll also learn the role of Process Improvement within the context of their internal NPS program, which is also very respected and known for its rigor and effectiveness in helping the firm remain focused on the customer.
I also have a bit of a disclosure: Mark and I have known each other for many years. He has been a very close friend and mentor and I have learned much and continue to learn from him. Akin to graphite plus pressure plus time produces a diamond. That’s how I see my relationship with Mark. Aside from being an exceptional professional and executive, he is down-to-earth, humble, and a good man. I’m grateful he’s accepted this opportunity to share with us some of the secret sauce that has made Rackspace such a beloved company and an NPS powerhouse.
1. Mark, thanks for taking the time to answer a few questions. For those who may not know Rackspace, can you share a little about the company and also please share with us a little about yourself and what role you play at Rackspace?
Rackspace is a hosting and cloud computing company founded in 1998 in San Antonio. Rackspace is the founder of OpenStack, the standard open-source operating system for cloud computing, and a founding member of the Open Compute Project. We are known for our renowned Fanatical Support, which we deliver to more than 200,000 business customers from data centers on four continents.
I serve as Chief Operating Officer at Rackspace, responsible for the computing platforms on which Rackspace delivers products, services and support. I started my career as an engineer at Compaq before moving into management, later holding senior leadership roles at Microsoft, Intuit, Sirius XM and eBay. I came to Rackspace in 2009 because I was drawn to the culture and the inspiring mission to be one of the world’s leading service company.
2. Rackspace is well known for its fanatical focus on the customer. The first Rackspace core value is “Fanatical Support: Create customer experiences that create emotional attachment”. Why is that important and how does Rackspace accomplish that core value?
Let’s face it; we sell technology, an abundant commodity that can be created, sold and purchased with minimal human interaction from multiple providers. So, being in the technology market, we at Rackspace had to ask: What is our differentiator? What is our claim to fame? How can we add value and keep our customer coming back?
We have chosen Fanatical Support® to serve as that differentiator. At Rackspace, we know that customer satisfaction and building long-lasting relationships with our customers is our most important objective. Satisfied customers will tell their colleagues about Rackspace, becoming promoters for our brand and an external sales force for our company. Therefore, Fanatical Support is essential to our business; it is what lies at the core of our company because we know it’s essential to our success.
Our customers run a lot of very different businesses, and we don’t expect them to all be tech savvy; that’s our job. We ensure that we have diverse talent with deep expertise to help our customers solve problems and learn more about the best solutions for their needs.
3. Let’s talk about your NPS program. When did Rackspace begin its NPS Journey and how is it going?
NPS is a metric that measures customer loyalty by asking them to answer one question based on a scale from 1 to 10: How likely are you to recommend Rackspace to a friend or colleague? We’ve been asking this question in one form or another as far back as 2003-2004 when the original Harvard Business Review article was published. However, we quickly realized that just asking the question and calculating a score doesn’t get you very far. We track customer’s responses to detect positive or negative shifts in their satisfaction, so we can reach out to a customer directly if need be. This way, NPS is not a static number. Instead, it is a real-time assessment of our company’s performance and success. A strong NPS program needs a great deal of underlying discipline in how we analyze feedback and take action.
The program matured a bit more beginning in 2008. Since then, we’ve continued to tweak our approach and each business unit has customized aspects of the program to fit their needs. We also use NPS to examine our internal employee engagement, as well our internal performance on back office functions – what we refer to as “Rackers serving Rackers.” Understanding satisfaction within our own four walls led us to be listed this year as No. 34 in Fortune’s “100 Best Companies to Work For.”





4. Lanham Napier, Rackspace CEO, has called NPS the “greatness metric”. What does he mean by that? Additionally, it’s been said that Mr. Napier reads customer open-ended responses every day. Is that really true? If the CEO connects with customers in that way, how does that customer-centric behavior from the top down affect the rest of the company?
Lanham is a strong communicator – his messages resonate powerfully with Rackers. A critical theme over the past several years has been about the difference between good and great companies, and the focus necessary to ensure a path to ‘great.’ His message is simple and speaks to the fact that so many metrics we see today reflect a company’s path to ‘big’ without representing customer sentiment. Ours is a loyalty strategy, and Lanham believes the path to greatness comes through earning 9’s and 10’s from all of our customers.  His specific quote is: “Greatness is achieved when customers say we are great.”
Lanham has been reviewing customer feedback every day for a long time. Transparency is a core value here, and we are very open with customer voice at Rackspace. Randomly selected responses are distributed routinely, and it’s not unusual for Lanham to call these customers directly to say “thank you” or offer his help to customers with negative feedback. The Rackspace Board of Directors also reviews NPS feedback in their quarterly meetings. It’s definitely an effective leadership tool, and it helps hold Rackers across the organization accountable for doing the same.  It’s one of several mechanisms for keeping a customer focus.
5. Rackers. What is a Racker? Was the name deliberately chosen? “Customer Service Rep” is the more common title – why is Racker better than using CSR?
Customer service rep explains a job function within a company that involves interaction with customers through technology. At Rackspace, all employees are Rackers, not just those who deal directly with the customer. A Racker is someone who embodies our core values, has a commitment to service and is dedicated to the vision of the company. It is more than a label like lawyer, accountant or customer service representative. Being a Racker allows our employees to create a shared identity despite the job function they perform, and it creates a company-wide sense of camaraderie. In fact, we call our onboarding process “Welcome Home”; symbolizing the ultimate feeling of belonging the moment you start as a new hire. Our customers pick up on this sense of community as well, and it provides a sense of reassurance to know they have such a unified workforce behind them.
6. Rackspace has an internal Lean Six Sigma program. Tell us how NPS and Lean Six Sigma work together at Rackspace to improve the customer experience?
NPS is a critical input to the voice of our customers.  Rackspace utilizes NPS feedback to determine high impact areas for improvements in our products and services.  Business leaders partner with Operational Excellence (LSS program) and the NPS team to strategize how to make these improvements for our customers. These opportunities are taken to our “Racktivity Room”, a space where cross-functional teams meet to solve problems and innovate. Through a series of “Racktivites” (Lean /Six Sigma / Innovation Games and Program Management Tools), teams create solutions to make these opportunities a reality.
7. Is there anything else you’d like to share?
We have passionate Rackers innovating the industry in Open standards and fanatical support every day, because they are truly passionate about the success of our customers. This kind of culture is the reason the whole industry is buzzing about hybrid cloud right now; a combination of public cloud, private cloud, and dedicated bare metal computing powered behind OpenStack.  We are able to offer customers massive gains in performance, reliability, security, and cost-effectiveness that aren’t seen with other service providers. Rackspace is committed to helping our customers change the world- and we will do anything to make sure of it.
 

Mark Roenigk, Rackspace COO
As Chief Operating Officer, Mark is responsible for the computing platforms on which Rackspace delivers products, services and support.   Mark reports directly to Lanham Napier, CEO.
An engineer by trade, Mark manages Rackspace’s global infrastructure and associated services such as data center engineering & operations, hardware design & configuration, networking, infrastructure services (storage, backup, and data protection), supply chain and procurement.
He is also is responsible for global security, internal enterprise IT and the customer service tools that enable Rackers to deliver Fanatical Support.
Mark started his career as an engineer at Compaq before moving into management, and later held senior leadership roles at Microsoft, Intuit, Sirius XM and eBay.    Mark is regularly requested to participate on expert panels to discuss technology trends, supply chain innovation, net promoter programs and leadership.   He has published articles in the fields of leadership, supply chain and digital & physical anti-counterfeiting technologies.
Mark has been a strong supporter of charities dedicated to enriching the lives of children with disabilities. He is on the Board of Directors of Taelor’s House Foundation and supports the Prader-Willi Syndrome Association, Special Olympics and the Boys & Girls Clubs of America.
What does Mark like best about working at Rackspace? The culture. “If you give Rackers a vision and a strategy it will absolutely get done,” he says. “There’s nothing we think we can’t do.”
Mark holds a BBA degree in management from Texas A&M University.
Other Interviews in our Leadership Series:




Lean Leadership Interviews





Jeffrey Liker, NYT Best Selling Author, Professor, and Author of the Toyota Way

Jeffrey Liker, author of The Toyota Way, shares his thoughts on Toyota Kata, why sometimes root cause analysis isn't necessary, and what else he is excited to learn - even after 30 years of being a student of the Toyota Production System.




Eric Ries, Author of the Leanstartup

In this Podcast interview with Eric Ries, the author of The Leanstartup, we learn about the how he's applied Lean principles to starting companies. He also tells us about his consulting work with GE and how GE, worldwide, has applied Leanstartup throughout all its divisions and is considering Leanstartup as its new Operating System for the company.




Michael Balle, Author and Respected Lean Thinker

Michael Balle is a leading voice in Lean. In this interview, he shares with us his thoughts on Lean, tells us about his book, and spends a good amount of time discussing Respect for People.


Michael Jones, Head of Content at eBay


Michael Jones is the Head of Content at eBay and is the son of Daniel T. Jones, the co-author of The Machine that Changed the World - the watershed book that first brought awareness of the Toyota Production System to America.




Akash Trevidi

We caught up with Akash Trevidi, a product manager at Kiva.org, the microfinance company that aims to help entrepreneurs worldwide in order to alleviate poverty through self-reliance and entrepreneurship.




Hugh Molotsi, VP of Innovation at Intuit Labs

We caught up with Hugh Molotsi at the Lean Startup Conference. Hugh is the VP of Innovation at Intuit Labs. In this interview, we discuss how to encourage everyone's voice in innovative product development and  in solving problems.




Zetdi Runyan Sloan

Zetdi Runyan Sloan leads the startup and entrpreneurship events at the New Mexico State University. Learn about how use of Lean Startup.




Al Dupree

Al Dupree is the head of innovation at the National Institutes of Standards and Technology. In this interview, he discusses his use of Lean Startup principles in the world of research and innovation.


Cory Strong, Lean Leader at Nebraska Health System
Cory Strong first learned Lean by learning the Kawasaki Production System. Many years later, he finds himself in the exciting and high impact world of Lean Healthcare as a Lean Leader at the Nebraska Health System.




Jon Miller, CEO Kaizen Institute

We interview Kaizen Institute (Kaizen.com) CEO Jon Miller. In this interview, we get a glimpse of Jon's balanced and thoughtful approach to learning, teaching, and the application of the Toyota Production System.




Jonathan Escobar Marin
Global Head of Lean Management at Hartmann Group

Jonathan Escobar Marin is a Lean Leader and practitioner who first learned of the Toyota Production System while he was on a benchmarking trip to Toyota while employed at Procter and Gamble. In this interview you learn about his journey and how he blends the High Performance Organization Model with Lean.




Daniel Debow, SVP at Salesforce.com

Interview with Daniel Debow, Senior Vice President at SalesForce.com; In this podcast, we discuss Deming, Lean at SalesForce, and the SalesForce Wearables Initiative.




Matt Long, VP of Continuous Improvement at Herman Miller Inc.

Matt Long, VP of Continuous Improvement and 24 year veteran at Herman Miller Inc. shares with us the history of Lean at Herman Miller, their association with the Toyota Supplier Support Center, and about the Herman Miller Performance System.




Bob Emiliani, Author and Professor of Management

This interview with Dr. Bob Emiliani covers several aspects of Fake Lean versus Real Lean. There are real insights here from the "Lean Professor".




Michel Baudin, Author and Respected Voice in Lean Manufacturing

Michel Baudin is an author, highly-sought after consultant in the Toyota Production System. In this interview we learn about his distinctions between Lean-Lite versus Lean-Deep and how he understand the Respect for People Principle versus Respect for the Human as is used internally at Toyota.




Laura Busche, Author of Lean Branding

Lean Branding is an application of Lean principles to branding. Read her provocative and practical approach to brand branding using the principles of Lean.




Robert Martichenko, Founder of Leancor

Robert Martichenko is the Founder and CEO of LeanCor - a lean logistics and supply chain company. He is also the author of the book "A Lean Fulfillment Stream", published by the Lean Enterprise Institute. In this interview, he shares with us how Lean can be applied effectively beyond the 4 walls of manufacturing and outside the office, but infused into the entire supply chain.




Peter Armstrong, CEO of Leanpub (Lean Publishing)

Leanpub is an innovative approach to book publishing, where Peter believes that lean principles apply. He claims that writing a book is essentially a startup. And, the worst waste of all is writing a book that nobody wants. Read more to learn how to apply lean to the world of book publishing.




Keith Sparkjoy, Chief Culture Officer at Pluralsight

Keith Sparkjoy is the Culture Officer at Pluralsight, a Utah company that raised $135 Million in 2014 - an unprecedented amount of venture capital. And, here's the really cool part, as the culture officer, he's trying to transform his company using Dr. W. Edward Deming's teachings.



David J. Anderson, Author of many books on Agile, and inventor of Kanban for Creative and Knowledge work

David J. Anderson is the pioneer of the application of Kanban for creative knowledge work. His methodology and approach has had widespread acceptance and adoption and in this interview he shares results from companies that have tried his approach and other lessons learned.




Dimitar Karaivanov, CEO of Kanbanize

Dimitar Karaivanov is the CEO of Kanbanize, a visual kanban system designed for creative and knowledge workers. In this interview, we discuss the product and its many uses and how it embodies the principles of Lean.




Chris Hefley, CEO LeanKit

Chris Hefley is the CEO of LeanKit, a company that provides Virtual Kanban software for software development teams and knowledge workers. Reah his interview and learn what led to the development of LeanKit and the role Lean and the Toyota Production System plays.




Dan Markovitz, Noted consultant and expert on Lean for Office

In this interview with Dan Markovitz, we learn why he believes that everything is connected to the customer through the office. Based on this belief, he feels that Lean for Office makes the most sense. Read and learn how he's implemented Lean for the Office.




Jason Yip, Consultant to software development organzations

Jason Yip is a noted thoughtleader in software engineering. As a consultant, he helps software engineering organizations get better. In this interview, we learn the state of software engineering and the role of Agile, Lean for Software and Kanban.




Matthew May, NYT Best Selling author, consultant, and expert on Toyota Production System

Matthew May is an author and influential voice in Lean and also Design Thinking. He worked close to a decade at University of Toyota to help codify the Toyota Production System. In this interview, he shares with us his thoughts on his experience and what we can learn from it.




Mark Graban, Best Selling Author and expert on Lean for Healthcare

Lean Healthcare expert Mark Graban stops by and share his thoughts with Shmula readers on how Lean can be applied to arguably the most important industry in the world, healthcare.




Art Smalley, 15 Year Toyota Veteran and authority on Toyota Production System

Art Smalley is one of the most honest and influential voices in Lean. He was the first American to work in Japan's Kamigo plant, the plant where Taiichi Ohno began the Toyota Production System. He shares with us his thoughts on the Lean Movement and where it is going wrong.




Jeff Gothelf, Author of Lean UX, applying Lean for User Experience

Lean is being applied to every facet of business. Jeff Gothelf shares with us his thoughts on applying Lean for user experience, or Lean UX.




Cecil Dijoux, Expert Consultant on applying Lean for IT

Cecil Dijoux shares with us his thoughts on applying Lean to IT, definitely a must-read if you are in the information technology space.




Brent Wahba, Author and Expert on applying Lean for Sales and Marketing

Brent Wahba is a fellow at the Lean Enterprise Institute and shares with us his thoughts on Lean for Sales and Marketing.



 




Interview with Tony Hsieh, CEO of Zappos




Tony Hsieh, CEO of Zappos

In December 2008, I was fortunate enough to interview Tony Hsieh, CEO of Zappos. In a 5 part series of interviews, we discuss the Zappos strategy and Tony answers questions on why he chooses to focus on the customer and how he sees that as strategic.

Interview Questions from shmula.com blog readers
Tony Hsieh, CEO of Zappos, Part 1
Tony Hsieh, CEO of Zappos, Part 2
Tony Hsieh, CEO of Zappos, Part 3
Tony Hsieh, CEO of Zappos, Part 4
Tony Hsieh, CEO of Zappos, Part 5





 




Interviews with Customer Experience Experts



Mark Roenigk, COO of Rackspace and Board Member at the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation
Rackspace Interview on Customer Experience: We interviewed Mark Roenigk on June 10, 2013. We discussed the Net Promoter Score and also topics around process improvement and how Rackspace places the customer first.



Shep Hyken, Author and expert on Customer Experience Strategy

Shep Hyken Customer Service Interview: We interviewed Shep Hyken on June 3, 2013 and discussed topics close to his heart - the customer. We focused our discussion on customer service and how focusing on the customer is strategic, not just tactical.




Annette Franz, Customer Experience Strategist and Survey Design Expert

Annette Franz Gleneicki on Customer Experience Strategy: Annette Gleneicki is a customer experience thought leader and Director at Confirmit, a voice of the customer platform. We discuss her thoughts on customer experience and the direction of the overall field.



Michel Falcon, Customer Experience Strategist and Author

Michel Falcon on Improving the Customer Experience: Michel Falcon is a former executive at 1800GOTJUNK and was the person who propelled 1800GOTJUNK to become a customer service powerhouse. In this interview, we discuss what he did and the lessons he learned.



Adam Ramshaw, Consultant to fortune 500 companies on Customer Experience

Adam Ramshaw, a customer experience consultant with Genroe, explains the relationship between continuous improvement and customer experience.



 




Leadership Interviews




Aza Raskin, Author, Startup Founder, and Son of Mac Inventor Jef Raskin

This is a multi-part Interview with Aza Raskin, on the Humane Interface.

He discusses Agile Software Engineering.
Then, in a later interview Aza Raskin discusses the "infinite scroll" approach to Google search results.
In part 3, Aza Raskin shares his thoughts on Feature Bloat (aka, "Featuritis") and how to overcome it.
In part 4, Aza Raskin describes the concept of Quasimodal Design and how to implement it in our software projects.
Finally, Aza Raskin explains the role of Poka Yoke in the User Experience and why Lean should be applied to software engineering and knowledge work in general.





Mary Poppendieck, Author and codifier of Lean for Software Engineering

In this multi-part interview with Mary Poppendieck, the pre-eminent evangelist and teacher for Lean for Software, explains Lean Software Engineering.

Then, Shmula.com readers were able to ask her questions of their own - read them here as Mary Poppendieck’s Answers to ALL Readers’ Questions, which includes questions such as Should Lean be Top-down or Bottom-up?.
Then, another Interview with Mary Poppendieck.
Then, Another interview with Mary Poppendieck where she explains Lean Software Engineering to a Lean Six Sigma audience. Plus, here's the Original Article to Ask Mary Poppendieck Anything.
Finally, Mary considers the idea of "handoff" and how that's such a big problem in software projects - Mary Poppendieck on the Handoff and Waste





Gauri Nanda, Entrepreneur and inventor of Clocky

The inventor of Clocky, Gauri Nanda, shares with us her thoughts on innovation and the birth of Clocky



Gretchen Rubin, Author and evangelist of Happiness

In March 2010, I held a 2 part series of interview with Gretchen Rubin, the author of the Happiness Project. Her answers to reader's questions on a variety of topics centering on happiness will enlighten you. Gretchen Rubin, the author of The Happiness Project, shares with us here thoughts on how to be happy and what our part is in choosing to be happy.

Gretchen Rubin, the author of The Happiness Project, answers questions on happiness.
This is Part 1 of 2. And, In part 2 of 2, Gretchen Rubin, the author of the Happiness project answers more questions on how to be happy.





Spencer Rascoff, CEO of Zillow

Spencer Rascoff, the CEO of Zillow, shares with us his thoughts on this interview with Zillow back in June 2006.



Josh Coates, Entrepreneur and Startup Guy

Josh Coates, the founder of Mozy, shares with us jokes and the innovation behind Mozy.



Lloyd Hildebrand, Physician, Entrepreneur, and Enemy of Preventable Diseases that cause Blindness

Lloyd Hildebrand describes Diabetic Retinopathy and how his company, Inoveon, a Telemedicine Company, aims to eradicate diabetic retinopathy.



Ryan Kiskis, Gamer, Product Director, World of Warcraft

Ryan Kiskis of xFire, the developer of World of Warcraft, explains his thoughts on innovation.



Brian Hansen, Product Director, Kaboodle, the first pinterest

Kaboodle, was clearly the predecessor to Pinterest. We learn about Kaboodle and the innovation behind it.


 
Mark Jen, Product Manager, Guy who was fired from Google

Mark Jen, VP of Product Management at Plaxo, a Contact management company, the predecessor to Linkedin speaks to us about innovation and the business of business networking.


 
Samuel Adams, Community Director and expert on all things word of mouth

Bzzagent, the word of mouth marketing company, explains the power of the buzz.



 


Related Posts:A3 Thinking at RackspaceShep Hyken on Customer Service, Customer Experience, and…Customer Experience Perspectives: An Interview with Annette…Fired from Google: Interview with Mark Jen on Self-Esteem…Applying Continuous Improvement to Service Delivery with…

Comments




Shep Hyken says 
June 10, 2013 at 8:00 am 

Rackspace is one of today’s customer service rock stars.  When Mark Roenigk, COO of Rackspace, talks about their customer service strategies, I listen – and so should you.  They seem to do everything right.  They have an amazing customer-focused culture and a measurement system (NPS) in place to track their success.  I love the last line of the interview: “Rackspace is committed to helping our customers change the world- and we will do anything to make sure of it.”

Reply


 
Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 

 



Popular Posts
Lean Startup Conference 2014 Review (117572)Capacity Analysis, Cost and Production Analysis: A Lesson From Hamburgers (18958)Google Job Interview Questions: My Experience and Why I Rejected the Offer (13008)Lean Sales and Marketing with Brent Wahba (9903)Neighbor Dog Pooping On My Lawn (8621)
About Shmula
First, let’s talk about why this website is useful for you. Like you, I’m battling to become better and trying to put a small dent in my corner of the universe. I write about the struggle that we all face to become better leaders, better workers, and better people. I write about Lean and Six Sigma principles, and how we can put them into practice at our companies, in our businesses, and how to improve the customer experience. Get started by learning about Lean > 
Already know about Lean and Six Sigma? Get started with free downloads >

Tags
5S
business
business leadership
Change Management
company
Deming
Experiment
factory tour
healthcare
innovation
Kaizen
kanban
kanban board
kanban boards
kanban cards
kanban implementation
leadership
lean
Lean Consumption
Lean Culture
Lean for Software
lean manufacturing
lean methodologies
lean six sigma
lean six sigma tools
Lean Six Sigma Tools and Templates Downloads
lean thinking
management
Mary Poppendieck
methodology
organization
productivity
quality
quality improvement
Queue
Queues
Queuing
Red Bead
shmula.com
shmula blog
six sigma
six sigma tools
toyota
Turnaround Management
Waiting Line Management

 

Global Six Sigma Courses :

Six Sigma Yellow Belt
Six Sigma Green Belt
Six Sigma Black Belt
Six Sigma Master Black Belt


 


 



















Mark Roenigk - Career Profile

















Mark Roenigk






 


 




mark w.
roenigk
                                                                                      Page Two







Career Profile
Areas of Expertise
Experience
Publications/Recognition
Education

                                                      
  


EXECUTIVE CAREER PROFILE



Cloud Computing / Data Center Infrastructure / Operations / Supply Chain  

A proven, engaged, and results oriented leader with a passion for leading transformational change and driving business results.  Significant international experience in highly technical and complex business environments.  Breadth and depth of experience has led to many innovative approaches to managing business operations and the ability to create agile supply chain operations to meet ever changing business requirements.  Successful track record in providing strategic leadership in new product development & introduction, Cloud computing, data center infrastructure, supply chain optimization, operations management, quality assurance, employee development, and customer care across a variety of industries and business channels.  Team oriented and collaborative partner skilled in all facets of business from daily operational execution and partnership with the business leaders to develop new products, services, businesses, and sales channels.  
 

 

INTRODUCTION
  
Mark is a engaging leader with significant international business experience and a warm leadership style.  His collaborative approach and team orientation have been a big part of his success and effectiveness in building high performing organizations.   Mark is a strong believer in the application of process excellence & six sigma methodologies to build a strong operational foundation for sustained success.   Mark has both breadth and depth of subject matter expertise enabling his team to quickly deliver operational results while developing long term strategies for success.    He brings a very disciplined approach to operations and the metrics associated wtih measuring operational performance.  

 
EXPERIENCE
  
Mark spent most of his career in the high tech industry working for leading companies such as eBay, XM Satellite Radio, Intuit, Microsoft, and Compaq/HP.  He has significant experience in high volume and complex product launches in hardware, software, internet and services.   Mark is currently COO at Rackspace, the Open Cloud Computing leader.    Previously, Mark was Chief Procurement Officer and VP of Operational Excellence at eBay/PayPal.    In 2006 he was named Senior Vice President of Operations for XM Satellite Radio responsible for a variety of operational functions.   Prior to that Mark spent over 14 years in the PC Software industry working for industry leading companies such as Intuit, Microsoft and Compaq/HP.     


LEADERSHIP

Mark's ability to teach, coach, and mentor is what differentiates him from most other executives.  He has the reputation for building strong, cohesive, high-performing teams.   He has the unique ability to transfer knowledge to others and quickly ramp the caliber and performance of an organization.   He is a collaborative change agent that has consistently delivered exceptional results for the organization and the company.  His organizations consistently rank in the upper tier in employee and customer satisfaction.   Mark has been recognized for excellence in leadership at Microsoft, Intuit, and Clarke American.                                


AREAS OF EXPERTISE


Data Center Design, Engineering & Operations
Cloud Computing, Storage & Network Platforms
New Product Introduction
Supply Chain Optimization & Outsourcing

Operations Management 
Product Release Services
Procurement/Sourcing
Forecasting & Demand Planning 
Physical & Digital Fulfillment 
Distribution & Logistics 
Contract/Turnkey Manufacturing 
Product Lifecycle Management 
Quality Assurance/Six Sigma/Process Excellence 
Contract Negotiation & Administration 
Global Supplier Management 
Licensing & Subscription Management
Intellectual Property Control 
Anti-Piracy and Brand Protection 
Business Process Modeling 
Management of Global/Multi-National Teams 
Budget and P&L Management
Complex Program & Project Management
Employee & Team Development

      

                                                                                                              
EDUCATION
 
Mark earned a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in Management from Texas A&M University.   He has been recognized as one of the thought leaders in the Supply Chain profession and is a contributing member of the Stanford Supply Chain Forum in Palo Alto, CA.   He has also served on the advisory board for the College of Engineering at the University of Nevada.  
Contact Information:    markroen@aggienetwork.com


Copyright Mark W. Roenigk - All rights reserved - Contact Information:  markroen@aggienetwork.com
Mark Roenigk - Areas of Expertise

















Mark Roenigk






 


 




mark w.
roenigk
                                                                                      Page Two







Career Profile
Areas of Expertise
Experience
Publications/Recognition
Education

                                            Areas of ExpertiseNew Product IntroductionSupply Chain Optimization & OutsourcingOperations Management Product Release ServicesProcurement/SourcingForecasting & Demand Planning Physical & Digital Fulfillment Distribution & Logistics Contract/Turnkey Manufacturing Product Lifecycle Management Quality Assurance/Six Sigma/Process Excellence Contract Negotiation & Administration Global Supplier Management Licensing & Subscription ManagementIntellectual Property Control Anti-Piracy and Brand Protection IT IntegrationBusiness Process Modeling Management of Global/Multi-National Teams Budget and P&L ManagementComplex Program & Project ManagementEmployee & Team Development §        Proven, results driven, strategic leader with a can do mindset who is effective at setting strategy to enable business growth while delivering best in class operational results. §       Strong belief in process excellence & six sigma methodologies; able to apply them across diverse business initiatives.§       Demonstrated ability to manage significant change in an organization, company, customer and supply base.§       Strong interpersonal, collaboration and communication skills to work across, up, and down cross-functional organizations to achieve shared vision and a consistent, achievable business strategy.§       Ability to teach, mentor and coach; strong technical experience and proven ability to transfer knowledge to others.§       Strong problem solving and analytical skill set; ability to identify, frame and provide multiple solutions effectively.§       Proven ability to develop strong customer and supplier relationships; collaborative & disciplined approach to customer & supplier management and the associated performance metrics.§        Extensive experience across multiple business channels such as Retail, OEM, Internet/Web, Subscription & Licensing.§       Global experience in the design & development of intellectual property control technologies used for brand protection.§       Consistently able to meet operational timelines associated with new product introductions/launches regardless of complexity.§       Significant international business experience with emphasis in Asia, Eastern Europe, and emerging markets.§       Proficient in the negotiation and implementation of complex contracts & licensing agreements.§       Consistently increased employee satisfaction scores in annual employee survey 8 to 10 points year over year while concurrently driving strong improvements in customer satisfaction levels.   §       Able to clearly set forth business requirements to enable the development of new IT applications in support of operational functions. Copyright Mark W. Roenigk - All rights reserved - Contact Information:  markroen@aggienetwork.com



Customer Experience Management Strategy
























































































ShmulaLean Six Sigma. Simplified.
Login or create account
These articles highlight strategies in Customer Experience Management: from examples of current leading practices in customer experience to everyday stories of how customer experience can help organizations gain a competitive advantage, greater customer retention, and growth.


Lean Initiatives – Learning With AMS
By Shmula, Last Updated July 23, 2017From the vastness of the Grand Canyon to the red rocks of Sedona and the living Sonoran Desert, you will find Arizona’s landscapes inspiring! The spectacular canyons, blooming deserts, raging rivers, petrified forests, and scenic mountains enthrall lovers of the outdoors in pursuit of hiking, rafting, golf, or picturesque spots to watch the sunset. There […]
[VIDEO] A Keynote On TPS Lean Leadership Featuring Jeffrey Liker
By Shmula, Last Updated July 23, 2017Dr. Jeffrey K. Liker is Professor of Industrial and Operations Engineering at the University of Michigan, owner of Liker Lean Advisors, LLC,  Partner in The Toyota Way Academy, and Partner in Lean Leadership Institute. Dr. Liker has authored or co-authored over 75 articles and book chapters and eleven books. He is author of the international […]
DMAIC- Defining DMAIC and Identifying the Tools
By Shmula, Last Updated May 21, 2017  Understanding the basics of a viable Six Sigma practice begins with understanding DMAIC. Six Sigma DMAIC (Define, Measure, Analyze, Improve, Control) methodology can be thought of as a roadmap for problem solving and improvement. Organizations begin implementing Six Sigma by applying the DMAIC methodology, then subsequently adding DFSS (Design for Six Sigma) methodologies when […]
DFSS Design For Six Sigma: Understanding the Process
By Shmula, Last Updated May 14, 2017Design for Six Sigma (DFSS) is a business-process management method related to traditional Six Sigma. DFSS is used in industries, such as finance, marketing, engineering, process industries and electronics. It is based on the use of statistical tools like linear regression and enables empirical research similar to that performed in other fields. Six Sigma practices […]
VIDEO: A Historical Ford Study Focusing on Continuous Quality Improvement
By Shmula, Last Updated March 27, 2017After World War II, quality and efficiency improvement approaches (what we refer to as Lean and Six Sigma today) made their way to Japan to help rebuild their economy. This was accomplished through exchange trips and consulting advice from quality gurus like Dr. W. Edwards Deming. From the 1940’s to the 1980’s, Japanese manufacturers quietly drove […]
Voice of the Customer: Are We Asking the Right Questions?
By Shmula, Last Updated February 26, 2017When considering Voice of the Customer (VOC) initiatives in your organization, are you focused and asking the right questions? Lack of direction and unclear communications create results that produce failure for both the organization and their customers. The real goal of any organization is to be profitable, but when we don’t really listen to the […]
Understanding the Most Important Elements of Total Quality Management (TQM)
By Shmula Contributor, Last Updated February 14, 2017Understanding the Most Important Elements of Total Quality Management (TQM) Total Quality Management (TQM) is a management philosophy that strives to achieve the best possible results by centering all business activities and processes on customer satisfaction. Proper TQM implementation involves continual improvement and all members of the particular organization, and expected to take part in […]
Customer Experience: What Are We Really Fixing?
By Shmula, Last Updated December 12, 2016We have heard it all before. The customer is always right and what the customer says … goes! Yeah well, that is true … to a point. We will do whatever it takes to make the customer happy, but we are not going to change our core operational process because that is what made our […]
Capability Analysis: The Power in Variables
By Shmula, Last Updated October 11, 2016The capability analysis is a valuable tool for Lean Six Sigma professionals. Every process has performance limits and variables. There is power in understanding those variables and variances that customers will tolerate. It offers a method of understanding these variables or limitations, and aligns them with customer expectations. Understanding the Value of Capability Analysis Understanding […]
Balanced Scorecard: What Are Your Grades?
By Shmula, Last Updated August 30, 2016The Balanced Scorecard (BSC) is a report card for your business.  It is a strategic management tool that allows you to view the organization from different perspectives. The Balanced Scorecard allows a leader to align business activities to the vision and strategy of the organization, improve internal and external communications, and monitor organization performance against strategic […]
1
2
3
…
11
Next Page »



Popular Posts
Lean Startup Conference 2014 Review (117572)Capacity Analysis, Cost and Production Analysis: A Lesson From Hamburgers (18959)Google Job Interview Questions: My Experience and Why I Rejected the Offer (13008)Lean Sales and Marketing with Brent Wahba (9903)Neighbor Dog Pooping On My Lawn (8621)
About Shmula
First, let’s talk about why this website is useful for you. Like you, I’m battling to become better and trying to put a small dent in my corner of the universe. I write about the struggle that we all face to become better leaders, better workers, and better people. I write about Lean and Six Sigma principles, and how we can put them into practice at our companies, in our businesses, and how to improve the customer experience. Get started by learning about Lean > 
Already know about Lean and Six Sigma? Get started with free downloads >

Tags
5S
business
business leadership
Change Management
company
Deming
Experiment
factory tour
healthcare
innovation
Kaizen
kanban
kanban board
kanban boards
kanban cards
kanban implementation
leadership
lean
Lean Consumption
Lean Culture
Lean for Software
lean manufacturing
lean methodologies
lean six sigma
lean six sigma tools
Lean Six Sigma Tools and Templates Downloads
lean thinking
management
Mary Poppendieck
methodology
organization
productivity
quality
quality improvement
Queue
Queues
Queuing
Red Bead
shmula.com
shmula blog
six sigma
six sigma tools
toyota
Turnaround Management
Waiting Line Management

 

Global Six Sigma Courses :

Six Sigma Yellow Belt
Six Sigma Green Belt
Six Sigma Black Belt
Six Sigma Master Black Belt

















Mark  Roenigk - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Mark  Roenigk
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Mark  Roenigk. Find out Mark  Roenigk address and contact details. View other people related to Mark  Roenigk - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

5000 WALZEM  SAN ANTONIO 78218 TX




Companies related to Mark  Roenigk
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001107694RACKSPACE HOSTING, INC.Chief Operating Officer 1 FANATICAL PL  SAN ANTONIO 78218




Mark  Roenigk on the Web
Persons related to Mark  Roenigk - RACKSPACE HOSTING, INC.NamePositionCityDavid Richard  Belle-IsleSAN ANTONIOS. James  BishkinDirector SAN ANTONIONicola  BlatchSAN ANTONIOROELOF  BOTHAMENLO PARKJ Scott  CarterMENLO PARKChristopher  CochranInterim GM, Enterprise 5000 WALZEM ROADKEVIN  COSTELLODirector SUNNYVALEKEVIN  COSTELLOSAN ANTONIOScott  CrenshawSVP, Strategy & Product SAN ANTONIOEUGENE V  DEFELICESVP, General Counsel TOWN & COUNTRYOssa  FisherDirector SAN ANTONIOMICHAEL S  GILLILANDDirector MICHAEL S  GILLILANDDirector SOUTHLAKEJAMES J  GOETZMENLO PARKMICHAEL L  GOGUENMENLO PARKFrederic C.  Hamilton JRDirector SAN ANTONIOPROMOD  HAQUE10% Owner PALO ALTOPROMOD  HAQUE10% Owner PALO ALTOPROMOD  HAQUE10% Owner PALO ALTOPROMOD  HAQUE10% Owner PALO ALTOJohn E  HarperDirector PLANODavid  KellySVP, International UXBRIDGEDavid  KellySVP, International MIDDLESEXKlee Robert  KleberV.P. Marketing and Product Dev SAN ANTONIOKlee Robert  KleberSVP Marketing and Product Dev. 5000 WALZEM RD.BRUCE R  KNOOIHUIZENSr. V.P., CFO and Treasurer SAN ANTONIOBRUCE R  KNOOIHUIZENChief Financial Officer SAN ANTONIOMARK  KVAMMEMENLO PARKTiffany  LatheVP and GC MIDDLESEXDOUGLAS M  LEONEMENLO PARKJames  LewandowskiSenior VP, Worldwide Sales SAN ANTONIOJames  LewandowskiSVP and GM, Hybrid SAN ANTONIOJohn Patrick  LionatoSr. V.P. Customer Care SAN ANTONIOJohn Patrick  LionatoSVP, Customer Care SAN ANTONIOPatrick M.  MatthewsSVP, Corporate Development SAN ANTONIOMark P  MellinDirector SAN ANTONIOMark P  MellinDirector SAN ANTONIOKiprian  MilesV.P., Information Technology SAN ANTONIOStephen F.  MillsVP and CIO SAN ANTONIOPALMER L  MOEDirector SAN ANTONIOPALMER L  MOEDirector SAN ANTONIOLEW  MOORMANDirector SAN ANTONIOLEW  MOORMANPresident SAN ANTONIOLEW  MOORMANSAN ANTONIOLEW  MOORMANSAN ANTONIOMICHAEL J  MORITZMENLO PARKA Lanham  NapierCEO and President SAN ANTONIOA Lanham  NapierCEO SAN ANTONIOA Lanham  NapierSAN ANTONIONORWEST VENTURE PARTNERS VIII LP10% Owner PALO ALTOKarl  PichlerCFO MIDDLESEXKarl  PichlerInterim CFO SAN ANTONIOKarl  PichlerCFO CITY OF WINDCRESTKarl  PichlerCFO SAN ANTONIOKarl  PichlerCFO SAN ANTONIOKarl  PichlerCFO SAN ANTONIOALEX  PINCHEVEVP, Global Sales & Marketing Fred  ReichheldDirector SAN ANTONIOFred  ReichheldDirector SAN ANTONIOGlenn  ReinusSr. V.P. Worldwide Sales SAN ANTONIOTaylor  RhodesPresident & CEO MIDDLESEXTaylor  RhodesSAN ANTONIOTaylor  RhodesSVP and Chief Customer Officer SAN ANTONIOTaylor  RhodesPresident and CEO SAN ANTONIOTaylor  RhodesPresident & CEO SAN ANTONIOPhillip Wayne  Roberts JrSenior VP and Co-GM, Hybrid SAN ANTONIOMark  RoenigkChief Operating Officer SAN ANTONIOMark  RoenigkChief Operating Officer SAN ANTONIOSUAAD H  SAITChief Marketing Officer SAN ANTONIOJOSEPH  SAPORITOChief Accounting Officer HOUSTONJOSEPH  SAPORITOChief Accounting Officer SAN ANTONIOJOSEPH  SAPORITOChief Accounting Officer SAN ANTONIOSC IX.I MANAGEMENT, LLCMENLO PARKSCFF MANAGEMENT LLCMENLO PARKSCGF III MANAGEMENT LLCMENLO PARKAlan  SchoenbaumSr. V.P., GC and Secretary SAN ANTONIOAlan  SchoenbaumSr. V.P., GC and Secretary SAN ANTONIOAlan  SchoenbaumSr. V.P., GC, and Secretary SAN ANTONIOSEQUOIA CAPITAL ENTERPRENEURS ANNEX FUNDMENLO PARKSEQUOIA CAPITAL FRANCHISE FUND LPMENLO PARKSEQUOIA CAPITAL FRANCHISE PARTNERS LPMENLO PARKSEQUOIA CAPITAL GROWTH FUND IIIMENLO PARKSEQUOIA CAPITAL GROWTH III PRINCIPALS FUNDMENLO PARKCAPITAL GROWTH PARTNERS  SEQUOIA IIIMENLO PARKCAPITAL IX  SEQUOIAMENLO PARKMARK A  STEVENSMENLO PARKGEORGE J  STILL JRDirector PALO ALTOGEORGE J  STILL JRDirector PALO ALTOGEORGE J  STILL JRDirector PALO ALTOBrian  ThomsonSAN ANTONIOBrian  ThomsonManaging Director, UK SAN ANTONIOTroy Richardson  TomanV.P. Operations SAN ANTONIOTroy Richardson  TomanV.P. Operations SAN ANTONIOLila  TretikovDirector SAN ANTONIOLila  TretikovDirector SAN ANTONIOWELLS FARGO & CO/MN10% Owner SAN FRANCISCOGRAHAM M  WESTONDirector SAN ANTONIOGRAHAM M  WESTONChairman of the Board SAN ANTONIOGRAHAM M  WESTONDirector SAN ANTONIO












 















Rackspace Confirms Departure of COO Roenigk - TheStreet



































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Rackspace Confirms Departure of COO Roenigk









Tony Owusu




Jun 1, 2017 11:16 AM EDT













 


























































 Web hosting company Rackspace  (RAX) confirmed the departure of COO Mark Roenigk, according to the San Antonio Business Journal on Thursday, after nearly 8 years at that position with the company. He will be leaving the company June 28.  David Meredith, a senior vice president at Century Link  (CTL) , will take over for Roenigk. "Rackspace is strongly positioned to succeed in a market where businesses want help moving out of their legacy data centers so they can be more strategic in their IT operations," Meredith said in a statement.  Comcast  (CMCSA)  and Alphabet  (GOOGL) are just some of the tech names in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS portfolio. Get his insights on the biggest names in tech here. 



 



 










































If you liked this article you might like













This Pattern on CenturyLink Has My Attention
Be a buyer of CTL at current levels, risking a close below $21.



Bruce Kamich

Jul 27, 2017 12:59 PM EDT
























Warren Buffett Investing in Sprint Would Be Unusual, but Not Unprecedented
Buffett has limited experience investing telecom, but plenty of experience making sweetheart deals with companies in need of cash.



Laura Berman

Jul 14, 2017 3:30 PM EDT
























Some of These Top 7 Dividend Paying Stocks in the Tech Sector Are Real Dogs
The list.



Chris Ciaccia

Jul 11, 2017 11:33 PM EDT
























CenturyLink Faces $12 Billion Class-Action Lawsuit
The lawsuit is part of the fallout from a former employee alleging that the company had a sales incentive scheme.



Tony Owusu

Jun 19, 2017 11:00 AM EDT








































 











Trending


Starbucks Shares Are Crashing; Go Out and Buy!


I Believe 'Ugly' Would Be the Proper Term for the Selloff: Market Recon


Here's How You Can Get a Decent Job at Amazon on August 2


Don't Buy the Hype, Twitter Isn't Dead Yet; AT&T, Verizon Prove Their Worth


Twitter's Jack Dorsey on the Hot Seat Again After Company Adds ZERO New Users











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 












 

Mark Roenigk, Author at The Official Rackspace Blog






















 

























 







 








CLOSE



Cloud Insights
Products

Dedicated Hosting
Fanatical Support for AWS
Fanatical Support for Azure
VMware
Fanatical Support for Office 365
OpenStack Private Cloud
OpenStack Public Cloud
Security


Customers
Racker Culture
Newsroom
 
 








SUPPORT: 1-800-961-4454
SALES: 1-800-961-2888
Email Us
Sales Chat


Developers
Partners
SIGN UP

Rackspace Cloud
Cloud Sites
Email & Apps
Support for AWS
Office 365






















Cloud Insights
Products

Dedicated Hosting
Fanatical Support for AWS
Fanatical Support for Azure
VMware
Fanatical Support for Office 365
OpenStack Private Cloud
OpenStack Public Cloud
Security


Customers
Racker Culture
Newsroom






























 






Home  Authors  Posts by Mark Roenigk 





Mark Roenigk



 


                2 POSTS            

                0 COMMENTS            


        As Chief Operating Officer, Mark is responsible for the computing platforms on which Rackspace delivers products, services and support.

An engineer by trade, Mark manages the Rackspace global infrastructure and associated services such as data center engineering & operations, hardware design & configuration, networking, infrastructure services (storage, backup, and data protection), supply chain and procurement. He is also is responsible for global security, internal enterprise IT and the customer service tools that enable Rackers to deliver Fanatical Support®.

Mark started his career as an engineer at Compaq before moving into management, and later held senior leadership roles at Microsoft, Intuit, Sirius XM and eBay. Mark is regularly requested to participate on expert panels to discuss technology trends, supply chain innovation, net promoter programs and leadership. He has published articles in the fields of leadership, supply chain and digital & physical anti-counterfeiting technologies.

Mark has been a strong supporter of charities dedicated to enriching the lives of children with disabilities. He is on the Board of Directors of Taelor's House Foundation and supports the Prader-Willi Syndrome Association, Special Olympics and the Boys & Girls Clubs of America.

What does Mark like best about working at Rackspace? The culture. "If you give Rackers a vision and a strategy it will absolutely get done," he says. "There's nothing we think we can't do."

Mark holds a BBA degree in management from Texas A&M University.


        








 Cloud Insights 
The Rackspace Customer Experience Secret Sauce

Mark Roenigk -  June 12, 2013 
 
 



 Cloud Insights 
Open Compute Summit Comes To Texas

Mark Roenigk -  March 1, 2012 
 
 




Recent Posts



 Racker Culture 
Music Behind the Tech: Alex Ward

Garrett Heath -  July 28, 2017 

                Music and tech make a perfect pair — coding, troubleshooting and focusing on projects is often accompanied by a soundtrack for many in the...            


 




Rackspace TCT Inducts New Class of Technical Leaders 
July 27, 2017 

 
 




Diving Deep into the World of OpenStack Swift: Part 1 
July 27, 2017 

 
 




Five Future Cloud Trends You Need to Know About Today: Mobility 
July 27, 2017 

 
 




Maximizing ROI with Multi-Cloud 
July 26, 2017 

 
   

 
 
 






We've got your back
24x7x365





1-800-961-2888 Sales
1-800-961-4454 Support
 



Live Sales Chat



Email Us








About Rackspace Our Story
Events
News
Leadership
Customer Stories
Investors
Legal
Careers
Contact Information
Programs
 

Blogs The Rackspace Blog
Español Blog
Developer Blog
 

Support How-To
API Docs
Support 
Developers
Privacy
Terms
Trademarks
Support Forums
 










                    © 2017 Rackspace US, Inc.                






















Mark Roenigk - Limited Partner at Lead Edge Capital Management LLC



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Mark Roenigk
Limited Partner at Lead Edge Capital Management LLC



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Political Donations 


Mark Roenigk
Limited Partner at Lead Edge Capital Management LLC



 Overview



Age



56
                                  (Born 1961)
                                              




Notable Companies


Rackspace Hosting, Inc.




Board Seats



1





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 4,024 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




RelSci
July 11, 2017





                        Mark Roenigk is no longer serving in their position at Rackspace Hosting, Inc.                    





Marketwired
June 1, 2017





                        Rackspace Names David Meredith President, Private Cloud and Managed Hosting                    





Business Wire
April 12, 2017





                        Open Compute Project Foundation Reaches Important Milestones                    





Marketwire (Canada)
March 1, 2017





                        Rackspace Increases Focus on Healthcare with HITRUST CSF Certification                     





Marketwired
December 14, 2016





                        Rackspace Expands Multi-Cloud Networking Capabilities with Connectivity Through Megaport                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




Lorrie Norrington

Limited Partner at Lead Edge Capital Management LLC




Charles N. Martin, Jr.

Limited Partner at Lead Edge Capital Management LLC





David S. Pottruck

Limited Partner at Lead Edge Capital Management LLC




E. Stanton McKee, Jr.

Limited Partner at Lead Edge Capital Management LLC





Richard Marcus

Limited Partner at Lead Edge Capital Management LLC




Tom Meredith

Co-Founder, Chairman of the Board at Meritage Capital LLC





Ralph James Szygenda

Limited Partner at Lead Edge Capital Management LLC




John S. Hamlin

Limited Partner at Lead Edge Capital Management LLC





Gary Reiner

Former Limited Partner at Lead Edge Capital Management LLC




Kenneth DiPietro

Limited Partner at Lead Edge Capital Management LLC







See 4,014 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 4,014 More 


 


 Paths to Mark Roenigk



            Mark Roenigk          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Mark Roenigk






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Mark Roenigk.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



B.B.A. in Management 
Class of 1985 


Texas A&M University

                  Texas A&M University (A&M or TAMU) is a coeducational public research university located in College Station, Texas, United States. It is the flagship institution of the Texas A&M University System, the fourth-largest university in the United States and the largest university in Texas.Texas A&M's designation as a land, sea, and space grant institution reflects a broad range of research with ongoing projects funded by agencies such as the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), the National Institutes of Health, the National Science Foundation, and the Office of Naval Research. The school ranks in the top 20 American research institutes in terms of funding and has made notable contributions to such fields as animal cloning and petroleum engineering.                





 Career History



Limited Partner

                                    Current                


Lead Edge Capital Management LLC


                  Lead Edge Capital seeks to invest in expansion-stage technology companies that are interested in leveraging the company's vast network of corporate executives, successful entrepreneurs and investment professionals to drive sales and facilitate partnerships with the larger business community.

Lead Edge Capital targets rapidly growing companies worldwide within a variety of sectors, including, but not limited to, software, internet services, e-commerce and digital media.                




Chief Operating Officer

                                    2009 - 2017                


Rackspace Hosting, Inc.


                  Fanatical Support® has made Rackspace the service leader in cloud computing. We deliver enterprise-level hosting services to businesses of all sizes and kinds around the world. We got started in 1998 and since have grown to serve more than 205,000 customers. Rackspace integrates the industry's best technologies for each customer's specific need and delivers it as a service via the company's commitment to Fanatical Support. Our core products include Managed Hosting, Cloud Hosting and Email & Apps. There are currently over 4,800 Rackers around the world serving our customers                




Chief Procurement Officer

                                    2008 - 2009                


eBay, Inc.


                  eBay, Inc. operates as a commerce leader company including Marketplace, StubHub, and Classifieds platforms. It engages in the provision of investments and acquisitions to help enable commerce on platforms for buyers and sellers online or on mobile devices. It includes marketing services, including classifieds, and advertising. The company was founded by Pierre M. Omidyar in September 1995 and is headquartered in San Jose, CA.                




Senior Vice President-Operations

                                    2007 - 2008                


XM Satellite Radio, Inc.


                  XM Satellite Radio, Inc. delivers satellite radio programs. The firm is engaged in broadcasting music, sports, news, talk, entertainment, traffic and weather channels. The company was founded on December 15, 1992 and is headquartered in Washington, DC.                




Vice President-Supply Chain Operations

                                    2004 - 2006                


Intuit, Inc.


                  Intuit, Inc. engages in the provision of business and financial management solutions. The company operates through the following segments: Small Business, Consumer Tax, and ProConnect. The Small Business segment targets small businesses and the accounting professionals. It offers QuickBooks financial and business management online services and desktop software; payroll solutions; and payment processing services. The Consumer Tax segment includes TurboTax income tax preparation products and services. The ProConnect segment provides professional tax offerings, which include Lacerte, ProSeries, ProFile, and ProConnect Tax Online among professional accountants in the U.S. and Canada. Intuit was founded by Scott D. Cook and Thomas A. Proulx in 1983 and is headquartered in Mountain View, CA.                




General Manager

                                    1995 - 2004                


Microsoft Corporation


                  Microsoft Corp. engages in the provision of developing and marketing software and hardware services. Its products include operating systems for computing devices, servers, phones and intelligent devices. It also offers server applications for distributed computing environments, productivity applications, business solution applications, desktop and server management tools, software development tools, video games, and online advertising. It operates through the following segments: Productivity and Business Processes, Intelligent Cloud, and More Personal Computing. The Productivity and Business Processes segment consists of products and cloud services in portfolio of productivity, communication, and information services. It comprises of office commercial, office consumer, and microsoft dynamics business solutions. The Intelligent Cloud segment offers hybrid server products and cloud services. It comprises of server products and cloud services and enterprise services. The More Personal Computing segment comprises of windows, devices, gaming, and search advertising. The company was founded by William Henry Gates III in 1975 and is headquartered in Redmond, WA.                




Professional

                                    Prior                


Sirius XM Radio, Inc.


                  Sirius XM Radio, Inc. provides satellite radio services. It broadcasts music, sports, entertainment, comedy, talk, news, traffic,and weather channels, as well as infotainment services, in the U.S. on a subscription fee basis through its two proprietary satellite radio systems. Subscribers can also receive music and other channels, plus features such as SiriusXM On Demand and MySXM, over itsInternet radio service, including through applications for mobile devices. The company is headquartered in New York, NY.                




Engineer

                                    Prior                


Compaq Computer Corp.


                  Compaq Computer Corp. develops and manufactures a wide range of personal computing products. The company was located in Houston, TX.                





 Boards & Committees



Non-Profit Boards ▾




Director

                    Current                  


Taelors House Foundation







 Political Donations



$500

                  2009                


Ebay Inc-Committee For Responsible Internet Commerce








 Other Affiliations




              Mark Roenigk is affiliated with
                            Lead Edge Capital Management LLC, Rackspace Hosting, Inc., eBay, Inc., XM Satellite Radio, Inc., Intuit, Inc., Microsoft Corporation, Sirius XM Radio, Inc., Compaq Computer Corp., Taelors House Foundation.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













 

The Rackspace Customer Experience Secret Sauce - The Official Rackspace Blog
































 





























 







 








CLOSE



Cloud Insights
Products

Dedicated Hosting
Fanatical Support for AWS
Fanatical Support for Azure
VMware
Fanatical Support for Office 365
OpenStack Private Cloud
OpenStack Public Cloud
Security


Customers
Racker Culture
Newsroom
 
 








SUPPORT: 1-800-961-4454
SALES: 1-800-961-2888
Email Us
Sales Chat


Developers
Partners
SIGN UP

Rackspace Cloud
Cloud Sites
Email & Apps
Support for AWS
Office 365






















Cloud Insights
Products

Dedicated Hosting
Fanatical Support for AWS
Fanatical Support for Azure
VMware
Fanatical Support for Office 365
OpenStack Private Cloud
OpenStack Public Cloud
Security


Customers
Racker Culture
Newsroom






























 




Home  Cloud Insights  The Rackspace Customer Experience Secret Sauce





Cloud InsightsRacker Culture

The Rackspace Customer Experience Secret Sauce

By Mark Roenigk -  June 12, 2013 





I was recently interviewed by Pete Abilla, a blogger and friend, on Rackspace’s unique philosophy on customer experience. Everyone hears the words “Fanatical Support,” but what exactly does that phrase mean in terms of our customers’ experience with us? In the interview, I discuss with Pete how our Core Values, our NPS program and our Operational Excellence program work together as the secret sauce in helping our customers change the world.
Check out the full interview here: http://www.shmula.com/rackspace-hosting-customer-experience-secret-sauce-mark-roenigk/11093/
Share this post:Tweet 

 


NO COMMENTS


LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply 










 

 

 




Recent Posts



 Racker Culture 
Music Behind the Tech: Alex Ward

Garrett Heath -  July 28, 2017 

                Music and tech make a perfect pair — coding, troubleshooting and focusing on projects is often accompanied by a soundtrack for many in the...            


 




Rackspace TCT Inducts New Class of Technical Leaders 
July 27, 2017 

 
 




Diving Deep into the World of OpenStack Swift: Part 1 
July 27, 2017 

 
 




Five Future Cloud Trends You Need to Know About Today: Mobility 
July 27, 2017 

 
 




Maximizing ROI with Multi-Cloud 
July 26, 2017 

 
   

 
 
 






We've got your back
24x7x365





1-800-961-2888 Sales
1-800-961-4454 Support
 



Live Sales Chat



Email Us








About Rackspace Our Story
Events
News
Leadership
Customer Stories
Investors
Legal
Careers
Contact Information
Programs
 

Blogs The Rackspace Blog
Español Blog
Developer Blog
 

Support How-To
API Docs
Support 
Developers
Privacy
Terms
Trademarks
Support Forums
 










                    © 2017 Rackspace US, Inc.                



























 

The Rackspace Customer Experience Secret Sauce - The Official Rackspace Blog
































 





























 







 








CLOSE



Cloud Insights
Products

Dedicated Hosting
Fanatical Support for AWS
Fanatical Support for Azure
VMware
Fanatical Support for Office 365
OpenStack Private Cloud
OpenStack Public Cloud
Security


Customers
Racker Culture
Newsroom
 
 








SUPPORT: 1-800-961-4454
SALES: 1-800-961-2888
Email Us
Sales Chat


Developers
Partners
SIGN UP

Rackspace Cloud
Cloud Sites
Email & Apps
Support for AWS
Office 365






















Cloud Insights
Products

Dedicated Hosting
Fanatical Support for AWS
Fanatical Support for Azure
VMware
Fanatical Support for Office 365
OpenStack Private Cloud
OpenStack Public Cloud
Security


Customers
Racker Culture
Newsroom






























 




Home  Cloud Insights  The Rackspace Customer Experience Secret Sauce





Cloud InsightsRacker Culture

The Rackspace Customer Experience Secret Sauce

By Mark Roenigk -  June 12, 2013 





I was recently interviewed by Pete Abilla, a blogger and friend, on Rackspace’s unique philosophy on customer experience. Everyone hears the words “Fanatical Support,” but what exactly does that phrase mean in terms of our customers’ experience with us? In the interview, I discuss with Pete how our Core Values, our NPS program and our Operational Excellence program work together as the secret sauce in helping our customers change the world.
Check out the full interview here: http://www.shmula.com/rackspace-hosting-customer-experience-secret-sauce-mark-roenigk/11093/
Share this post:Tweet 

 


NO COMMENTS


LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply 










 

 

 




Recent Posts



 Racker Culture 
Music Behind the Tech: Alex Ward

Garrett Heath -  July 28, 2017 

                Music and tech make a perfect pair — coding, troubleshooting and focusing on projects is often accompanied by a soundtrack for many in the...            


 




Rackspace TCT Inducts New Class of Technical Leaders 
July 27, 2017 

 
 




Diving Deep into the World of OpenStack Swift: Part 1 
July 27, 2017 

 
 




Five Future Cloud Trends You Need to Know About Today: Mobility 
July 27, 2017 

 
 




Maximizing ROI with Multi-Cloud 
July 26, 2017 

 
   

 
 
 






We've got your back
24x7x365





1-800-961-2888 Sales
1-800-961-4454 Support
 



Live Sales Chat



Email Us








About Rackspace Our Story
Events
News
Leadership
Customer Stories
Investors
Legal
Careers
Contact Information
Programs
 

Blogs The Rackspace Blog
Español Blog
Developer Blog
 

Support How-To
API Docs
Support 
Developers
Privacy
Terms
Trademarks
Support Forums
 










                    © 2017 Rackspace US, Inc.                



























 






Mark Roenigk, Chief Operating Officer, Rackspace


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Mark Roenigk



Chief Operating Officer
at
Rackspace


Location: Austin, TX





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Mark Roenigk



Chief Operating Officer
at
Rackspace


Location: Austin, TX




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Mark W. Roenigk has been the Chief Operating Officer of Rackspace Hosting, Inc. since December 2009. Mr. Roenigk is responsible for helping Rackers (Rackspace employees) deepen the culture of service to provide an expanding customer base with Fanatical Support®. 
He joined Rackspace from the online retailer eBay, where he served as Chief Procurement Officer & Vice President of Operational Excellence. While there, he was responsible for the implementation of a company-wide operational excellence program that substantially improved the customer experience while driving significant process and financial efficiencies. 
Mr. Roenigk served as Senior Vice President of Operations for XM Satellite Radio, where he was responsible for all supply chain activities and global procurement in the manufacturing and distribution of XM products. He also served as Vice President of supply chain operations at Intuit and General Manager for Microsoft Corporation. His experience with Microsoft spanned 10 years and included operational roles across multiple business units. He started his career with Texas companies Clarke American (now Harland Clarke) in San Antonio, and Compaq Computer Corporation in Houston. 
Mr. Roenigk graduated from Texas A&M University with a B.B.A. in Management in 1985.



4

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Computer Related Service




Tags
Internet




Topics of Influence












N/A







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Mark RoenigkCareer (4)






2012




Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation



Board Member







Jan-2010




Rackspace



Chief Operating Officer







2005




Taelor's House Foundation



Board Member












OpenCompute Project



Board Member








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Mark RoenigkEducation






1984



Texas A&M University












 Edit



Mark RoenigkAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Mark Roenigk






 Edit
View all 



Mark RoenigkLinks (4)








Mark Roenigk - Chief Operating Officer - Rackspace Hosting
Source: www.rackspace.com
Mon, Nov 18, 2013 by Spoke Intel 

Share









Mark Roenigk | Rackspace Hosting | Email, COO, @rackspace.com
Source: www.lead411.com
Mon, Nov 18, 2013 by Spoke Intel 

Share









Mark Roenigk: Executive Profile & Biography - Businessweek
Source: investing.businessweek.com
Mon, Nov 18, 2013 by Spoke Intel 

Share









Mark Roenigk | LinkedIn
Source: www.linkedin.com
Mon, Nov 18, 2013 by Spoke Intel 

Share













Mark RoenigkInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Mark Roenigk









Mark RoenigkInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Mark Roenigk








Mark RoenigkRelated People








Colleagues at Rackspace







Joe Eazor

CEO
May-2017









Jeff Cotten

President
Jan-2017









Alex Fuerst

Vice President, Sales DACH
Sep-2016









Reinhard Waldinger

Managing Director, Rackspace International
Jul-2016








View all 
Peers (3)







Cole Crawford

Chief Operating Officer of OpenCompute Project









Karl Alomar

Chief Operating Officer of DigitalOcean









Francisco Romero

Chief Operating Officer of IBM Softlayer












View all 



Mark RoenigkRecommended Market Profiles








Service Providers

10,000 or More employees
23 companies


















