    Gregory Rogowski | Mueller Water Products , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com    Gregory Rogowski | Mueller Water Products , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com










 




	
        Compensation Information for Gregory S. Rogowski , President, Mueller Co. of MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS INC | Salary.com
    


























Enterprise
Small Business
Personal




Contact Us
Log In


































Salaries
Jobs
Education
Advice
























 





Gregory S. Rogowski 
Executive Compensation
As President, Mueller Co. at MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS INC, Gregory S. Rogowski  made $1,408,409 in total compensation.  Of this total $429,500 was received as a salary, $389,614 was received as a bonus, $0 was received in stock options, $552,069 was awarded as stock and $37,226 came from other types of compensation. This information is according to proxy statements filed for the 2016 fiscal year. 


ENTER AN EXECUTIVE OR COMPANY NAME
New Search


Go



The chart on this page features a breakdown of the total annual pay for Gregory S. Rogowski ,  President, Mueller Co. at MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS INC as reported in their proxy statements. 
Total Cash Compensation information is comprised of yearly Base Pay and Bonuses. MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS INC income statements for executive base pay and bonus are filed yearly with the SEC in the edgar filing system. MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS INC annual reports of executive compensation and pay are most commonly found in the Def 14a documents.
Total Equity aggregates grant date fair value of stock and option awards and long term incentives granted during the fiscal year.
Other Compensation covers all compensation-like awards that don't fit in any of these other standard categories. Numbers reported do not include change in pension value and non-qualified deferred compensation earnings.



Other Executives at this Company


Gregory E. Hyland 
Evan L. Hart 
Keith L. Belknap 
Marietta Edmunds Zakas 







Gregory S. Rogowski 


Base Pay$429,500
Bonus + Incentive Comp$389,614
Total Cash Compensation$819,114


Stock Award Value$552,069
Option Award Value$0
Total Equity$552,069



Total Other$37,226



Total Compensation$1,408,409




Browse Executives by First Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z


Browse Companies by Company Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
#



This report is not for commercial use. Thorough reviews have been conducted to assure this data accurately reflects disclosures. However for a complete and definitive understanding of the pay practices of any company, users should refer directly to the actual, complete proxy statement. 
Use of Data / Disclaimer
The information shown here is a reporting of information included in the company's proxy statement. The proxy statement includes footnotes and explanations of this information plus other information that is pertinent in assessing the overall value and appropriateness of the compensation information. For those interested in conducting a detailed compensation analysis, we recommend that you review the entire proxy statement. You may retrieve the full proxy statement by going to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) website at www.sec.gov and entering the company's name and then looking in the first column for an entry of "Form DEF 14A" (or any similar code). You may also find the annual proxy statement by going directly to the company's website.
What is a proxy statement?
A proxy statement (or "proxy") is a form that every publicly traded U.S. company is required to file with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission (SEC) within 120 days after the end of its fiscal year. The proxy must be sent to every shareholder in advance of the company's annual shareholders meeting. All proxy statements are public filings made available to the general public by the SEC.
The proxy statement's main purpose is to alert shareholders to the annual meeting and provide them information about the issues that will be voted on during the annual meeting, including decisions such as electing directors, ratifying the selection of auditors, and other shareholder-related decisions, including shareholder-initiated initiatives. Also, proxies must disclose specific detailed information regarding the pay practices for certain executives.







    





 

 






     

privacy policy
terms of use
about us
contact us

©  Salary.com. All rights reserved.


US Salaries
Canadian Salaries
Purchase a Salary Report
Salaries by Category
Salaries by Income
Salaries by Industry
Popular Salaries
Negotiation Tips
Benefits Calculator
Search Job Openings
Job Openings by State
Job Openings by Category
Education by Career
Education by Level
Education by Major
Cost of Living Calculator
























 











Gregory Rogowski | Mueller Water Products, Inc. | Email, Pres Mueller Co, @muellerwaterproducts.com 











































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Gregory Rogowski

 Mueller Water Products, Inc.  Pres Mueller Co


Updated On : 
                    Jun 29, 2017                            

export

















1200 Abernathy Road NE

Sandy Springs, GA 30328


Email format for @muellerwaterproducts.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Public                
Employees: 
5000 - 9999

Revenue:  
> 1 Billion

Industry:  
                        Materials/Manufacturing->Industrial Equip                    
SIC Code:  
                         3498  - Fabricated Pipe and Fittings








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    Mueller Water Products, Inc.'s Pres Mueller Co is where Gregory Rogowski is employed. On the other hand, the organization's CEO is Theresa Sarubbi. They are based in Sandy Springs, GA, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Industrial equip industry. Gregory Rogowski's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and contact information, and you can also find other Mueller Water Products, Inc. email addresses on Lead411 with the @muellerwaterproducts.com domain.  Some possible email formats for Gregory Rogowski are GRogowski@muellerwaterproducts.com, Gregory.Rogowski@muellerwaterproducts.com, Gregory@muellerwaterproducts.com, and Gregory_Rogowski@muellerwaterproducts.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@muellerwaterproducts.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Gregory R - Other
Have you been looking for contact information, like phone numbers and emails, on Gregory R?  Lead411 provides data on him which include twitter, linkedin url, wiki, and biography.  There is also California State University, Sacramento email addresses within the @csus.edu profile so Gregory R's email could be included.  Gregory R is part of the California State University, Sacramento which has its main offices in Sacramento, CA.  Currently holds the post of Geology Professor Emeritus.  You can find the company data on Lead411 under the Education/training industry.  Some possible email formats for Gregory R are GR@csus.edu, Gregory.R@csus.edu, Gregory@csus.edu, and Gregory_R@csus.edu. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@csus.edu addresses.
Gregory R - Pro Services
Located in Houston, TX Houston Independent School District has Gregory R serving as the organization's Teacher. Need Gregory R's email, linkedin, phone numbers, facebook, wiki and biography? You can find essential contact information in Houston Independent School District Lead411 profile, along with their Houston Independent School District email addresses using the domain. Search for Houston Independent School District on Lead411 under the Education/training industry.  Some possible email formats for Gregory R are GR@houstonisd.org, Gregory.R@houstonisd.org, Gregory@houstonisd.org, and Gregory_R@houstonisd.org. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@houstonisd.org addresses.
Gregory R. - Executive
Alcoa Inc's Vice President Industry Analysis- Managing Director Alcoa Beijing Trading Company, Shanghai China is where Gregory R. is employed. On the other hand, the organization's CEO is Caroline Conway. They are based in Ferndale, WA, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Metals/mining industry. Gregory R.'s profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and contact information, and you can also find other Alcoa Inc email addresses on Lead411 with the @alcoa.com domain.  Some possible email formats for Gregory R. are GR.@alcoa.com, Gregory.R.@alcoa.com, Gregory@alcoa.com, and Gregory_R.@alcoa.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@alcoa.com addresses.



Similar Employees:
Marietta Edmunds Zakas - Executive
Mueller Water Products, Inc.'s SVP Corporate Development & Communications is where Marietta Edmunds Zakas is employed. On the other hand, the organization's CEO is Theresa Sarubbi. They are based in Sandy Springs, GA, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Industrial equip industry. Marietta Edmunds Zakas's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and contact information, and you can also find other Mueller Water Products, Inc. email addresses on Lead411 with the @muellerwaterproducts.com domain.  Some possible email formats for Marietta Edmunds Zakas are MEdmunds Zakas@muellerwaterproducts.com, Marietta.Edmunds Zakas@muellerwaterproducts.com, Marietta@muellerwaterproducts.com, and Marietta_Edmunds Zakas@muellerwaterproducts.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@muellerwaterproducts.com addresses.
Evan Hart - Executive
For Mueller Water Products, Inc. email addresses with the @muellerwaterproducts.com format as well as facebook info, twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, as well as biography data for Evan Hart, you may check in Mueller Water Products, Inc.'s Lead411 profile. Evan Hart is currently the Chief Financial Officer for Mueller Water Products, Inc.. The company's CEO is Theresa Sarubbi. The contact information of Mueller Water Products, Inc. on Lead411 is filed under the Industrial equip. Their main offices are in Sandy Springs, GA.  Some possible email formats for Evan Hart are EHart@muellerwaterproducts.com, Evan.Hart@muellerwaterproducts.com, Evan@muellerwaterproducts.com, and Evan_Hart@muellerwaterproducts.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@muellerwaterproducts.com addresses.
Robert Keefe - Technology
A SVP/CTO/CIO at Mueller Water Products, Inc. based in Sandy Springs, GA, Robert Keefe has a comprehensive profile on Lead411. You can find the entry on Mueller Water Products, Inc. in our Industrial equip category. The company CEO is Theresa Sarubbi. There are email addresses on their profile and may include Robert Keefe' email format too. You can also find other contact information like facebook, phone numbers, biography, wiki, and linkedin for Robert Keefe.  Some possible email formats for Robert Keefe are RKeefe@muellerwaterproducts.com, Robert.Keefe@muellerwaterproducts.com, Robert@muellerwaterproducts.com, and Robert_Keefe@muellerwaterproducts.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@muellerwaterproducts.com addresses.

People Directory > Gregory Rogowski


























Gregory S. Rogowski - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Gregory S. Rogowski
President, Mueller Co. at Mueller Water Products, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Gregory S. Rogowski? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Gregory S. Rogowski's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Gregory S. Rogowski's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Gregory S. Rogowski's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Gregory S. Rogowski through your network of contacts.
												








Gregory S. Rogowski's Executive Work History


Current


President, Mueller Co., 
Mueller Water Products, Inc.


Past
To view Gregory S. Rogowski's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.S., 
															Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University


														 M.S., 
															University of Akron


														 M.B.A., 
															University of Richmond


Age
57

 
 


Gregory S. Rogowski's Biography




			Gregory S. Rogowski has been President of our Mueller Co. segment since May 2009. Previously, Mr. Rogowski was President and/or Chief Executive Officer of Performance Fibers, Inc., a polyester industrial fibers business from 2004 to 2009. He earned a Bachelor of Science degree from Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University, a Master of Science degree from the University of Akron and a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Richmond.
		
Source: Mueller Water Products, Inc. on 11/22/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Gregory S. Rogowski's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Gregory S. Rogowski. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Gregory S. Rogowski's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Gregory S. Rogowski's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Gregory S. Rogowski through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Gregory S. Rogowski


















Gregory S. Rogowski's Connections (24)





Sign up now to view Gregory S. Rogowski's 24 connections »









Thomas J. Hansen
Board Member, Mueller Water Products, Inc.









Jerry W. Kolb
Board Member, Mueller Water Products, Inc.









Evan L. Hart
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mueller Water Products, Inc.









Raymond P. Torok
Former President, U.S. Pipe, Mueller Water Products, Inc.









Marietta E. Zakas
Senior Vice President, Strategy, Corporate Development and Communications, Mueller Water Products, Inc.









Donald N. Boyce
Former Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, IDEX Corporation









Shirley C. Franklin
Board Member, Mueller Water Products, Inc.









Bernard G. Rethore
Board Member, Mueller Water Products, Inc.









Robert G. Leggett
Former Advisor, Mueller Water Products, Inc.









Mark J. O'Brien
Board Member, Mueller Water Products, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
























Our Management Team | Mueller Water Products



























Skip to main content





Search form

Search 
























Mueller Water Products
















                  Our Management Team                













 Gregory E. Hyland
Executive Chairman
Gregory E. Hyland has served as Executive Chairman of the Board since 2017.  He served as Chairman of the Board from 2005-2017 and as President and Chief Executive Officer from 2006-2017. Mr. Hyland served as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Walter Industries, a homebuilding, financial services and natural resources company, from 2005 - 2006. Prior to joining Walter Industries, Mr. Hyland served as President, U.S. Fleet Management Solutions of Ryder System, Inc., a transportation and logistics company, from June 2005 to September 2005. He served as Executive Vice President, U.S. Fleet Management Solutions of Ryder from October 2004 to June 2005. Mr. Hyland's other experience include serving as President of the Industrial Products Segment for Textron, Inc., a multi-industry company, from 2002 - 2003 and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Textron Golf, Turf and Specialty Products from 2001 - 2002. From 1997 - 2000, Mr. Hyland served as President of the Engineered Products Group, Flow Control Division of Tyco International, a diversified manufacturing conglomerate. Mr. Hyland graduated from the University of Pittsburgh, where he earned his Bachelor's and Master of Business Administration Degrees.
  

 J. Scott Hall
President and Chief Executive Officer
Scott Hall is President and Chief Executive Officer of Mueller Water Products, Inc. and a member of the Company’s Board of Directors. Prior to joining Mueller Water Products in 2017, Hall was President and CEO of Textron’s Industrial segment, which is comprised of Textron Specialized Vehicles, Textron Tools & Test, Jacobsen and Kautex. He also led the Textron Tools & Test division, a group of companies within the Textron Industrial segment that produce professional grade tools and test equipment. Hall was a member of Textron’s Executive Leadership Team.  Hall is a trustee on the Manufacturers Alliance/MAPI Board of Trustees, a leading business research and executive education organization and advocate for manufacturing interests. He also served on the Board of Directors of the National Association of Manufacturers.  Hall joined Textron in 2001 as president of Tempo, a multi-facility roll-up of communication test equipment. He was named president of Greenlee in 2003 when Tempo became part of the Greenlee business unit. Prior to joining Textron, Hall had several leadership roles at General Cable, a leading manufacturer of wire and cable. Hall ran General Cable’s Canadian businesses before taking over responsibility for GCC’s Global Communications business.  Hall received his Bachelor of Commerce degree from Memorial University of Newfoundland and his MBA from the University of Western Ontario Ivey School of Business, both in Canada.
  

 Gregory S. Rogowski
President, Mueller Co.
Gregory S. Rogowski has served as President of our Mueller Co. segment since 2009. From 2004 – 2009, Mr. Rogowski served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Performance Fibers. Prior to 2004, Performance Fibers was part of Honeywell (NYSE: HON). Mr. Rogowski joined Honeywell – then AlliedSignal – in 1986, and held positions in engineering, customer technology and marketing, including Global Marketing Director. Earlier in his career he was with Goodyear Tire and Rubber Co. and Atlantic Research Corp. Mr. Rogowski holds a Master of Science degree in Polymer Chemistry from the University of Akron and a Master of Business Administration degree in Marketing from the University of Richmond. He is also a graduate of Virginia Tech with a Bachelor of Science degree in Chemistry.
  

 Keith Belknap
Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Corporate SecretaryPresident, Mueller Technologies
Keith Belknap joined Mueller Water Products in 2012 and serves as Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary. He is responsible for all legal and corporate governance matters for the Company. In July 2015, he was appointed President of the Mueller Technologies, which is currently comprised of Echologics and Mueller Systems.  Prior to joining Mueller Water Products, Mr. Belknap was senior vice president, general counsel and secretary for PRIMEDIA Inc. where he was also responsible for the company's corporate development activities. Prior to PRIMEDIA, Mr. Belknap was assistant general counsel of PPG Industries, a Fortune 250 global manufacturer. Previous to PPG, he served as a principal counsel to Georgia-Pacific Corporation. Mr. Belknap joined Georgia-Pacific from the law firm of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP where he focused on domestic and international strategic and financial transactions and general corporate matters. Mr. Belknap graduated with honors from Harvard Law School and is a member of the Bar in the states of California and Illinois. He received his Bachelor of Arts with honors from the University of Tulsa.
  

 Evan L. Hart
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Evan Hart was named Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Mueller Water Products in 2008. He joined the Company in 2006 as Vice President of Financial Planning and Analysis and was promoted to Controller in 2007. Prior to joining Mueller Water Products, Mr. Hart had been Vice President, Controller and Treasurer for Unisource Worldwide, Inc. for four years. He had previously been with Georgia-Pacific Corporation for ten years where he served in such roles as Division Controller, Senior Manager of Financial Reporting and Internal Audit Supervisor. Mr. Hart began his career with Price Waterhouse in Birmingham, Ala. and Atlanta, Ga. where he served audit clients in the manufacturing and health care industries. Mr. Hart holds a Bachelor of Science in accounting and economics from Birmingham-Southern College in Birmingham, Ala. and is a Certified Public Accountant.
  

 Robert P. Keefe
Senior Vice President, Chief Technology Officer and Chief Information Officer
Robert P. Keefe is responsible for creating and directing Mueller Water Products’ water technology and information technology strategies. Prior to joining the Company in 2007, Mr. Keefe served as Vice President and Chief Information Officer at Russell Corporation from 2002. He also held senior level positions with ConAgra Foods, Kraft Foods and Wyeth Pharmaceuticals. Mr. Keefe started his career in scientific research at Brookhaven National Laboratory. He earned his MBA from Pace University and holds a bachelor's degree from the State University of New York at Oswego. Mr. Keefe served five years on the Board of Directors for the Society for Information Management (SIM), including as its Chairman.

  

 Marietta Edmunds Zakas
Senior Vice President, Strategy, Corporate Development and Communications
Marietta Edmunds Zakas has directed Mueller Water Products' strategic planning, investor relations and corporate communications activities since 2006. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Zakas spent five years with Russell Corporation, a $1.43 billion athletic apparel, footwear and equipment company prior to its 2006 acquisition by Berkshire Hathaway. Ms. Zakas held a variety of positions with Russell, culminating in her role as corporate vice president, chief of staff, business development and treasurer. From 1993 to 2000, Ms. Zakas served as corporate vice president, director of investor relations and corporate secretary for Equifax, Inc., a consumer and commercial credit reporting agency. She also served as Equifax's treasurer. Ms. Zakas earned a Bachelor of Arts degree with honors from Randolph-Macon Women’s College (now known as Randolph College), a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Virginia Darden School of Business and a Juris Doctor from the University of Virginia School of Law.  Ms. Zakas is a director of Atlantic Capital Bank and Atlantic Capital Bancshares.
  

 











 The Full Story
To learn more about the history of Mueller Water Products' business segments, please visit their respective websites:

 
  

 






 

















LinkedIn
Twitter
YouTube
Google Plus


©2015 Mueller Water Products, Inc.
Conflict Minerals Disclosure
Safe Harbor Statement
Legal Statement
Privacy











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Gregory Rogowski |  | Decypha

































Sign In
|
Welcome  Guest 









 







Regions

GCC
                                |
                                    Levant
                                |
                                    MENA
                                |
                                    North Africa




GCC

Bahrain
                            |
                            Kuwait
                            |
                            Oman
                            |
                            Qatar
                            |
                            Saudi Arabia
                            |
                            United Arab Emirates




Levant

Iraq
                            |
                            Jordan
                            |
                            Lebanon
                            |
                            Palestine




North Africa

Egypt
                            |
                            Libya
                            |
                            Morocco
                            |
                            Tunisia




Others

Iran
                            |
                            Turkey
                            |
                            United Kingdom
                            |
                            United States












Advanced Search















News






Markets






Companies






Research






Funds






Fixed Income






Money Markets






Commodities






FX






Economics






Analysis






More











Sign In
Membership
Customize Your Decypha
Logout
Welcome
Decypha Alerts












Home




People Profiles




People Profile



Gregory Rogowski Profile














Full Name:

                                                    Gregory Rogowski
                                                







Country:











Biography


                                                    Gregory S. Rogowski has served as President of our Mueller Co. segment since May 2009. Previously he was President and Chief Executive Officer of Performance... 











Designations




Date
Designation
Entity
Entity Description
Country




2009


Mueller Water Products, Inc.

--

--









Check all the  individuals in 
Check The List






Request a Trial
















Title:*


Select
Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Job Title:*


Select
 Asset Managers
 Corporate Banks
 Investment Managers
 Wealth Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Legal Practioners
 Academics
 Hedge Funds
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Equity Research Analysts




Phone:*



Company:*




Email:*




Country:*


Select

                                                Afganistan
                                        

                                                Albania
                                        

                                                Algeria
                                        

                                                American Samoa
                                        

                                                Andorra
                                        

                                                Angola
                                        

                                                Anguilla
                                        

                                                Antarctica
                                        

                                                Antigua and Barbuda
                                        

                                                Argentina
                                        

                                                Armenia
                                        

                                                Aruba
                                        

                                                Australia
                                        

                                                Austria
                                        

                                                Azerbaijan
                                        

                                                Bahamas
                                        

                                                Bahrain
                                        

                                                Bangladesh
                                        

                                                Barbados
                                        

                                                Belarus
                                        

                                                Belgium
                                        

                                                Belize
                                        

                                                Benin
                                        

                                                Bermuda
                                        

                                                Bhutan
                                        

                                                Bolivia
                                        

                                                Bosnia and Herzegovina
                                        

                                                Botswana
                                        

                                                Bouvet Island
                                        

                                                Brazil
                                        

                                                British Indian Ocean Territory
                                        

                                                Brunei
                                        

                                                Bulgaria
                                        

                                                Burkina Faso
                                        

                                                Burundi
                                        

                                                Cambodia
                                        

                                                Cameroon
                                        

                                                Canada
                                        

                                                Cape Verde
                                        

                                                Cayman Islands
                                        

                                                Central African Republic
                                        

                                                Chad
                                        

                                                Chile
                                        

                                                China
                                        

                                                Christmas Island
                                        

                                                Cocos (Keeling) Islands
                                        

                                                Colombia
                                        

                                                Comoros
                                        

                                                Congo
                                        

                                                Cook Islands
                                        

                                                Costa Rica
                                        

                                                Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
                                        

                                                Croatia (Hrvatska)
                                        

                                                Cuba
                                        

                                                Curacao
                                        

                                                Cyprus
                                        

                                                Czech Republic
                                        

                                                Czechoslovakia (former)
                                        

                                                Denmark
                                        

                                                Djibouti
                                        

                                                Dominica
                                        

                                                Dominican Republic
                                        

                                                East Timor
                                        

                                                Ecuador
                                        

                                                Egypt
                                        

                                                El Salvador
                                        

                                                Equatorial Guinea
                                        

                                                Eritrea
                                        

                                                Estonia
                                        

                                                Ethiopia
                                        

                                                Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
                                        

                                                Faroe Islands
                                        

                                                Fiji
                                        

                                                Finland
                                        

                                                France
                                        

                                                France, Metropolitan
                                        

                                                French Guiana
                                        

                                                French Polynesia
                                        

                                                French Southern Territories
                                        

                                                Gabon
                                        

                                                Gambia
                                        

                                                Georgia
                                        

                                                Germany
                                        

                                                Ghana
                                        

                                                Gibraltar
                                        

                                                Greece
                                        

                                                Greenland
                                        

                                                Grenada
                                        

                                                Guadeloupe
                                        

                                                Guam
                                        

                                                Guatemala
                                        

                                                Guernsey
                                        

                                                Guinea
                                        

                                                Guinea-Bissau
                                        

                                                Guyana
                                        

                                                Haiti
                                        

                                                Heard and McDonald Islands
                                        

                                                Honduras
                                        

                                                Hong Kong
                                        

                                                Hungary
                                        

                                                Iceland
                                        

                                                India
                                        

                                                Indonesia
                                        

                                                Iran
                                        

                                                Iraq
                                        

                                                Ireland
                                        

                                                Isle of Man
                                        

                                                Israel
                                        

                                                Italy
                                        

                                                Jamaica
                                        

                                                Japan
                                        

                                                Jersey
                                        

                                                Jordan
                                        

                                                Kazakhstan
                                        

                                                Kenya
                                        

                                                Kiribati
                                        

                                                Kuwait
                                        

                                                Kyrgyzstan
                                        

                                                Laos
                                        

                                                Latvia
                                        

                                                Lebanon
                                        

                                                Lesotho
                                        

                                                Liberia
                                        

                                                Libya
                                        

                                                Liechtenstein
                                        

                                                Lithuania
                                        

                                                Luxembourg
                                        

                                                Macau
                                        

                                                Macedonia
                                        

                                                Madagascar
                                        

                                                Malawi
                                        

                                                Malaysia
                                        

                                                Maldives
                                        

                                                Mali
                                        

                                                Malta
                                        

                                                Marshall Islands
                                        

                                                Martinique
                                        

                                                Mauritania
                                        

                                                Mauritius
                                        

                                                Mayotte
                                        

                                                Mexico
                                        

                                                Micronesia
                                        

                                                Moldova
                                        

                                                Monaco
                                        

                                                Mongolia
                                        

                                                Montenegro
                                        

                                                Montserrat
                                        

                                                Morocco
                                        

                                                Mozambique
                                        

                                                Myanmar
                                        

                                                Namibia
                                        

                                                Nauru
                                        

                                                Nepal
                                        

                                                Netherlands
                                        

                                                Netherlands Antilles
                                        

                                                Neutral Zone
                                        

                                                New Caledonia
                                        

                                                New Zealand (Aotearoa)
                                        

                                                Nicaragua
                                        

                                                Niger
                                        

                                                Nigeria
                                        

                                                Niue
                                        

                                                Norfolk Island
                                        

                                                North Korea
                                        

                                                Northern Mariana Islands
                                        

                                                Norway
                                        

                                                Oman
                                        

                                                Pakistan
                                        

                                                Palau
                                        

                                                Palestine
                                        

                                                Panama
                                        

                                                Papua New Guinea
                                        

                                                Paraguay
                                        

                                                Peru
                                        

                                                Philippines
                                        

                                                Pitcairn
                                        

                                                Poland
                                        

                                                Portugal
                                        

                                                Puerto Rico
                                        

                                                Qatar
                                        

                                                Reunion
                                        

                                                Romania
                                        

                                                Russia
                                        

                                                Rwanda
                                        

                                                S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
                                        

                                                Saint Kitts and Nevis
                                        

                                                Saint Lucia
                                        

                                                Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
                                        

                                                Samoa
                                        

                                                San Marino
                                        

                                                Sao Tome and Principe
                                        

                                                Saudi Arabia
                                        

                                                Senegal
                                        

                                                Serbia
                                        

                                                Seychelles
                                        

                                                Sierra Leone
                                        

                                                Singapore
                                        

                                                Slovak Republic
                                        

                                                Slovenia
                                        

                                                Solomon Islands
                                        

                                                Somalia
                                        

                                                South Africa
                                        

                                                South Korea
                                        

                                                South Sudan
                                        

                                                Spain
                                        

                                                Sri Lanka
                                        

                                                St. Helena
                                        

                                                St. Pierre and Miquelon
                                        

                                                Sudan
                                        

                                                Suriname
                                        

                                                Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
                                        

                                                Swaziland
                                        

                                                Sweden
                                        

                                                Switzerland
                                        

                                                Syria
                                        

                                                Taiwan
                                        

                                                Tajikistan
                                        

                                                Tanzania
                                        

                                                Thailand
                                        

                                                Togo
                                        

                                                Tokelau
                                        

                                                Tonga
                                        

                                                Trinidad and Tobago
                                        

                                                Tunisia
                                        

                                                Turkey
                                        

                                                Turkmenistan
                                        

                                                Turks and Caicos Islands
                                        

                                                Tuvalu
                                        

                                                US Minor Outlying Islands
                                        

                                                USSR (former)
                                        

                                                Uganda
                                        

                                                Ukraine
                                        

                                                United Arab Emirates
                                        

                                                United Kingdom
                                        

                                                United States
                                        

                                                Uruguay
                                        

                                                Uzbekistan
                                        

                                                Vanuatu
                                        

                                                Vatican City State (Holy See)
                                        

                                                Venezuela
                                        

                                                Vietnam
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (British)
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (U.S.)
                                        

                                                Wallis and Futuna Islands
                                        

                                                Western Sahara
                                        

                                                Yemen
                                        

                                                Yugoslavia
                                        

                                                Zaire
                                        

                                                Zambia
                                        

                                                Zimbabwe
                                        




Comments:





*Required Fields


 

 Submit








Already Registered?








Login attempt was not successful. Please try again








Username/ Email:



Password:





Enter Characters:















 

 Login





 Forget your password?
























By Job Title


Asset Managers |
                                    Corporate Banks |
                                    Investment Managers |
                                    Wealth Managers |
                                    Consultants & Advisors |
                                    Legal Practitioners |
                                    Academics |
                                    Hedge Funds |
                                    Private Equity Analysts |
                                    Traders |
                                    Equity Research Analysts


By Scope


Equity |
                                    Fixed Income |
                                    Funds |
                                    Excel  |
                                    Analytical Tools  |
                                    Markets  |
                                    Prices  |
                                    Money Market |
                                    News |
                                    Industry |
                                    IPOs |
                                    Mergers & Acquisitions |
                                    Commodities |
                                    Economics



Covered Countries and Exchanges

















Add Your Company | 
                                        Add Yourself | 
                                        Terms and Conditions | 
                                        Privacy Policy | 
                                        About DirectFN









Copyright ©  DirectFN. All Rights Reserved.











Data Not Available









Login











Login attempt was not successful. Please try again


Username/ Email:


Password:



Enter Characters:











 Forget your password?











Back to Top

Support & Feedback


Ask for free trial









Request a Trial
















Title:*


Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Email:*




Phone:*



Promo. Code:



Country:*


Select
Afganistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
Croatia (Hrvatska)
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Czechoslovakia (former)
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
France, Metropolitan
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
New Zealand (Aotearoa)
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovak Republic
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre and Miquelon
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
US Minor Outlying Islands
USSR (former)
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Company:*



Job Title:


Select
 Academics
 Asset Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Corporate Banks
 Equity Research Analysts
 Hedge Funds
 Investment Managers
 Legal Practioners
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Wealth Managers




Comments:




*Required Fields


 

 Submit



















Contact Us












Hello ,Please use the below form for
                            Product support & feedback


Name :  *  


Email:  * 


Phone Number :  * 






Preferred contact method :
Email
Phone











Technical Support 24x7: +94 112 314900 / slhops@directfn.net
Your Account Manager is, , , 






















 Get a Decypha Membership to view this content..................







Get a Decypha Membership


 Get the membership of Decypha Premium Package to access more exciting features including advanced analytical tools and the Pro 10 package. Pro 10 is designed keeping active investors in mind and offers a flexible framework to view information and do analysis the way you desire.

All you need to access these valuable features is to click on the Get a membership button and submit your details to our sales team.















Upgrade your Membership


 Account is not entitled to view this information.

 Please contact your account manager to upgrade your Membership.

Email :  support@decypha.com






 Register to view this content..................







 Decypha Free Registration


Register free with Decypha and get access to real-time price information and many other features including Technical Scanner, Fundamental Screener etc.

Just click the Registration button, submit your details and get registered for free.








 











Gregory Rogowski - Mueller Water Products Insider Transactions | TipRanks   





Go ProLogin / Sign Up Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsInsider DetailsGregory RogowskiMueller Water Products (MWA)President, Mueller Co. Not RankedGregory Rogowski's PerformanceGregory Rogowski has not reported any informative transactions and therefore cannot be ranked.How are Insiders Ranked? Insider Holdings 100.0% Mueller Water Products (MWA)$4MSee the Top Stocks by Insiders > Insider RolesMueller Water Products (MWA): President, Mueller Co.See the Top 25 Corporate Insiders > Most Profitable Insider TradeStock: Mueller Water Products (MWA)Transaction Type: Informative SellDates: Nov 24, 2014 - Nov 24, 2015Gain: +3.9%See the Latest Stocks Traded by Insiders > Gregory Rogowski's Trading Historybased on Form 4 Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsCompany NameInsider PositionHolding ValueLast TransactionLast Transaction  AmountLast Transaction DateMWAMueller Water ProductsPresident, Mueller Co.$4,381,067Uninformative Buy$285,991.68Dec 01, 2016Success Rate on Stock1 out of 1 profitable transactions on MWAAverage Profit on StockAverage return per transaction on MWA 3.9% Track Record Showing:All TransactionsInformative TransactionsDateTransactionAmountNo. of SharesPrice per ShareProfitForm 4 Dec 01, 2016 Uninformative Buy $286K 21,568 $13.18 N/A  Dec 04, 2015 Uninformative Sell $27K 2,979 $9.148 N/A  Dec 03, 2015 Uninformative Buy $275K 79,358 $9.021 N/A Show MoreSee All Insider Trading from Today >You May Also LikeMeet our Smart Portfolio. See what top analysts say about your stocks.Get a breakdown of the different strategies based on detected insider trading activity.Find the best performing Analyst in each sector. Follow them so you never miss a recommendation.Related LinksHow can I benefit from Insider Trading? >See the Top 25 Corporate Insiders >Go to Hot Stocks by Insiders >Find which stocks Insiders traded today >Become a TipRanks MemberGet the best Investing Tips & Hacks straight to your emailFree MembershipSubmitInsider Trading Daily NewsletterProfessional day-trading strategy based on predictive insider transactionsAnnual Return: +85.42%Learn More >Powered by
























