






























NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) Stake Cut by Rosenblum Silverman Sutton S F Inc. CA - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for NVIDIA Corporation

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor NVIDIA Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

MercadoLibre, Inc. (NASDAQ:MELI) Stake Reduced by UBS Group AG
UBS Group AG Decreases Position in EQT Corporation (NYSE:EQT)
Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $62.71 Million Stake in iRobot Corporation (IRBT)
Liberty Mutual Group Asset Management Inc. Lowers Stake in Macerich Company (The) (MAC)
Geode Capital Management LLC Has $27.99 Million Position in AutoNation, Inc. (AN)
Liberty Mutual Group Asset Management Inc. Has $352,000 Position in Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. (JEC)
Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $63.37 Million Stake in Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. (RRGB)
NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) Stake Cut by Rosenblum Silverman Sutton S F Inc. CA
Geode Capital Management LLC Increases Stake in Enbridge Inc (ENB)
News Corporation (NWSA) Shares Sold by Liberty Mutual Group Asset Management Inc.
Highbridge Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Carbonite, Inc. (CARB)
Highbridge Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in Ascendis Pharma A/S (ASND)
Highbridge Capital Management LLC Purchases Shares of 146,967 Curis, Inc. (CRIS)
Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Position Decreased by Soros Fund Management LLC
Gotham Asset Management LLC Decreases Position in Innoviva, Inc. (INVA)
Capella Education Company (CPLA) Shares Bought by AQR Capital Management LLC
AQR Capital Management LLC Sells 13,459 Shares of SEI Investments Company (SEIC)
Gotham Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Qualys, Inc. (QLYS)
42,694 Shares in Unit Corporation (UNT) Acquired by Gotham Asset Management LLC
Twenty-First Century Fox (FOXA) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.10







NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) Stake Cut by Rosenblum Silverman Sutton S F Inc. CA


					Posted by Joanna Charbonneau on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments




Rosenblum Silverman Sutton S F Inc. CA cut its stake in shares of  NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) by 11.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The fund owned 100,957 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock after selling 12,823 shares during the period. NVIDIA Corporation makes up  about  4.7% of Rosenblum Silverman Sutton S F Inc. CA’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 4th largest position. Rosenblum Silverman Sutton S F Inc. CA’s holdings in NVIDIA Corporation were worth $10,997,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
A number of other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Arete Wealth Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of  NVIDIA Corporation by 0.3% in the first quarter. Arete Wealth Advisors LLC now owns 2,884 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock valued at $314,000 after buying an additional 10 shares during the period.  Savant Capital LLC raised its position in shares of  NVIDIA Corporation by 2.7% in the first quarter. Savant Capital LLC now owns 2,270 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock worth $247,000 after buying an additional 60 shares during the last quarter.  Whittier Trust Co. raised its position in shares of  NVIDIA Corporation by 2.1% in the first quarter. Whittier Trust Co. now owns 3,135 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock worth $341,000 after buying an additional 63 shares during the last quarter.  Rational Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of  NVIDIA Corporation by 2.0% in the first quarter. Rational Advisors LLC now owns 4,045 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock worth $441,000 after buying an additional 80 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Pier Capital LLC raised its position in shares of  NVIDIA Corporation by 1.8% in the first quarter. Pier Capital LLC now owns 4,631 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock worth $504,000 after buying an additional 81 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  68.84% of the company’s stock. 


 Get NVIDIA Corporation alerts:



Shares of NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ NVDA) opened at 166.15 on Tuesday. NVIDIA Corporation has a one year low of $55.38 and a one year high of $168.78. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $154.46 and a 200 day moving average price of $121.62. The company has a market cap of $98.86 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 55.77 and a beta of 1.23. 





NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The computer hardware maker reported $0.82 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.66 by $0.16. NVIDIA Corporation had a net margin of 25.95% and a return on equity of 36.40%. The business had revenue of $1.94 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.91 billion. During the same period last year, the company posted $0.46 EPS. The business’s revenue was up 48.7% on a year-over-year basis.  Equities analysts predict that  NVIDIA Corporation will post $3.09 EPS for the current year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) Stake Cut by Rosenblum Silverman Sutton S F Inc. CA” was  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/25/nvidia-corporation-nvda-stake-lowered-by-rosenblum-silverman-sutton-s-f-inc-ca-updated-updated.html. 
A number of equities analysts have recently weighed in on the company. UBS AG  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $132.00 target price on shares of NVIDIA Corporation in a research report on Monday, April 10th. B. Riley  reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $135.00 price target on shares of NVIDIA Corporation in a report on Monday, May 8th. BidaskClub upgraded NVIDIA Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, July 11th. Summit Redstone  reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of NVIDIA Corporation in a report on Saturday. Finally, Canaccord Genuity  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $180.00 price objective (up previously from $155.00) on shares of NVIDIA Corporation in a research note on Monday. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating, twenty have assigned  a buy rating and three have assigned  a strong buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $134.48.
In other news, Director Tench Coxe sold 50,000 shares of NVIDIA Corporation stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, May 11th. The shares were sold at an average price of $129.48, for a total transaction of $6,474,000.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Michael Byron sold 25,507 shares of NVIDIA Corporation stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 19th. The shares were sold at an average price of $137.09, for a total transaction of $3,496,754.63. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 162,706 shares in the company, valued at approximately $22,305,365.54. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 622,282 shares of company stock worth $93,304,082. Corporate insiders own  5.17% of the company’s stock. 
About NVIDIA Corporation
Nvidia Corporation focuses on personal computer (PC) graphics, graphics processing unit (GPU) and also on artificial intelligence (AI). The Company’s operates through two segments: GPU and Tegra Processor. The Company’s GPU product brands are aimed at specialized markets, including GeForce for gamers; Quadro for designers; Tesla and DGX for AI data scientists and big data researchers; and GRID for cloud-based visual computing users.







Receive News & Ratings for NVIDIA Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NVIDIA Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 
























































 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 




Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user













Rosenblum-Silverman-Sutton, SF Inc                                                                                       - San Francisco                                     , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



San Francisco



Investment Advice



Investment Advisory Service



                            Rosenblum-Silverman-Sutton, SF Inc
                                    



 





















R 


Rosenblum-Silverman-Sutton, SF Inc                                                                                      
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1388 SUTTER ST STE 725 SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94109
Get Directions



(415) 771-4500
www.rssic.com                                                                                           





Business Info



 Founded 1981
 Incorporated CA
 Annual Revenue $1,644,196.00
 Employee Count 10
 Industries Investment Advisory Service
 Contacts Barbara Rosenblum                                                                                                       







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Rosenblum-silverman-sutton, Sf Inc                                                                                       is located at 1388 Sutter St Ste 725 in San Francisco and has been in the business of Investment Advisory Service since 1981. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







R

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Rosenblum-Silverman-Sutton Sf in San Francisco, CA 94109 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» California
» San Francisco
» Portfolio Management & Investment Services
» Rosenblum-Silverman-Sutton Sf













Rosenblum-Silverman-Sutton Sf


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





1388 Sutter St Ste 725 San Francisco, California 94109


(415) 771-4500
Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Rosenblum-Silverman-Sutton Sf is located at the address 1388 Sutter St in San Francisco, California 94109.  They can be contacted via phone at (415) 771-4500 for pricing, hours and directions.  Rosenblum-Silverman-Sutton Sf specializes in Accident, Churches, Hospital Intensive Care.  Rosenblum-Silverman-Sutton Sf has an annual sales volume of 2M – 4,999,999.  .For more information contact Michael Whitney Stephens, Cco or  go to www.rssic.comRosenblum-Silverman-Sutton Sf provides Accounting, Business Valuations, Home Banking to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Rosenblum-Silverman-Sutton Sf view the map to the right.  For reviews of Rosenblum-Silverman-Sutton Sf see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Government Securities
, Key Man Policies
, Senior Plans
, Individual Policies
, Savings Accounts
, Municipal Bonds
, Home Loans
, Business Continuation Plans
, Stocks
, Workers Compensation



SERVICES


Charitable Giving
, Accounting
, ATM Services
, Payroll Tax Returns
, Consultations
, Business Valuations
, Tax Refunds
, Home Banking
, Individual Services
, Card Replacement


 BRANDS


Quicken
, Travelers
, Quickbooks
, Prudential
, State Farm


 SPECIALTIES


Restaurants
, Management Consulting
, Equipment
, Hospital Intensive Care
, Accident
, Churches
, Warehouses
, Real Estate
, Crime
, Short-Term Disability



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (415) 771-4500
Website: www.rssic.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Main Contact First Name: Barbara
Main Contact Last Name: Rosenblum
Main Contact Title: Owner
Employee Size: 5 To 9
Exact Employee Count: 9
Exact Sales Volume: 750000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 2M – 4,999,999
CATEGORIES:


Portfolio Management & Investment Services
Financial Planning
Finance
Investments & Securities



People Also Viewed


Capital Lodestar


825 Geary St  San Francisco, California 94109




Lombard Investments Inc


101 Clay St  San Francisco, California 94111




MATTHEWS INTERNATIONAL CAPITAL MANAGEMENT


100 Drumm St  San Francisco, California 94111




Townsend Group The


601 Montgomery st Ste 525 525 Ste San Francisco, California 94111




INSIGHT HOLDINGS LLC


90 New Montgomery St Ste 1001 San Francisco, California 94105




Alexandria Real Est Equities


1700 Owens St  San Francisco, California 94158





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Michael Whitney Stephens
CCO
Phone: (415) 771-4500 
 



Barbara  Rosenblum
OWNER
Phone: (415) 771-4500 
 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM










﻿






























15,097 Shares in Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:EGRX) Acquired by Hershey Trust Co. - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Comparing Deltic Timber Corporation (DEL) and Boise Cascade, L.L.C. (BCC)
Stewart Information Services Corporation (STC) vs. MGIC Investment Corporation (NYSE:MTG) Financial Review
Intrepid Potash (NYSE:IPI) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of 0.17
Reviewing TriMas Corp (TRS) & Multi Packaging Solutions Intrntnl (NYSE:MPSX)
Ur-Energy Inc. (URE) Set to Announce Earnings on Friday
Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Capital City Bank Group (NASDAQ:CCBG) Share Price
Reviewing Myriad Genetics (MYGN) & Cepheid (NASDAQ:CPHD)
Masco Corporation (MAS) Receives $40.06 Average PT from Brokerages
Head to Head Contrast: New Media Investment Group (NEWM) vs. Time (TIME)
Western Refining Logistics, (WNRL) versus Southcross Energy Partners, L.P. (SXE) Head-To-Head Comparison
Comparing Best Buy Co. (BBY) and Tech Data Corporation (NASDAQ:TECD)
Critical Comparison: Canadian National Railway (CNI) and C.H. Robinson Worldwide (CHRW)
Brightcove Inc. (NASDAQ:BCOV) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance
Reviewing AMN Healthcare Services (NYSE:AMN) and Envision Healthcare Corp (AMSG)
Head-To-Head Review: WD-40 (WDFC) vs. Clorox Company (The) (NYSE:CLX)
Head to Head Review: Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings (AAWW) vs. UTi Worldwide (UTIW)
Paramount Group (PGRE) & SL Green Realty Corporation (SLG) Critical Comparison
MAG Silver Corp (MAG) versus McEwen Mining (MUX) Head to Head Comparison
Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. (The) (IPG) and XO Group (XOXO) Head to Head Analysis
Reviewing Core-Mark Holding (NASDAQ:CORE) and Echo Global Logistics (ECHO)







15,097 Shares in Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:EGRX) Acquired by Hershey Trust Co.


					Posted by Oliver Carreras on Jul 27th, 2017 // No Comments




Hershey Trust Co. bought a new position in  Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:EGRX) during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm bought 15,097 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,191,000. Eagle Pharmaceuticals makes up  approximately  0.0% of Hershey Trust Co.’s holdings, making the stock its 5th largest position. 
A number of other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans boosted its stake in shares of  Eagle Pharmaceuticals by 1.4% in the fourth quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans now owns 4,200 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $333,000 after buying an additional 60 shares in the last quarter.  Louisiana State Employees Retirement System boosted its stake in shares of  Eagle Pharmaceuticals by 3.1% in the first quarter. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System now owns 3,300 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $274,000 after buying an additional 100 shares in the last quarter.  Arizona State Retirement System boosted its stake in shares of  Eagle Pharmaceuticals by 2.4% in the first quarter. Arizona State Retirement System now owns 4,200 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $348,000 after buying an additional 100 shares in the last quarter.  Texas Permanent School Fund boosted its stake in shares of  Eagle Pharmaceuticals by 2.2% in the first quarter. Texas Permanent School Fund now owns 5,867 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $487,000 after buying an additional 125 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System boosted its stake in shares of  Eagle Pharmaceuticals by 2.9% in the fourth quarter. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System now owns 5,305 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $421,000 after buying an additional 150 shares in the last quarter. 


 Get Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc. alerts:



Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:EGRX) opened at 53.37 on Thursday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $75.97 and a 200-day moving average price of $77.70. The stock has a market cap of $816.45 million, a PE ratio of 8.39 and a beta of 1.48. Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. has a 1-year low of $42.33 and a 1-year high of $97.15. 





Eagle Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:EGRX) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Monday, May 8th. The specialty pharmaceutical company reported $1.42 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.44 by $0.02. The firm had revenue of $76.80 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $70.10 million. Eagle Pharmaceuticals had a net margin of 44.48% and a return on equity of 79.25%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 159.5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted ($0.06) EPS.  On average, equities analysts expect that  Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. will post $3.66 EPS for the current year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was first  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/27/15097-shares-in-eagle-pharmaceuticals-inc-nasdaqegrx-acquired-by-hershey-trust-co.html. 
Several research firms have weighed in on EGRX. BidaskClub cut Eagle Pharmaceuticals from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, June 30th. Piper Jaffray Companies  set a $118.00 price objective on Eagle Pharmaceuticals and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a report on Tuesday, May 9th. ValuEngine upgraded Eagle Pharmaceuticals from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, May 16th. Royal Bank Of Canada increased their price objective on Eagle Pharmaceuticals from $86.00 to $94.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a report on Tuesday, May 9th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut Eagle Pharmaceuticals from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Wednesday, May 10th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued  a hold rating, three have issued  a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock  has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $84.00.
In other news, CFO Pete A. Meyers purchased 350 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, June 12th. The stock was purchased at an average price of $71.49 per share, for a total transaction of $25,021.50. Following the completion of the acquisition, the chief financial officer now owns 350 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $25,021.50. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Insiders purchased 805 shares of company stock valued at $61,790 in the last quarter. 19.50% of the stock is owned by company insiders. 
About Eagle Pharmaceuticals
Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc is a specialty pharmaceutical company. The Company focuses on developing and commercializing injectable products in the critical care and oncology areas. The Company’s product portfolio includes products, including Argatroban; Ryanodex; docetaxel injection, non-alcohol formulation; and Bendeka.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EGRX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:EGRX).







Receive News & Ratings for Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 


















































Citizens (CIA) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of 0.20 | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Citizens Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Citizens Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Jupai Holdings Limited (JP) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.05					

Advanced Emissions Solutions (ADES) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.15					

Clearside Biomedical (CLSD) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.13					

Polymet Mining Corp (PLM) Given News Sentiment Rating of 0.12					

Fortress Biotech (FBIO) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds					

Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Receives $419.97 Average Target Price from Analysts					

Fulton Financial Corporation (NASDAQ:FULT) Receives $18.00 Average Target Price from Analysts					

Brokerages Set Digi International Inc. (DGII) Price Target at $15.50					

First Interstate BancSystem, Inc. (FIBK) Receives $42.33 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages					

Contrasting Neff Corporation (NEFF) and Aircastle Limited (NYSE:AYR)					

Tallgrass Energy Partners, (NYSE:TEP) and Kinder Morgan (KMI) Head to Head Analysis					

Analyzing Ultralife Corporation (ULBI) & Arotech Corporation (ARTX)					

Helen of Troy Limited (HELE) versus Lifetime Brands (LCUT) Head-To-Head Survey					

Forrester Research, Inc. (FORR) Announces Quarterly  Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.07 EPS					

Acacia Research Corporation (NASDAQ:ACTG) Releases Quarterly  Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.22 EPS					

NextEra Energy Partners, LP (NEP) Issues Quarterly  Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.19 EPS					

Proofpoint, Inc. (PFPT) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance					

FirstEnergy Corporation (FE) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance					

Consumer Portfolio Services (NASDAQ:CPSS) vs. Capital One Financial Corporation (COF) Critical Analysis					

Brokerages Set CACI International, Inc. (CACI) PT at $125.33					





 





						Citizens (CIA) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of 0.20					

						 July 19th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Stacy Sanders 


							Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles 







Tweet










Headlines about Citizens (NYSE:CIA) have been trending somewhat positive on Wednesday, Accern Sentiment Analysis reports. Accern scores the sentiment of press coverage by reviewing more than 20 million news and blog sources in real time. Accern ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Citizens earned a news impact score of 0.20 on Accern’s scale. Accern also gave news headlines about the insurance provider an impact score of 45.0681367721395 out of 100, indicating that recent press coverage is somewhat unlikely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the next several days. 
Citizens (NYSE CIA) traded down 0.77% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, reaching $7.75. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 53,954 shares. The firm has a market cap of $388.13 million, a PE ratio of 60.55 and a beta of 1.10. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $7.06 and its 200 day moving average is $7.70. Citizens has a one year low of $5.86 and a one year high of $11.93. 
Separately, BidaskClub upgraded Citizens from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Sunday.




COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was  posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright laws. The original version of this report can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/19/citizens-cia-receives-media-sentiment-rating-of-0-20.html. 
Citizens Company Profile
Citizens, Inc is an insurance holding company. The Company operates in three business segments: Life Insurance, Home Service and Other Non-Insurance Enterprises. The Life Insurance segment issues ordinary whole life insurance in the United States and in the United States Dollar-denominated amounts to foreign residents.






Receive News & Ratings for Citizens Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Citizens Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 





























































Rosenblum Silverman Sutton Investment Counsel
































 








































  











Loading...







INVESTMENT ADVISORS WITH A PLAN 



Proper care for your nest egg. 


let's get started















			Home		


bigadmin 


			2016-10-19T10:53:35+00:00		



WHO WE ARE
Since 1983, Rosenblum Silverman Sutton Investment Counsel (RSSIC) has been taking care of individuals, families, trusts, foundations and non-profit organizations.
LEARN MORE



WHAT WE DO
We specialize in two services: managing investment portfolios and acting as a fiduciary assisting our clients with all their financial matters. As a fiduciary, we are held to the highest level of accountability and trust on your behalf.
LEARN MORE



WHERE WE WORK
We are a fee-based independent registered investment advisor located in San Francisco California. We are happy to meet with you in our offices or where makes the most sense and is comfortable for you. Meetings by Skype or other technology are also possible.
LEARN MORE



LET US HELP YOU DETERMINE YOUR FINANCIAL FUTURE!




DROP US A LINE!



“Never work just for money or power. They wont save your soul or help you sleep at night.”Marian Wright Edelman, President and Founder of the Children’s Defense Fund“People say that money is not the key to happiness, but I always figured if you have enough money, you can have a key made.”Joan Rivers, Actor and Comediane“Money, if it does not bring you happiness, will at least help you be miserable in comfort.”Helen Gurley Brown, Editor-in-Chief of Cosmopolitan Magazine“When you’re rich and famous, you are the dominant force in a relationship, even if you try hard not to be. I’ve talked of sacrificing everything for Fleetwood Mac, but I realize now that it is simply the only thing I’ve every wanted to do.”Stevie Nicks, Performer“Being Rich is having money; being wealthy is having time.”Margaret Bonnano, Star Trek and Science Fiction Writer“We women don’t care too much about getting our pictures on money as long as we get our hands on it.”Ivy Baker Priest, U.S. Treasurer, 1953-1961“I had no idea that being your authentic self could make me as rich as I’ve become. If I had, I’d have done it a lot earlier.”Oprah Winfrey, Philantropist, Media Mogul“To attract money, you must focus on wealth. It is impossible to bring more money into your life when you are noticing you do not have enough, because that means you are thinking thoughts that you do not have enough.”Rhonda Byrne, Author of “The Secret” You can only become truly accomplished at something you love. Don’t make money your goal. Instead, pursue the things you love doing, and then do them so well that people can’t take their eyes off you.Maya AngelouBeing rich is not about how much money you have or how many homes you own; it’s the freedom to buy any book you want without looking at the price and wondering if you can afford it.John Waters, Role ModelsMinds are like flowers, they only open when the time is right.Stephen RichardsEveryone creates realities based on their own personal beliefs. These beliefs are so powerful that they can create [expansive or entrapping] realities over and over.~Kuan YinHope Bradford, Beneficial Law of Attraction: The Manifestation Teachings





 
 

 
 
 
 





















Disclaimer - Rosenblum Silverman Sutton Investment Counsel



























 








































  











Loading...







THE FINE PRINT... 

















			Disclaimer		


bigadmin 


			2016-10-19T10:53:29+00:00		



DISCLAIMER
Rosenblum-Silverman-Sutton Investment Counsel (“RSS”) is an SEC registered investment adviser. This website is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell, a solicitation to buy, or a recommendation for any security, or as an offer to provide advisory or other services by RSS. RSS does not intend to provide investment advice through this website and the strategies and/or investments referenced may not be suitable for all investors. RSS does not, and this site does not intend to, render tax, accounting, or legal advice. All investments involve risk, including loss of principal invested. The Form ADV contains important information about the advisory services, fees, business, and background and the experience of advisory personnel. Form ADV Part 1 and Part 2A are publicly available and may be viewed at www.adviserinfor.sec.gov.






 
 

 
 
 
 





















How We Work - Rosenblum Silverman Sutton Investment Counsel




























 








































  











Loading...







HOW WE WORK
 



We design portfolios based on our clients’ unique needs. 

















			How We Work		


bigadmin 


			2016-10-19T10:53:34+00:00		







INITIAL CONTACT: Typically 10-15 minutes

Briefly discuss what the prospect is trying to accomplish.
Make sure the prospective client understands who we are and see if they are qualified to be a client.
Establish a time and place to meet to have a more in depth discussion of who we are and how we would work together.

FIRST MEETING: Typically 60-90 minutes

Establish an agenda, what does the prospective client wish to discuss and how much time do they have.
Discuss the client’s history of investing and their expectations of working with an investment advisor.
Review the client’s current financial circumstances and discuss their goals.
Describe the RSS investment process and financial planning services.

DECIDE IF WE SHOULD MEET AGAIN:

At the end of the first meeting, we will decide to either (1) meet again or set a date, (2) set a date for a follow up phone call or (3) decide it is not a good fit.
Discuss which financial statements and relevant information we will need on or before the next meeting.
Make sure all relevant parties will participate in the next meeting.

SECOND MEETING: Game Plan – Typically 60 minutes

Answer questions and address concerns.
Review the existing portfolio that is to be managed by RSS.
Discuss financial goals and any budget requirements.
Decide if we should sign paperwork and begin the process.
Sign contracts and establish an investment policy.
Complete necessary paperwork for the client’s broker dealer.

GETTING STARTED: Typically 10 business days

Establish limited power of attorney on client accounts
Open new accounts (if necessary)
Consolidate assets and transfer accounts to one broker dealer
Contact client’s tax advisor and confirm cost basis
Review existing client assets and prioritize initial purchase and sales









LET’S WORK TOGETHER








Our clients rely on our team to safeguard and grow their assets with a steady guiding hand.








CONTACT US





 
 

 
 
 
 





















About Us - Rosenblum Silverman Sutton Investment Counsel






























 








































  











Loading...







WHO WE ARE
 



Focused on your unique financial goals. 

















			About Us		


bigadmin 


			2016-10-19T10:53:34+00:00		



OUR MISSION
As investment advisors, it is our mission to listen, understand, and take action based on our clients’ unique needs. We customize each portfolio to meet our client’s unique circumstances and then continuously monitor their progress. Our success is measured by building long-term relationships.




ORGANIZATION

Organization:Established in 1983
Based in San Francisco, California
Fee-based independent Registered Investment Advisor
Manage assets for over 200 client families

READY FOR MORE?



PHILOSOPHY

Multi-Cap growth investing
Top down thematic analysis
All Equity or Balanced Portfolios
Team management approach

LEARN MORE







BENEFITS OF WORKING WITH RSS

Customize portfolios using individual equities and/or fixed income issues to meet our clients’ financial goals.
Provide comprehensive financial plans to make appropriate recommendations and referrals.
Partner with a network of CPAs, estate planning attorneys, bookkeepers, insurance and mortgage brokers.
Utilize tax strategies and institutional pricing to minimize costs to our clients.
Maintain frequent client communications to ensure that investment objectives are current and all financial questions are quickly answered.





The financial advisors at Rosenblum Silverman Sutton Investment Council seek to understand all of our clients’ financial needs and goals. Based on this understanding we customize each investment program to serve an individual’s unique situation. We meet personally with every new client so they can determine whether our services are the right fit for them. By listening to them and understanding their goals we are well prepared to take proper action, we then continuously monitor and adjust our clients’ portfolios based on their needs.
It is our job to manage the investment process for you. We strive to get to know your: financial stage in life, risk tolerance, challenges, tax considerations, and investment goals. Our team acts as financial quarterbacks advising you on: mortgage needs, funding a new house, forming an estate plan, financing higher education, and/or referring you to the appropriate legal, mortgage, and estate counsel.
We define our success by building long-term relations with clients who are in partnership with our investment discipline. As a result of these successful
relationships, we often serve several generations of each client’s family including:
grandparents, parents, children, and grandchildren.






 
 

 
 
 
 





















Contact Us - Rosenblum Silverman Sutton Investment Counsel




























 








































  











Loading...







GET IN TOUCH
 



Our team of experts are ready to hear from you 















			Contact Us		


bigadmin 


			2016-10-19T10:53:34+00:00		



LET’S GET STARTED
We are always ready to help. Just drop us a line or send a message, we take great pride in using our expertise for your benefit.
1388 Sutter Street, Suite 725
San Francisco, CA 94109-5453
1.415.771.4500
 













 
 

 
 
 
 





















Womens FAQ - Rosenblum Silverman Sutton Investment Counsel



























 








































  











Loading...







RESOURCES
 



Tools for expanding your knowledge. 















			Womens FAQ		


bigadmin 


			2016-10-19T10:53:29+00:00		



Womens FAQ
Am I liable for my spouse's debts?The general rule is that spouses are not responsible for each others debts, but there are exceptions. Many states will hold both spouses responsible for a debt incurred by one spouse if the debt constituted a family expense (e.g., child care or groceries). In addition, community property states will hold one spouse responsible for the others debts because both spouses have equal rights to each others income. Also, you are both responsible for any debt that you have in both names (e.g., mortgage, home equity loan, credit card).I'll be changing jobs next month, and I'm pregnant. Will I qualify for health insurance coverage with my new employer?
That depends on several factors. If your new employer offers a group health insurance plan, the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) may apply. This act prevents your new group health plan from treating your pregnancy as a pre-existing condition if you were covered by group health insurance through your previous employer. But read your new policy carefully. Although most health plans cover maternity care and pregnancy, in some instances the health plan offered by your new employer may not include such coverage. Unfortunately, you won’t qualify for the protection offered by HIPAA if you had an individual (non-group) health policy or if you had no health insurance at all.
Even if your new employer’s group plan includes pregnancy and maternity care, you may be subject to a waiting period before you become eligible for coverage. So, if you need prenatal care during this period, you may need to pay for the doctor’s visits out of your own pocket. Remember that you may need more care near the end of your term. You may be able to continue health coverage through your previous employer under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act, but you’ll have to pay the full premiums yourself.
Of course, your new company may not provide health insurance coverage, in which case, you’ll probably have to shop for individual health coverage. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act requires that health plans in the individual and small group market (that are not considered grandfathered plans) offer minimum essential health benefits including maternity and newborn care. And, if you can’t find an individual health insurance policy that will cover you at an affordable price, you can shop for and purchase a health insurance plan that will cover your pregnancy through either a state-based or federal health insurance Exchange Marketplace.
So, before you take a new job, make sure that you understand the coverage and eligibility requirements of your new employer’s health insurance plan. Plan carefully for the protection of your health and the health of your baby. My husband and I are divorcing after 30 years of marriage. Will I still be able to receive Social Security retirement benefits based on his earnings record after our divorce?
Yes. If you already receive Social Security based on his earnings record, you’ll continue to receive it as long as you live (or in some cases, until you remarry). If you don’t receive Social Security yet, you can apply for a reduced benefit when you turn 62 or wait until your full retirement age if you want to receive an unreduced spousal retirement benefit. If you’ve been divorced for more than two years, you can apply as soon as your ex-husband becomes eligible for benefits, even if he hasn’t started receiving them (assuming you’re at least 62). However, if you’ve been divorced for less than two years, you must wait to apply for benefits based on your ex-husband’s earnings record until he starts receiving his own benefits.
You don’t have to worry about losing your benefit even if your ex-husband remarries. Benefits for a divorced spouse are calculated separately from those of a current spouse.I'm about to get married. Should I adjust the asset allocation in my 401(k) to take my husband's investments into account?
That depends on several factors. Perhaps the first step is to make sure your existing asset allocation is appropriate for your circumstances; if you haven’t reviewed it in several years, you should probably take a fresh look at it, whether or not you intend to consider his assets in your investing strategy. Assuming your allocation is appropriate for your current situation, you may want to make sure that any overlap between your accounts doesn’t create a portfolio that’s too heavily concentrated in a single position. For example, if you have received company stock as part of your compensation plan for many years, you might not have enough diversity in your portfolio; if both of you have worked at the same employer, the problem could be even worse.
However, you don’t necessarily need to make dramatic changes right away. No matter how compatible you might be, marriages have been known to fail, and sometimes they fail in a shorter time frame than anyone ever expected. If you do decide to make adjustments, remember that you can phase them in gradually to create an asset allocation strategy that includes both portfolios. For example, you might decide to simply allocate new money to a different investment or asset class rather than shift existing assets.
Explain to your husband why you’ve chosen to invest as you have; you may have a perspective he’s overlooked or information he hasn’t considered that could be helpful even if you manage your portfolios entirely independently. And since it’s your account, you have the final say. If there’s a difference in your investing philosophies, a neutral third party with some expertise and a dispassionate view of the situation may be able to help work through differences; that can be especially valuable in cases where substantial assets are at stake.
That depends on several factors. Perhaps the first step is to make sure your existing asset allocation is appropriate for your circumstances; if you haven’t reviewed it in several years, you should probably take a fresh look at it, whether or not you intend to consider his assets in your investing strategy. Assuming your allocation is appropriate for your current situation, you may want to make sure that any overlap between your accounts doesn’t create a portfolio that’s too heavily concentrated in a single position. For example, if you have received company stock as part of your compensation plan for many years, you might not have enough diversity in your portfolio; if both of you have worked at the same employer, the problem could be even worse.
However, you don’t necessarily need to make dramatic changes right away. No matter how compatible you might be, marriages have been known to fail, and sometimes they fail in a shorter time frame than anyone ever expected. If you do decide to make adjustments, remember that you can phase them in gradually to create an asset allocation strategy that includes both portfolios. For example, you might decide to simply allocate new money to a different investment or asset class rather than shift existing assets.
Explain to your husband why you’ve chosen to invest as you have; you may have a perspective he’s overlooked or information he hasn’t considered that could be helpful even if you manage your portfolios entirely independently. And since it’s your account, you have the final say. If there’s a difference in your investing philosophies, a neutral third party with some expertise and a dispassionate view of the situation may be able to help work through differences; that can be especially valuable in cases where substantial assets are at stake.I don't know much about investing. Should I let my husband make the decisions?
Even if your husband is a financial expert, it’s a good idea to at least understand investing basics. For one thing, because women on average tend to live longer than men, the odds are extremely high that you could be responsible for making your own financial decisions at some point. If you suddenly had to make all the decisions yourself–and many women have found themselves in that position–you’d benefit from knowing enough to protect yourself from fraud and/or communicate effectively with a financial professional.
Also, even if your spouse is more knowledgeable about finances than you are, understanding enough to consider the pros and cons involved in an individual financial decision can often produce a better outcome; it forces both of you to address questions you might not have considered otherwise. Knowing why a decision was made can help minimize second-guessing on either side later.
If you disagree about a particular investment, remember that though diversification doesn’t guarantee a profit or prevent the possibility of loss, a diversified portfolio should have a place for both conservative and more aggressive investments. There may be ways to accommodate both spouses’ concerns, and a neutral third party with some expertise and a dispassionate view of the situation may be able to help you work through differences.
That depends on several factors. Perhaps the first step is to make sure your existing asset allocation is appropriate for your circumstances; if you haven’t reviewed it in several years, you should probably take a fresh look at it, whether or not you intend to consider his assets in your investing strategy. Assuming your allocation is appropriate for your current situation, you may want to make sure that any overlap between your accounts doesn’t create a portfolio that’s too heavily concentrated in a single position. For example, if you have received company stock as part of your compensation plan for many years, you might not have enough diversity in your portfolio; if both of you have worked at the same employer, the problem could be even worse.
However, you don’t necessarily need to make dramatic changes right away. No matter how compatible you might be, marriages have been known to fail, and sometimes they fail in a shorter time frame than anyone ever expected. If you do decide to make adjustments, remember that you can phase them in gradually to create an asset allocation strategy that includes both portfolios. For example, you might decide to simply allocate new money to a different investment or asset class rather than shift existing assets.
Explain to your husband why you’ve chosen to invest as you have; you may have a perspective he’s overlooked or information he hasn’t considered that could be helpful even if you manage your portfolios entirely independently. And since it’s your account, you have the final say. If there’s a difference in your investing philosophies, a neutral third party with some expertise and a dispassionate view of the situation may be able to help work through differences; that can be especially valuable in cases where substantial assets are at stake.Do I have to liquidate my current portfolio to work with you? No. Our first concern is to eliminate problematic investments, our next concern is tax considerations, low cost basis positions and concentrated positions can take time to work through. Ultimately, our goal is to reshape your portfolio to work better for you with less risk and at a minimum cost.Can you provide advice on how I manage my 401(k) and other assets?Yes. We often make recommendations concerning outside investments that we are not actively managing.Can you remove funds from my accounts without my permission? No. We only take Limited-Power-of-Attorney (LPOA) over your account(s). All of our client’s accounts are held with a broker-dealer or a bank, so we never have possession of any of your assets and we do not have the ability to remove funds from your account.





 
 

 
 
 
 





















Our Team - Rosenblum Silverman Sutton Investment Counsel






























 









































  











Loading...







The RSSIC Team
 



Our teamwork, makes your dream work.  

















			Our Team		


bigadmin 


			2016-10-19T10:53:34+00:00		












Barbara G. Rosenblum, CFA, CIC
Chief Executive Officer / Principal
email  |  linkedin
Mrs. Rosenblum has over three decades of experience as a portfolio manager and equity analyst, specializing in growth stock investing.  She founded the Flexible Growth investment discipline in 1975 at our predecessor firm, and has remained a senior portfolio manager on the strategy ever since.  She is co-head of the RSS Investment Policy Committee. Mrs. Rosenblum began her career as a securities analyst with Bache & Co. covering consumer non-durables and pharmaceuticals, and worked for several prominent New York Stock exchange firms.
Mrs. Rosenblum has been featured in many financial publications, television and radio shows including CNBC, the Wall Street Journal and the Wall Street Transcript.  She is a frequent financial commentator in Bay Area newspapers, and a popular guest speaker and lecturer at institutions including the University of California, Mills College and San Francisco State University.
Mrs. Rosenblum received a B.A. in Business from Cornell University and an M.B.A. in Finance from Boston University Graduate School of Management.  She is a Chartered Financial Analyst and is a member of the San Francisco Society of Securities Analyst and the Association for Investment Management and Research.
 
Phyllis R. Sutton
President / Principal
email  |  linkedin
Ms. Sutton has over three decades of buy-side experience, primarily as a portfolio manager.  As a senior portfolio manager at RSS since joining the firm in 1984, she co-heads the firm’s Investment Policy Committee.
Ms. Sutton began her career with Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith in New York City, where she worked as a securities analyst and portfolio strategist.  After working at several investment advisory firms, including Dodge & Cox in San Francisco, she became a principal of Robert M. Sutton Investment Management and joined RSS in 1984.
Ms. Sutton has been featured in many financial publications and television shows including Money Magazine and CNN.  She is a frequent commentator on financial matters and the capital markets for several Bay Area newspapers.  Ms. Sutton received a B.A, from the University of Miami and did graduate work in Finance at the New York University Graduate School of Business.
 
Frederick J. Linkner, CFA
Director of Research
email 
Frederick “Fritz” Linkner, Director of Research, provides investment research, explores new investment opportunities, assists in portfolio management functions, including buy/sell decisions, asset allocation including stock and sector weights and the evaluation of risk parameters. He began his investment career in Pension Services at Charles Schwab & Co. rising to the position of Supervisor and later Project Analyst to the Vice President of Special Operations. After four years at Charles Schwab, Fritz returned to school to complete a Master’s degree in Business Administration.
His experience in investment research began at Husic Capital Management, a San Francisco-based institutional investment management company.  During his nine years at Husic, he developed models to aid in buying and selling stocks, investment research in technology, capital goods and business services and portfolio management of technology-focused client portfolios.
Fritz received a B.A. in History and Organizational Behavior from Brown University, Providence, RI, and an M.B.A. in Finance from the University of Southern California, Los Angeles.  He has been a Chartered Financial Analyst since 1996 and is a member of the San Francisco Society of Security Analysts and the Association of Investment Management and Research.
 
Trading, Operations & Administration
Philip Huff
email
Philip, Office Manager, began his career in the investment industry at the Southeastern broker/dealer Norris & Hirschberg as the bond clearing agent.  He later transferred, along with their operations, to DFW Clearing in Dallas/Ft. Worth where he was manager of the stock transfer department.  In 1992, he moved to San Francisco to manage the office for RSS.   He is responsible for the day-to-day management of the office and acting as client liaison.
Philip did undergraduate work at the University of Texas Arlington and earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Finance from Golden Gate University in San Francisco.
Maggie Dolan
email | 415 771 5400
Maggie Dolan, Chief Compliance Officer and Director of Operations, oversees the firms compliance, regulatory, and ethics program and manages new client integration, trade settlement, and account administration. Her finance background includes retail and institutional brokerage; having worked at Lehman Brothers, DLJ, Bear Stearns, and Conifer Securities. She also worked as a hedge fund consultant for H.C. Associates and Catalina Partners. She received a BS in Management from Bentley University.
Kurt Keast
email
Kurt Keast, responsible for trading and technology at RSSIC, began his career in the securities industry at Charles Schwab in 1995. While at Schwab he handled multiple areas of brokerage operations as well as trading and website quality assurance. During his 6 years there, Kurt passed a number of securities exams, including the 7, 9, 63, and 65. Upon departing from Schwab, Kurt joined Essex National Securities, where he continued in trading and operations until he joined Rosenblum – Silverman – Sutton in 2005.








Ready to work with us?




GET IN TOUCH NOW!









 
 

 
 
 
 






















Rosenblum Silverman Sutton Investment Counsel
































 








































  











Loading...







INVESTMENT ADVISORS WITH A PLAN 



Proper care for your nest egg. 


let's get started















			Home		


bigadmin 


			2016-10-19T10:53:35+00:00		



WHO WE ARE
Since 1983, Rosenblum Silverman Sutton Investment Counsel (RSSIC) has been taking care of individuals, families, trusts, foundations and non-profit organizations.
LEARN MORE



WHAT WE DO
We specialize in two services: managing investment portfolios and acting as a fiduciary assisting our clients with all their financial matters. As a fiduciary, we are held to the highest level of accountability and trust on your behalf.
LEARN MORE



WHERE WE WORK
We are a fee-based independent registered investment advisor located in San Francisco California. We are happy to meet with you in our offices or where makes the most sense and is comfortable for you. Meetings by Skype or other technology are also possible.
LEARN MORE



LET US HELP YOU DETERMINE YOUR FINANCIAL FUTURE!




DROP US A LINE!



“Never work just for money or power. They wont save your soul or help you sleep at night.”Marian Wright Edelman, President and Founder of the Children’s Defense Fund“People say that money is not the key to happiness, but I always figured if you have enough money, you can have a key made.”Joan Rivers, Actor and Comediane“Money, if it does not bring you happiness, will at least help you be miserable in comfort.”Helen Gurley Brown, Editor-in-Chief of Cosmopolitan Magazine“When you’re rich and famous, you are the dominant force in a relationship, even if you try hard not to be. I’ve talked of sacrificing everything for Fleetwood Mac, but I realize now that it is simply the only thing I’ve every wanted to do.”Stevie Nicks, Performer“Being Rich is having money; being wealthy is having time.”Margaret Bonnano, Star Trek and Science Fiction Writer“We women don’t care too much about getting our pictures on money as long as we get our hands on it.”Ivy Baker Priest, U.S. Treasurer, 1953-1961“I had no idea that being your authentic self could make me as rich as I’ve become. If I had, I’d have done it a lot earlier.”Oprah Winfrey, Philantropist, Media Mogul“To attract money, you must focus on wealth. It is impossible to bring more money into your life when you are noticing you do not have enough, because that means you are thinking thoughts that you do not have enough.”Rhonda Byrne, Author of “The Secret” You can only become truly accomplished at something you love. Don’t make money your goal. Instead, pursue the things you love doing, and then do them so well that people can’t take their eyes off you.Maya AngelouBeing rich is not about how much money you have or how many homes you own; it’s the freedom to buy any book you want without looking at the price and wondering if you can afford it.John Waters, Role ModelsMinds are like flowers, they only open when the time is right.Stephen RichardsEveryone creates realities based on their own personal beliefs. These beliefs are so powerful that they can create [expansive or entrapping] realities over and over.~Kuan YinHope Bradford, Beneficial Law of Attraction: The Manifestation Teachings





 
 

 
 
 
 
















