

Eric A. Rose, MD

































Skip to main content






Top 12 Topics


Glioblastoma


Bruising


Pinkeye


Depression


Breast Cancer


Erectile Dysfunction Causes


Psoriatic Arthritis


What Is Hepatitis C?


Foods for Your Brain


Adult ADHD Symptoms


Type 2 Diabetes


ADHD Medications









WebMD Home








Eric A. Rose, MD






A world-renowned leader in cardiac surgery and cardiovascular research, Eric
A. Rose, MD, is surgeon in chief at the Columbia Presbyterian Medical Center
and chairman of the department of surgery and the Morris and Rose Milstein
professor of surgery at Columbia University. He is the author of Second
Opinion, The Columbia Presbyterian Guide to Surgery.
Rose is a member of the American College of Surgeons, the American
Association for Thoracic Surgery, and the American Society of Transplant
Surgeons, among other organizations. He is a fellow of the American College of
Cardiology.
Visit the web site for the Columbia
Presbyterian Medical Center.







Today on WebMD





Risky Mistakes Pet Owners Make
Some of these might surprise you.










Depressed, Guilty Feelings After Eating?
Symptoms of binge eating disorder.





Psoriasis Home Remedies
14 tips to ditch the itch.





Quit Smoking
Get your personalized plan.










Health Solutions


Knee Pain Management


Bent Fingers?


Cancer Treatments


Online Hearing Test


Seeking Cancer Care?


Painful Knees?


Cancer Support


Treat Pet Anxiety


Exercise & OA Knee Pain


Care for Valve Disease?


Pet Food Facts


Hearing Loss Help


Ringing in the Ears


Find Infant Formula


Aortic Valve Stenosis



More from WebMD


The Stress of Caregiving


Healthy Cat Tips


Immunotherapy for Cancer


What Is CIDP?


Multiple Myeloma


8 Ways to Avoid Heart Attack


Treatments for Cancer


Living Better With Migraine


Foods That Cause Acid Reflux


Tips for Your Dog's Health


Diabetes Assessment


Avoid Allergy Triggers


Treating Advanced Prostate Cancer


5 Things That Spike Your Blood Sugar






   Cancer Treatment & Nutrition 11 Tips to Control Diabetes










Eric D Rose - Baltimore, MD | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Eric D Rose in Baltimore, MD


Eric D Rose

                                                                           Intelius found that Eric D Rose  is  a male between 30 and 40 years old from Baltimore, MD.  We have connected them to
                10 addresses,
                3 phones,
                and 7 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Eric D Rose is in his 30s

Eric Has Lived In

Baltimore, MD
Cleveland, OH
Lexington Park, MD

Eric's Relatives

Kevin Rose
Rhona Rose
Jeff Rose
Michael Rose







Eric D Rose



Zodiac SignScorpio



GenderMale



Professional Status
Jhu/apl



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Eric? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Eric, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Eric D Rose
Get a Criminal Check on Eric D Rose
Get a Public Record Report on Eric D Rose
Get a People Search Report on Eric D Rose


Eric D Rose's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Eric D Rose has lived as well as Eric D Rose's phone numbers and email addresses.




Eric D Rose Has Lived in 4 States
Maryland Address for Eric D Rose


811 P*** A** 

Baltimore, MD


Has Lived In

Baltimore, MD
Cleveland, OH


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Eric D Rose

(516) ***-**** - West Hempstead, NY 
(216) ***-**** - Cleveland, OH 
(216) ***-**** - Cleveland, OH 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Eric D Rose



Get Email Report




Eric D Rose's Professional Information
Information regarding Eric D Rose's professional history.  Find out previous places Eric D Rose has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Eric D Rose Has Worked at 3 Places
Company: Jhu/apl
               
Company: Johns Hopkins University, Counseling Center
               Title: Staff Psychologist
Eric D Rose's Experience
Title: 
               Company: Jhu/apl
Job Details

Title: Staff Psychologist
               Company: Johns Hopkins University, Counseling Center
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Eric D Rose

 See Eric D Rose's LinkedIn Profile



Eric D Rose's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Eric D Rose


Eric D Rose's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Eric D Rose's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Eric Rose
Username Matches

                  EricRose
                  RoseEric
                  Eric.Rose
                  Rose.Eric
                  Eric_Rose
                  Rose_Eric
                  Eric-Rose
                  Rose-Eric
                  ERose
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
E Rose







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.

















Find a Doctor, Dentist or Hospital Reviews, UCompareHealthCare





 











































xcuwaasbzdsx
















Show all results
Hide results 



Show all results
Hide results 








Welcome
About





Search and Compare for Better Care







Click any of the search examples below
Dentists in Houston, TX
Podiatrists in New York, New York
Emergency Medicine in Jackson, MS







5.5+
Million  Ratings

read reviews


50+
Thousand  Pharmacies

search pharmacies


1.0+
Million  Professionals

search doctors


6+
Thousand  Hospitals

search hospitals











ADVERTISEMENT



















 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Rose, Eric A MD 35 E 62nd St New York, NY Doctors - MapQuest







































































































    Rose, Eric A MD
  

35 E 62nd St

New York
NY
10065




 Reviews





        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help



























Find a Doctor - Compare Reviews





 











































xcuwaasbzdsx
















Show all results
Hide results 



Show all results
Hide results 






Home

				 > 						Doctors









ADVERTISEMENT




















ADVERTISEMENT













Find a Doctor




Browse by Top Specialties



Allergy / Immunology
Anesthesiology
Cardiology
Colorectal Surgery (formerly Proctology)
Dermatology
Endocrinology
Family Practice
Gastroenterology
General Practice
General Surgery
Geriatric Medicine
Hand Surgery
Infectious Disease
Internal Medicine
Nephrology
Neurology
Neurosurgery
Nuclear Medicine
Obstetrics & Gynecology
Ophthalmology
Orthopedic Surgery
Otolaryngology
Pain Management
Pathology
Pediatric Medicine
Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation
Plastic Surgery
Psychiatry
Pulmonary Disease
Radiology
Rheumatology
Thoracic Surgery
Urology








Browse by Top Cities



Alabama



Birmingham




Alaska






Arizona



Phoenix

Tucson




Arkansas






California



Los Angeles

Sacramento

San Diego

San Francisco




Colorado



Denver




Connecticut






Delaware






Washington DC



Washington




Florida



Jacksonville

Miami

Orlando

Tampa




Georgia



Atlanta




Hawaii






Idaho






Illinois



Chicago




Indiana



Indianapolis




Iowa






Kansas






Kentucky



Lexington

Louisville




Louisiana






Maine






Maryland



Baltimore




Massachusetts



Boston




Michigan






Minnesota



Minneapolis

Saint Paul




Mississippi






Missouri



Kansas City

Saint Louis




Montana






Nebraska



Omaha




Nevada



Las Vegas




New Hampshire






New Jersey






New Mexico



Albuquerque




New York



Bronx

Brooklyn

Buffalo

New York

Rochester




North Carolina



Charlotte




North Dakota






Ohio



Cincinnati

Cleveland

Columbus




Oklahoma



Oklahoma City

Tulsa




Oregon



Portland




Pennsylvania



Philadelphia

Pittsburgh




Rhode Island






South Carolina






South Dakota






Tennessee



Nashville




Texas



Austin

Dallas

Fort Worth

Houston

San Antonio




Utah



Salt Lake City




Vermont






Virginia






Washington



Seattle




West Virginia






Wisconsin



Milwaukee




Wyoming



































ADVERTISEMENT










The UCompareHealthCare website is provided for your informational use only. Nothing contained or offered by, on or through UCompareHealthCare should be construed as medical advice or relied upon for medical diagnosis or treatment. UCompareHealthCare does not recommend or endorse any particular healthcare provider whose information or ratings appear on this website. We encourage you to read our full Terms of Use.







ADVERTISEMENT










 








ADVERTISEMENT



















 










Find Doctors by Specialty





 











































xcuwaasbzdsx
















Show all results
Hide results 



Show all results
Hide results 






Home

				 > 						
Doctors

				 > 						Specialties









ADVERTISEMENT




















ADVERTISEMENT















Find Doctors by Specialty



A 

Adolescent Medicine Physicians
Allergists and Immunologists
Anesthesiologists


B 

Bariatric Physicians


C 

Cardiologists
Cardiovascular Disease Physicians
Clinical Cardiac Electrophysiologists
Colorectal Surgeons (Proctologists)
Critical Care Physicians


D 

Dermatologists
Diagnostic Radiologists


E 

Emergency Medicine Physicians
Endocrinologists


F 

Family Practice Physicians


G 

Gastroenterologists
General Practice Physicians
General Surgeons
Geriatric Medicine Physicians
Gynecologists
Gynecologists / Oncologists


H 

Hematologists / Oncologists
Hospitalists


I 

Infectious Disease Physicians
Internal Medicine Physicians
Interventional Cardiologists


M 

Medical Oncologists


N 

Nephrologists
Neurologists
Neurosurgeons


O 

Obstetricians / Gynecologists
Ophthalmologists
Orthopedic Spine Surgeons
Orthopedic Surgeons
Otolaryngologists


P 

Pain Management Physicians
Pediatric Cardiologists
Pediatricians
Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation Physicians
Plastic Surgeons
Psychiatrists
Pulmonary Disease Physicians


R 

Radiation Oncologists
Radiologists
Rheumatologists


S 

Hand Surgeons
Sleep Medicine Specialists
Sports Medicine Specialists


T 

Thoracic Surgeons


U 

Urologists


V 

Vascular Surgeons















ADVERTISEMENT



















ADVERTISEMENT



















 










Dr. Eric Rose, DO - Marquette, MI - Sports Medicine & Occupational Medicine | Healthgrades.com









































HealthgradesDr. Eric Rose, DOLogin MenuSearch Doctors, Hospitals, Specialties or ProceduresCloseHealthgradesSearchSearchNearSearchDr. Eric Rose, DOSaveSports Medicine  | Male Leave a ReviewRecommend this doctor? Fill out a survey to help others find the right care.Occupational Medicine Services 1414 W Fair Ave Ste 35 Marquette,  MI 49855 Get Directions (906) 225-4555View Insurance Accepted  Suggest an editDr. Eric Rose, DO is a sports medicine doctor who practices in Marquette, MI.  He is 61 years old and has been practicing for 33 years.ADVERTISEMENT






 




Learn about this doctorDr. Rose's Experience0ExperienceMatchExperience MatchSee how Dr. Rose's experience matches your preferences.1SpecialtiesFor the best healthcare for your needs, choose a doctor who specializes in your medical condition.1Board CertificationsBoard certification indicates that a doctor is highly qualified in the medical field in which they practice.0Conditions TreatedCheck to see that this provider treats your medical condition.0Procedures PerformedCheck to see that this provider performs the procedure that you need.Background CheckCheck to see if your provider has any malpractices, board actions, or sanctions.EducationLearn more about where this provider went to medical school, residency, and more.Awards & RecognitionView information about special awards and recognition for this provider.Languages SpokenCheck to see what languages this provider and/or staff speak.Memberships & Professional AffiliationsView memberships and affiliations associated with this provider.Overall Patient SatisfactionHave you recently visited Dr. Rose? Fill out a survey to help millions of people around the nation find the right doctor.Take SurveySee all 11 Sports Medicine Specialists in Marquette, MI 49855Dr. James Dixon, MDSports Medicine(3)Dr. Phillip Arnold, DOSports Medicine(9)Dr. John Lehtinen, MDGeriatric Medicine(2)Dr. Rodney Swan, MDSports Medicine(2)Dr. Bruce Trusock, MDSports Medicine(7)Dr. Christopher Peer, MDSports Medicine(3)View MoreVisiting Dr. RoseDr. Rose accepts 5 insurance carriersView all insurance carriers Dr. Rose is now accepting new patients Occupational Medicine Services1414 W Fair Ave Ste 35Marquette, MI 49855(906) 225-4555Get DirectionsDr. Rose's ReviewsHelp millions of people find the right doctor. Share your experience today!Be the first to leave a review!Are you Dr. Rose?Make it easy for patients to share their feedback. Also manage your personalized profile!Get started today!Compare Dr. RoseCompare this DoctorView other doctors with similar experience to find the right doctor for you.Dr. James Dixon, MDSports Medicine1414 W Fair Ave Ste 190Marquette, MI 49855Patient Satisfaction(3)Dr. Phillip Arnold, DOSports Medicine3711 State Highway 42Fish Creek, WI 54212Patient Satisfaction(9)Distance98.9  miles awayDr. John Lehtinen, MDGeriatric Medicine1414 W Fair Ave Ste 35Marquette, MI 49855Patient Satisfaction(2)Dr. Rodney Swan, MDSports Medicine1400 W Ice Lake RdIron River, MI 49935Patient Satisfaction(2)Distance65.5  miles awayDr. Bruce Trusock, MDSports Medicine600 Macinnes DrHoughton, MI 49931Patient Satisfaction(7)Distance65.8  miles awayDr. Christopher Peer, MDSports Medicine500 Campus DrHancock, MI 49930Patient Satisfaction(3)Distance68.3  miles awayDr. James Spears, MDOrthopedic Sports Medicine440 Woodward AveIron Mountain, MI 49801Patient Satisfaction(18)Distance60.5  miles awayDr. Michael Occhietti, MDOrthopedic Surgery1711 S Stephenson Ave Ste 100Iron Mountain, MI 49801Patient Satisfaction(8)Distance59.9  miles awayDr. Michael Carter, MDOrthopedic Sports Medicine500 Campus Dr Ste 1Hancock, MI 49930Patient Satisfaction(13)Distance68.3  miles awayHeidi Johnson, PTPhysical Therapy218 S US Highway 141 Ste 100Crivitz, WI 54114Patient SatisfactionDistance96.1  miles awayView all 10 matchesSee all sports medicine doctors in Marquette, MI×Dr. Rose's experience matches your search based on the following criteria: Based on total number of patients treated over the last 12 months Specializes in Sports Medicine Board certified in Occupational Medicine Malpractice claims in Michigan not available No sanctions found No board actions found×Awards & RecognitionAwards & HonorsHealthgrades Honor RollWhat is a recognized doctor Healthgrades Recognized Doctor designation identifies leading doctors who:Are board certified.Have not had their license surrendered or revoked since Healthgrades started collecting data in 2000.Have no malpractice judgments, adverse arbitration awards, or monetary settlements for the last five years in the states in which Healthgrades can collect malpractice data.Are free of state or federal disciplinary actions (sanctions) for the last five years.Healthgrades updates the Recognized Doctor list quarterly based on board certification data. Healthgrades also receives sanction and malpractice data throughout the year, depending on how frequently the state medical boards release updates. We remove a newly sanctioned doctor from the Recognized Doctor list as soon as we receive the information. However, it is important to note that malpractice information is publically available in only 14 states.Media & PublicationsDr. Rose has no media or publications listed.Background Check n/a Malpractice Claims not availableHealthgrades does not collect malpractice information for Michigan.What is medical malpracticeWhat is medical malpractice?Medical malpractice is issued when negligence by a doctor causes injury to a patient. For example, a doctor may improperly diagnose, treat or medicate outside the standard of medical care. The three types of malpractice are: a settlement, an arbitration award, or a judgment.If my doctor has malpractice history, does that mean he or she is a poor-quality doctor?If your doctor has a malpractice claim, evaluate the information and determine if the action could potentially impact the quality of care you receive. Claim settlements and arbitration awards may occur for a variety of reasons, which should not necessarily reflect negatively on the doctor's professional competence or conduct.You may want to use this information to start a discussion with the doctor about his or her history and specific ability to provide healthcare for you.How far back does Healthgrades malpractice history go?Healthgrades reports details of a doctor’s malpractice history when the doctor has at least one closed medical malpractice claim within the last five years, even if he or she no longer practices in that state.For which states does Healthgrades collect malpractice history?Healthgrades collects malpractice information from California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Massachusetts, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia and West Virginia. If your doctor has a malpractice claim, evaluate the information and determine if the action could potentially impact your quality of care. Sometimes multiple states report the same claim. If a provider practices in a state where data is unavailable, please reach out to your local state legislature to help make this data publicly available.0SanctionsNo sanctions history found for the years that Healthgrades collects data.What is a sanction or disciplinary actionWhat is a sanction or disciplinary action?A sanction, also known as a disciplinary action, is an action taken to punish or restrict a doctor who has demonstrated professional misconduct. Sanctions may be imposed by a state medical board, professional medical licensing organization, or the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.If my doctor has sanction history, does that mean he or she is a poor-quality doctor?If a doctor has a sanction, it does not necessarily mean that he or she is a poor-quality doctor. Some sanctions are not related to medical care, and involve a doctor’s finances or administrative activities. Before you make any choices about changing your doctor, we recommend that you evaluate the doctor’s sanction information and determine how severe or relevant you think the sanction cause and action were.How far back does Healthgrades sanction history go?Healthgrades reports state and federal sanctions from the previous five years, except when a doctor's license has been revoked or surrendered. Healthgrades displays all actions for doctors whose licenses have been revoked or surrendered.For which states does Healthgrades collect sanction history?Healthgrades collects sanction history from all 50 U.S. states. Physicians with a disciplinary action in one state may move to another state where they have a clean record. Since Healthgrades painstakingly compiles disciplinary action information from all 50 states, Healthgrades website will show if a physician has a disciplinary action in more than one state.0Board ActionsNo board actions found for the years that Healthgrades collects data.What are board actionsWhat are board actions?Board actions are non-disciplinary actions imposed upon a doctor based on a complaint investigation. A patient or medical colleague may file a complaint with that state medical board or professional licensing organization, which then investigates the complaint. Board actions are intended to ensure that a doctor is able to perform safe medical and health care tasks.Types of non-disciplinary actions include an advisory letter, a corrective action agreement, a limitation or restriction on the medical or healthcare tasks a doctor can perform, or a voluntary agreement by the doctor not to practice. A board action can also include a termination of a corrective action agreement or voluntary agreement, which allows the doctor to return to full practice.If my doctor has a board action, does that mean he or she is a poor-quality doctor?If a doctor has a board action, it means he or she has had a non-disciplinary action imposed upon him or her. It does not necessarily mean that he or she is a poor quality doctor. Before you make any choices about changing your doctor, evaluate the doctor's board action information and determine how severe or relevant you think the cause and action were.How far back does Healthgrades non-disciplinary board action history go?Healthgrades reports non-disciplinary board action history from for the previous five years, except when a doctor's license has been revoked or surrendered. Healthgrades displays all actions for doctors whose licenses have been revoked or surrendered.For which states does Healthgrades collect non-disciplinary board actions?Healthgrades collects non-disciplinary board actions from all 50 U.S. states.Board CertificationsWhy It Matters: Dr. Rose's Board CertificationsBoard certification should be one of your top considerations when choosing a doctor. Board certification is an official recognition given to doctors who have met specific requirements set by national medical specialty boards in the... More Why It Matters: Dr. Rose's Board CertificationsBoard certification should be one of your top considerations when choosing a doctor. Board certification is an official recognition given to doctors who have met specific requirements set by national medical specialty boards in the United States.Board certification indicates that a doctor is highly qualified in the medical field in which he or she practices. A board-certified doctor is more likely than a non-board-certified doctor to have the most current skills and knowledge about how to treat your medical condition.Dr. Rose is Board Certified in:Occupational MedicineAccrediting Board: American Board of Preventive Medicine ** This information is proprietary data maintained in a copyrighted database compilation owned by the American Board of Medical Specialties. Copyright 2017 American Board of Medical Specialties. All rights reserved.Less Occupational MedicineConditions TreatedDr. Rose does not have any conditions listed. If you are Dr. Rose and would like to add conditions you treat, please update your free profile.EducationMedical SchoolMichigan State University College Of Human MedicineGraduated in 1984Internship HospitalHumana Hospital South BrowardCompleted in 1985Residency HospitalUniversity CincinnatiCompleted in 1987Languages SpokenEnglishMemberships & Professional AffiliationsDr. Rose does not have any memberships or affiliations listed. If you are Dr. Rose and would like to add memberships or affiliations, please update your free profile.SpecialtiesSports MedicineProcedures PerformedDr. Rose does not have any procedures listed. If you are Dr. Rose and would like to add procedures you perform, please update your free profile.


































Rose Eric V | MD | Read Reviews + Get a Free Estimate | BuildZoom


































































×





Want a quote from
Rose, Eric V?


We recommend getting 3 quotes
for any construction project. 
Use our
free bidding system
to get a quote from Rose, Eric V
+ 2 more of the best.



Tell us about your project









Is this your business? Claim now >






R







BZ Score:
90







License # 2156




MD









Rose, Eric V




this is my business



Contact us






BZ Score:
90







WRITE A REVIEW















Summary


Building
Permits
(1)



this is my business
request a quote















Home

 
/


Search

 



Updated: Mar 03, 2017





Overview

Rose, Eric V holds a Mech Cont, Master  license (2156) according to the Annapolis license board. Their BuildZoom score of 90 indicates that they are licensed or registered but we do not have additional information about them.BuildZoom has not verified this license since its expiration date. If you are thinking of hiring Rose, Eric V, we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board and using our bidding system to get competitive quotes. 





Contact


Do you work for this business?
Unlock this free profile
to update company info and see who's viewing your profile.








Notable Building Permits filed by Rose, Eric V




Sort by:
Notable
Notable
 | 
Date
Date
 | 
Job Value
Job Value




















Mechanical



13690 Legacy Circle, Annapolis, MD
2013-04-09


Replace existing a/c, heating, ductwork 


Valuation:

$6,700



Permit #:

MEC13-0158



Status:

FINALED



Fee:

$90



Permit Type:

EXISTING BLDG - COMM



Building Type:

N/A















Similar Contractors









MD



Palm Beach Gardens Construction, Inc




License # 1725


MD







119

BZ Score


$151K
Avg Project 


34
Projects














MD


Jan El Contracting Inc




MD







115

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


4
Projects














MD



Fast Signs




License not required 


MD







118

BZ Score


$3.8K
Avg Project 


69
Projects













Rose, Eric V Reviews



BuildZoom hasn't received any reviews for Rose, Eric V. Click here to be alerted when reviews are posted about them.



Please write a review about Rose, Eric V










1
Rate this contractor







Click stars to rate




2
Provide a detailed review of this contractor.






 













Recent Buildzoom Projects


View all








Custom Home Build










Restaurant Buildout










Swimming Pool Project










Kitchen Remodel










Bathroom Remodel








Request a Quote





Explore BuildZoom

If you are considering hiring Rose, Eric V,
we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board
and using our
bidding system
to get competitive quotes.




Hiring a contractor?






Get bids from BuildZoom's best contractors within 5 mins during regular business hours by filling out this form




I need help with...





Zip Code





Request Quotes From





90


Rose, Eric V








119


Palm Beach Gardens Construction, Inc







115


Jan El Contracting Inc







118


Fast Signs






Request a Quote







License info














License Not Verified


License #2156StatusActiveCityAnnapolisTypeMech Cont, Master


When BuildZoom last verified this license, it had an expiration date of April, 2013. Check the current license status of Rose, Eric V with the The City of Annapolis, MD












90




BuildZoom Score


How the BuildZoom Score works








Follow this contractor

















Before you Hire

Here are some rules, regulations, and laws governing general contractors
in Annapolis:













Does Rose, Eric V carry a valid contracting license?



Maryland laws protect consumers by requiring home improvement contractors to hold a current license issued by the Maryland Home Improvement Commission.
Rose, Eric V currently holds license 2156 (Mech Cont, Master), which was Active when we last checked. 











How important is contractor licensing in Annapolis?



The Maryland Home Improvement Commission maintains high standards for home improvement contractor licensing. Applicants must provide proof of at least two years of experience or education in their given field and pass a board exam prior to receiving their license.











Your liability risk when hiring Rose, Eric V



Licensed contractors in Maryland are required to show proof of $50,000 liability insurance in order to obtain their license.











Financial recourse when hiring Rose, Eric V



If you hire a licensed contractor in Maryland, you are protected by the State's Home Improvement Guaranty Fund. This fund is administered by the Home Improvement Commission to compensate homeowners who suffer economic damages at the hands of a licensed home improvement contractor. No coverage is provided to the homeowner if the contractor is not properly licensed. 











What else should I know before hiring Rose, Eric V



Licensed contractors in Maryland must provide proof of financial solvency based on the scope and size of their business in relation to total assets, liabilities, credit rating, and net worth.











How is the BuildZoom score calculated?



The BuildZoom score is based on a number of factors including the contractor's license status, insurance status, verified work history, standing with local consumer interest groups, verified reviews from other BuildZoom users and self-reported feedback from the contractor.











Why you should hire through BuildZoom



When it comes to major construction work or even minor alterations to your home, hiring the wrong contractor could result in incomplete or defective work. You may even find yourself dealing with huge liability claims. BuildZoom does the homework for you and helps you hire the right contractor.











You should get several bids before hiring a contractor



The Maryland Home Improvement Commission recommends getting at least three written bids before hiring a contractor. Do not automatically accept the lowest bid - an abnormally low bid may indicate the contractor made a mistake and is not including the same work quoted by their competitors. We've made the bid collection process extremely simple (and free). Just click here to get started.









About BuildZoom






BuildZoom has one simple purpose: To help you find the perfect contractor
for any job, commercial or residential.


BuildZoom is a database of every licensed contractor in the United States.
We work hard to figure out who the great contractors are, and who the bad
contractors are.

more...





BuildZoom combines license information on 3.5 million contractors with
110 million building permits, and over 80,000
reviews from property owners.If you are looking for a specific
contractor and you can’t find them on BuildZoom, it’s likely that they do
not have a license - please
contact us
and we’ll try to help!



Finding a Contractor through BuildZoom



The best way to use BuildZoom is to let us recommend contractors for
your remodeling projects.


Homeowners who

hire through BuildZoom's free bidding system
 report high rates of satisfaction, and homeowners who research
contractors online are twice as likely to be happy at the end of their
project.


If you hire a contractor through BuildZoom, that contractor is
accountable to us. We can enforce standards of behavior, mediate
disputes, and guarantee satisfaction.



Read more about why hiring through BuildZoom is so effective.
 
less...









Press Coverage





BuildZoom’s database now contains every licensed contractor across the U.S. - over 2.5 million of them... Categorized contractor profiles are enriched using government data from state licensing boards, Better Business Bureau ratings, and more…


BuildZoom jumped into the fray by announcing that it raised $10.6 million in a round led by Formation 8. ...the Y combinator-backed startup said it will be focused on remodeling projects, where the median budget is around $19,000…


A new index compiled by BuildZoom — which identifies contractors for projects — found that renovations are
running 2.8 percent above their 2005 level…




















×
Contact Rose, Eric V
We will attempt to deliver your message to Rose, Eric V. We'll notify you when it is delivered.













Your Name

Your Email

Your Phone (optional)

Your Message

I'm interested in speaking with you about a project. Are you available to chat today?

 









‹
›
×




×












 
How the BuildZoom Score Works
Read more about the BuildZoom scoring algorithm here.


A Licensed Contractor Starts with 90 Points.


Their score will increase or decrease based on these variables.
























Positive Client Feedback





Verified License + Insurance





Project History





Community Participation





Profile Page Content


Employee Info
Years in Business
Contact Info
Project Photos









Suspended or Inactive License





Negative Client Feedback





Limited Work History
























Browse remodeling photos
If you are looking for remodeling ideas, you can browse hundreds of beautiful photos of work performed by our general contractors.






Browse building permits
You can use our building permit search to see the contractors who are active in your neighborhood and the projects currently taking place.






Get a cost estimate
Use our remodeling calculator to get a ballpark estimate for your project. If you're ready to hire, use our bidding system to get actual quotes from local contractors.





























































