










 






Rosen Robert Interiors in Media, PA 19063 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Pennsylvania
» Media
» Upholstery & Furniture Repair
» Rosen Robert Interiors













Rosen Robert Interiors


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





55 Shady Hill Rd  Media, Pennsylvania 19063


(610) 696-2760
Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Rosen Robert Interiors is located at the address 55 Shady Hill Rd in Media, Pennsylvania 19063.  They can be contacted via phone at (610) 696-2760 for pricing, hours and directions.  For more information go to www.roseninteriors.comRosen Robert Interiors provides Custom Services, Upholstery, Shipping to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Rosen Robert Interiors view the map to the right.  For reviews of Rosen Robert Interiors see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Pillows
, Linen
, Bedding
, Synthetic Fabrics
, Fleece
, Designer Fabrics
, Window Treatments
, Upholstery Fabrics



SERVICES


Shipping
, Design Services
, Consultations
, Upholstery
, Custom Services



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (610) 696-2760
Website: www.roseninteriors.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Main Contact First Name: Robert
Main Contact Last Name: Rosen
Main Contact Title: Owner
Offers: Free Estimate
Product Features: Fabric
Specialties: Fabrics, Shutters
Year Started: 1948
CATEGORIES:


Upholstery & Furniture Repair
Blinds & Shades
Draperies & Curtains
Textile Products Manufacturing & Wholesale
Business, Industry & Agriculture
Home & Office
Repair & Maintenance
Window Treatments
Textiles Manufacturing & Wholesale



Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Rosen’s (M,R) system in process algebra | BMC Systems Biology | Full Text































































































































Skip to main content




Advertisement












Login to your account


Search



Search BioMed Central articles


Search












                            BMC Systems Biology
                        
















Research article
Open Access


Rosen’s (M,R) system in process algebraDerek Gatherer1, 3Email author and Vashti Galpin2BMC Systems Biology20137:128https://doi.org/10.1186/1752-0509-7-128©  Gatherer and Galpin; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. 2013Received: 11 July 2013Accepted: 30 October 2013Published: 17 November 2013
Abstract
Background
Robert Rosen’s Metabolism-Replacement, or (M,R), system can be represented as a compact network structure with a single source and three products derived from that source in three consecutive reactions. (M,R) has been claimed to be non-reducible to its components and algorithmically non-computable, in the sense of not being evaluable as a function by a Turing machine. If (M,R)-like structures are present in real biological networks, this suggests that many biological networks will be non-computable, with implications for those branches of systems biology that rely on in silico modelling for predictive purposes.

Results
We instantiate (M,R) using the process algebra Bio-PEPA, and discuss the extent to which our model represents a true realization of (M,R). We observe that under some starting conditions and parameter values, stable states can be achieved. Although formal demonstration of algorithmic computability remains elusive for (M,R), we discuss the extent to which our Bio-PEPA representation of (M,R) allows us to sidestep Rosen’s fundamental objections to computational systems biology.

Conclusions
We argue that the behaviour of (M,R) in Bio-PEPA shows life-like properties.

Keywords
Robert Rosen
(M,R)
Metabolism-replacement
Metabolism-repair
Relational biology
Process algebra
Bio-PEPA
Computability
Turing machine

BackgroundRelational biology is a discipline founded by Robert Rosen (1934–1998) [1–3], based on the previous work of Nicolas Rashevsky (1899–1972), which considers biological network structures using the mathematical tools of category theory. Relational biology might be considered a branch of systems biology, in that it studies the same objects as systems biology, and for similar reasons, namely to improve our understanding of how complex biological processes work. However, its methods and conclusions are so radically different to those of conventional systems biology that one might almost say it constitutes an alternative discourse on the subject. Systems biologists attempt to represent biological network systems as software objects for simulation on computers. These network structures may vary in their degree of complexity, but the difference between simple and complex networks is treated as one of degree rather than of kind. By contrast, relational biologists define complex systems as only those systems having impredicative (self-referencing) components, and claim that these systems are non-computable as functions by Turing machines. For relational biologists, complex systems are therefore qualitatively different to simple ones.A Turing machine is a formal mathematical model of computation, which has a notion of its internal state, an unbounded tape and a read-write head for that tape [4]. It also has a table to determine the next internal state, the symbol to be written to the tape and the direction in which to move the head, all of which depend on the current internal state and the current symbol. The concept of the unbounded tape may be taken to imply limitless time and space for computation. A function is (Turing-) computable if it can be evaluated by a Turing machine which, when given an input to the function, eventually writes the value of the function for that input on its output tape, assuming that the function is defined for the input. No time bound can be imposed on how long the Turing machine will take to output the value.An adequate exposition of the logic of relational biology is impossible within the limits of a research paper. The strategy adopted here is therefore to concentrate on Rosen’s Metabolism-Repair/Replacement system, conventionally abbreviated in brackets as (M,R), a very small, but nevertheless allegedly non-computable, network which is the central object of study in modern relational biology. Metabolism-Repair was Rosen’s own phrase, but Metabolism-Replacement is used here for reasons given by previous authors [5]. Readers interested in the construction of (M,R), and in particular the reasons why it is deemed to be non-computable, are referred to Louie’s recent book [6], and for contextual material to Rosen’s previous book [7] and the recent series of reviews [5, 8–11]. Only the briefest description of (M,R) is given in the following paragraphs, referring to Figures 1 and 2, which illustrate (M,R) in two ways.

Figure 1
The Louie-Kercel representation of ( M,R )[10]. Lines with open arrowheads are metabolic productive reactions, for instance A produces B. Lines with filled arrowheads represent catalysis. Conventionally these point to the substrate of a metabolic reaction. For instance f catalyses the production of B from A, and this is indicated by f pointing to A. Likewise, Φ catalyses the production of f from B, so an open-headed arrow goes from B to f, and a filled arrow from Φ to B.


Figure 2
The Goudsmit representation of ( M,R )[15]. Black lines are metabolic productive reactions. Red dotted lines represent catalysis – for instance f catalyses the production of B from A. Compare with Figure 1, to which this figure is equivalent.
Relational biologists argue that the non-computability of (M,R) by Turing machines is achieved through a circular pathway of causal relations, termed closure to efficient causation[7]. Furthermore relational biologists seek to demonstrate that such non-computable systems, when represented as graphs, may be surprisingly small in terms of their total number of nodes and edges. Relational biologists do not deny that complex systems can be simulated, but maintain that they can never truly be computed as functions [6, 7, 12]. Since even the most advanced computers still use Turing architecture (i.e. they are random access stored program machines that are almost Turing machine equivalent), the full computational analysis of complex biological systems is therefore postulated to be beyond our current computing abilities.Relational biology has therefore concentrated its efforts into pure mathematics to the exclusion of computational analysis. Rosen once quipped that his mentor, Rashevsky, had lived in a time when computers were not easily accessible but, even if they had been, he would not have used them [12]. The abstract graph structures developed by relational biologists are referred to as models, and a modelling relation is achieved between a system in the natural world and a model in the mathematical world when their entailment structures, meaning the totality of their internal causal relations, are identical. Entailment is an important concept in relational biology. When a certain pattern of system states necessarily results in a certain outcome, it is said that this outcome is entailed by that cause. Relational biologists describe logical entailments in their mathematical work that represent entailments from the physical world and insist, for a correct modelling relation to be obtained, that these entailments must occur in the model. A simulation, by contrast, represents the world in a much more approximate way than a model, without the requirement for congruence of internal causal relations. A simulation may be an excellent predictive tool for the natural world, but when it goes wrong one may have no idea why, since its entailment structure is largely a work of creative approximation. Relational biologists maintain that much of conventional systems biology is merely about the development of such approximate simulations [6, 7, 12].Rosen also argued that a corollary of the non-computability of complex systems is the fact that they are also non-reducible to their component reactions, in that a model of a complex system cannot be constructed simply by an additive assembly of smaller models of that system’s individual reaction components [7]. By contrast, whatever claims that systems biologists may make about their own anti-reductionism [13], the construction of software representations of biological networks requires the individual representation of component reactions in code, in effect a reduction at the software level. Relational biologists acknowledge that there are many systems that are reducible and algorithmically computable in this way, but none of these are truly complex, and therefore few are really interesting from a biological point of view. A further point of disagreement concerns the issue of mechanism. Systems biologists, and molecular biologists in general, view biological processes as machine-like. Relational biologists maintain that closure to efficient causation (i.e. the presence of closed causative loops, as in (M,R)) produces an entailment structure, meaning a pattern of necessary causal relationships, that is quite unlike that of a machine. In summary, relational biologists see complex biological systems as non-mechanistic, non-reducible and non-computable [7, 12]. Relational biologists are therefore drawn to the conclusion that much of systems biology is at best over-ambitious, an attempt to compute the impossible and to force biological systems into inappropriate mechanist and reductionist straitjackets, and as a result of this that systems biology has no predictive power. On the other hand, systems biologists rarely stay the course with the two book-length expositions of relational biology [6, 7], and may even believe that anything is computable, given sufficient time and processing power, despite the fact that computer scientists have long known this to be trivially false [14]. The two disciplines exist on either side of a looking-glass. In this paper, we attempt, like systems biology versions of Alice, to cross the looking-glass and force the tools of one world onto the materials of the other. A certain amount of abrasion inevitably results, both to tools and materials, but we aim to demonstrate that a minimal degree of adjustment is required to achieve congruence between the two approaches. Whether this represents genuine progress or yet another fudge perpetrated by systems biologists, is left to the judgement of the reader.We now turn to consideration of (M,R) in more detail. Figure 1 shows the current standard representation of (M,R) as given by Louie & Kercel [10]. Figure 2 shows an alternative provided by Goudsmit [8, 15]. Figure 1 follows the representative conventions of relational biology, as follows: B is produced from A, and this is represented by an open-headed arrow from A to B. This productive reaction is catalysed by f, and this is represented by a filled arrow from f to A. These diagrams can be re-expressed algebraically in category theory within which it is possible to manipulate set theoretical expressions to deduce that (M,R) contains impredicative set structures, i.e. sets that are members of themselves [10]. These form the centrepiece of the conclusion that (M,R) as a function is not Turing-computable. Some authors have questioned the mathematical correctness or completeness of the various category theory manipulations performed by relational biologists [16–18]. Others have disputed these claims [19–22]. The present paper concentrates solely on the diagrammatic representation of (M,R) and attempts to re-express it in process algebra.Rosen intended (M,R) to be interpreted very generally, as a representation of a whole metabolic system B produced from an entire set of nutrient sources A. Metabolic activity in B is catalysed by a set of enzymatic functions f and maintained by replacement functions Φ. Here, in the spirit of the previous simulation by Prideaux [23], we consider (M,R) as a representation of a single metabolic pathway, with A, B, f and Φ as individual entities, rather than the sets of metabolites and enzymes implied in Rosen’s use of (M,R) as a general schema. The Goudsmit representation (Figure 2) can be thought of as emphasizing this narrower interpretation, although it was not necessarily intended as such by its author. This therefore makes (M,R) more readily comprehensible to systems biologists, in effect bringing (M,R) as close as possible to the kind of network diagram typically displayed in the systems biology literature. In the Aristotelian language used by relational biologists, A is the material cause of B, demonstrated in Figure 1 by the open arrowhead and f is the effective cause of B, represented by the closed arrowhead ending on the material cause, A. The combination of two sequential closed and open ended arrows together represents entailment – the presence of f entails (i.e. necessarily results in) the presence of B. A similar relationship of material causation exists between B and f, this time effected by Φ, and between f and Φ, effected by B, which is represented as b when acting as an effective cause. This gives rise to a circular entailment structure: f entails B which (as b) entails Φ which entails f and so on. Such a circular entailment structure results in self-reference or impredicativity and therefore, it is claimed, non-computability by a Turing machine.Figure 2 represents (M,R) in narrower terms, A is a substrate for the production of B under the catalytic action of the enzyme f. B is also an enzyme (represented as b) which catalyses the production of Φ from f. Similarly Φ catalyses the production of f from B. Rather than attempting to represent the whole of metabolism and replacement, this second version of (M,R) demonstrates circular entailment and impredicativity in a single network with four components. It can thus readily be seen how (M,R), as a network motif [24], may repeatedly intrude into larger networks. If (M,R)’s non-computability really presents an insuperable obstacle to understanding complex biological systems, then by implication this raises questions concerning the usefulness of computational systems biology.Table 1 summarizes previous attempts to simulate (M,R). As long ago as 1974, Varela et al.[25] simulated an autopoietic system as a tessellation automaton on an IBM 360. The relevance of this early result to the computability of (M,R) systems only became apparent once Letelier et al.[35] demonstrated that autopoietic systems constitute a sub-class of (M,R) systems, by which time several further simulations of autopoietic systems had been developed [26–31]. Cho et al.[32] produced an extension to Rosen’s (M,R) system by allowing for mutation, defined simply as alterations to the system while it is in operation, transforming (M,R) from “a description in terms of mappings into a dynamical model familiar to control engineers”. This dynamical model was then represented as a hybrid automaton operating with non-deterministic state transitions. This automaton was then applied to a real example, the xanthophyll cycle in plants. Other researchers attempted to construct realistic biological network structures that capture all the required properties of (M,R). Cardenas et al.[8] demonstrated that both a completely abstract system that merely manipulated numbers and a plausible biochemical network both fulfilled the theoretical requirements of (M,R). They then simulated the latter using MatLab, COPASI and MetaTool [33]. A similar philosophy was adopted by Prideaux [23] who constructed an (M,R) system using the SPICE circuit simulator software. The present study follows previous studies (Table 1) in attempting to simulate (M,R) on a computer. This is the first such attempt using the process algebra Bio-PEPA [36, 37].Table 1

Summary of attempts to adapt (
M,R
) or its (alleged) derivatives, to run as simulations in computer systems

Type of simulationSoftware systemAuthorsAutopoieticTesselation automatonVarela et al. (1974) [25]AutopoieticSWARMMcMullin & Varela (1997), McMullin (2004) [26, 27]AutopoieticAssorted othersZeleny (1978), Breyer et al. (1998), Ikegama et al. (2002, 2008) [28–31]Extended (M,R)Hybrid automatonCho et al. (2005) [32]Full (M,R)-consistent exampleMatLab/COPASI/MetaToolPiedrafita et al. (2010, 2012) [33, 34]Full (M,R)-consistent exampleSPICEPrideaux (2011) [23]Compact (M,R)Bio-PEPAThis paper
ResultsIt is immediately evident that the Bio-PEPA (M,R) model has dynamic behaviour. Figure 3 shows an ordinary differential equation (ODE) analysis of the model with parameters chosen so that the model converges to steady state behaviour. Since ODEs are a continuous representation of a system that actually consists of discrete components, it is also interesting to perform a stochastic simulation (based on Gillespie’s approach [38]) of the model. Each stochastic simulation represents one possible trajectory of the model (rather than average behaviour which is what the ODE analysis provides, in general). Figure 4 shows a single stochastic simulation and Figure 5 shows the average of ten such simulations, illustrating the smoothing effect of averaging over multiple simulations. At steady state, there are 1000 molecules of A, approximately 577 of p (here we chose to use p instead of Φ), 495 of B, 286 of f, 28 of pB, 28 of fA and 14 of Bf. The ODE analysis can be performed for larger number of molecules by appropriately scaling the rate constants, and an analysis for A with an initial quantity of 107 molecules is given in the Additional file 1.

Figure 3
ODE analysis for the Bio-PEPA (M,R) model. (Parameters: k1 = l1 = m1 = 0.01, k2 = l2 = m2 = 100, k3 = l3 = m3 = 1, d1 = 0, d2 = 0.05, d3 = 0.02426. Initial quantities: A_init = f_init = 1000, B_init = p_init = fA_init = pB_init = Bf_init = 0).


Figure 4
Single stochastic simulation of the Bio-PEPA (M,R) model. (Parameters and initial values as for Figure 3).


Figure 5
Average of ten stochastic simulations of the Bio-PEPA (M,R) model. (Parameters and initial values as for Figure 3).
By contrast to Figures 3, 4 and 5, Figure 6 shows analysis of the model with one parameter changed: d2 = 0.07 instead of d2 = 0.05 in the proceeding figures. This bistability in (M,R) simulations has also been found by Piedrafita et al.[34]

Figure 6
ODE analysis of the Bio-PEPA (M,R) model. (Parameters and initial values as for Figure 3 except d2 = 0.07).
It can also be the case that for a given set of parameters, different stochastic simulations can have different outcomes (even if the ODE analysis shows a steady state). The model in Figures 7 and 8 uses different parameters to those illustrated in Figures 3, 4, 5 and 6. Figure 7 shows the ODE analysis with a steady state outcome and Figure 8 shows a stochastic simulation with the same parameters and initial starting conditions that nevertheless ‘dies’ at time 500 after which no more reactions occur.

Figure 7
ODE analysis of the Bio-PEPA (M,R) model. (Parameters: k1 = l1 = m1 = 1, k2 = l2 = m2 = 100, k3 = m3 = 10, l3 = 20, d1 = 0, d2 = 60, d3 = 19.2666666. Initial quantities: A_init = f_init = 1000, B_init = p_init = fA_init = pB_init = Bf_init = 0).


Figure 8
Single stochastic simulation of the Bio-PEPA (M,R) model. (Parameters and initial values as for Figure 7).
The explanation for the fact that the parameter regime in Figures 7 and 8 is more likely to produce a simulation with a finite lifespan, whereas the parameter regime shown in Figures 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7 more consistently survives beyond the 1000 time unit point, appears to be related to the steady state values of B, f and p that are obtained in each simulation. In the former case, these values are closer to zero than in the latter case, and hence it is more likely for two of these species to reach zero at the same time which brings all reactions to a halt.We have also modelled the STU model presented in Piedrafita et al.[33] in Bio-PEPA. Our Bio-PEPA model agrees with the ODE analysis presented in that paper and also allows us to do stochastic simulation. The results of the simulation (not shown) demonstrate that when STU is modelled stochastically, it is a possibility that all reactions cease close to the initial time when molecule counts are low but that if the species can be established in sufficient numbers then the reactions are likely to continue indefinitely.
DiscussionRosen’s (M,R) system has been encoded in the Bio-PEPA process algebra and this representation has been simulated in the Bio-PEPA Java Eclipse tool. In some runs, the system achieves a steady state and in others it exhibits initial activity and then becomes quiescent, similar to results from other simulations [33]. Due to the use of a stochastic sampling algorithm, identical input parameters can occasionally produce either “life” or “death”. (M,R) is therefore shown to be a fragile system under certain parameters and starting conditions, vulnerable to small perturbations, but nevertheless one that can on occasions achieve a metabolic equilibrium. Study of the behaviour of the model under an exhaustive range of input parameters, has, however, not been performed. It is possible that the system is more fragile in certain input ranges than others, but that remains unknown.This paper represents the latest in a handful of attempts to produce realizations of (M,R) in computers (Table 1). It differs from previous versions in that it uses as its starting point the diagrammatic representation of (M,R) (Figure 1), rather than any of the mathematical formulations. Our simulation represents a hypothetical universe where biological networks are structured precisely as described by (M,R). What therefore are its implications for Rosen’s thesis that (M,R) network structures are non-computable? Given the demonstrated activity in Figures 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8, one might jump to the conclusion that Rosen’s theory has been falsified, but for several subtle reasons it is not possible to state this without reservations.Previous attempts to re-express (M,R) in mathematical terms that might be more conducive to construction of a Turing computable model have often met with the response that they misrepresent in some way the structure of (M,R). For instance, Goertzel’s transformation of (M,R) in category theory into a representation in division algebra [39] was dismissed by Louie for the reason that it altered the entailment structure [21]. Similarly, the re-expression of (M,R) in terms of λ-calculus by Mossio and colleagues [40] omitted a crucial component [8]. The latter is of particular significance since anything that can be represented in terms of λ-calculus can be encoded in the computer language LISP, and is therefore by implication Turing-computable. This insistence that no alternative mathematical expression of (M,R) has correctly captured the entailment structures has also been extended to practical attempts to simulate (M,R) on computers. For instance, Louie takes this stance [22] relative to the work of Prideaux [23, 41], insisting it is merely a simulation of (M,R) and not a successful computation of the model. This issue of simulation versus modelling has also been a subject of much discussion in the field of autopoietic systems. A case has been made that autopoietic systems are subsets of (M,R) [35]. Within the autopoietic field the issue of Turing computability has been much debated [25–31, 42]. Those persuaded of the computability of autopoietic systems have therefore deduced that (M,R) must also be Turing-computable [43]. Nevertheless, it has also been maintained that autopoietic systems as constructed so far in software are not congruent with (M,R) entailment structures [8, 35]. The relevance of this debate to the computability or otherwise of (M,R) depends entirely on the validity of the parallel drawn between (M,R) and autopoietic systems, for which there is still only a single derivation [35].The model presented here is also open to the same potential criticism: that we have distorted the entailment structure of (M,R) or have not completely achieved the requirement for all entailments to be internal to the system. Insofar as our Bio-PEPA realization of (M,R) resembles Prideaux’s SPICE realization [23], it is vulnerable to Louie’s same criticism of the latter [22], if that criticism is accepted. Nevertheless, we believe that all the necessary productive, or perhaps one might say the synthetic, entailments represented by arrows in Figures 1 and 2 are captured in our Bio-PEPA representation. Rosen did not specify within the context of (M,R) where the raw material for A was to be obtained or how to prevent its dissipation or that of any of the other components. The questions of how to define ancillary system properties, such as the boundaries of the reaction compartment, arise only when one insists on forcing (M,R) into a biologically plausible context.A related issue concerns the way that the entailment structure of (M,R) is translated into software processes. Bio-PEPA is used to simulate (M,R) in both stochastic and deterministic ways. In the stochastic implementation, the entailment structure is “sampled”, meaning that one randomly chosen entailment will update the whole system state based on the rules of that entailment and the existing system conditions. In the deterministic version, there is no such “sampling”, but we set an arbitrary starting condition which determines the subsequent development of the system. The deterministic version is obviously the one closest to Rosen’s notion of entailment, but given that its behaviour is indistinguishable from the average of hundreds of runs of the stochastic version, we do not believe that this issue is important.The second potential criticism is that the unfolding of the system through time in both stochastic and deterministic versions of the simulation, is represented by a sequence of states. Rosen was quite explicit that relational systems such as (M,R) do not have states, since states are by Rosen’s definition a feature of systems where the entailment comes from outside the system, i.e. systems existing in a changing environment [7]. All computational simulations of (M,R) to date are temporal and pass through a sequence of states. At this point, systems biologists may insist that all models must of necessity have states since organisms (like computers) exist in time. However, many of our standard representations of biological networks are state-free, without it being much commented on. For example the diagrams of metabolic cycles found in biochemistry textbooks have no explicit time component. State-free does not therefore necessarily imply atemporality, merely a condition of representation. We consider this issue to be unresolved.We now turn to issues related to computability, and whether (M,R) is noncomputable. The first issue is that of definition of computability [4]. The theory of computation in general, and specifically the definition of computability, applies to partial functions, i.e. those that need only be defined on a proper subset of their input set. The computability of a function does not require termination for an input value on which that function is not defined, so it is not necessary for a Turing machine computing that function to terminate for every input. This issue of partial versus total functions (meaning those defined over all inputs) is raised in the appendix of Mossio et al. [40] Cárdenas et al.[8] in their rebuttal of that paper, state that Rosen’s definition of computability requires termination after a finite number of steps, presumably regardless of the input. However, as suggested by Mossio et al.[40] in their appendix, Rosen’s notion of computability is non-standard since if the function is not defined for an input, the standard definition of computability does not require termination. If Rosen’s definition of computability does not match current mathematical understanding of computation, then it severely weakens his argument about the non-computability of life.The second item we discuss is impredicativity. One of the foundations of relational biology’s claim that (M,R) is not computable is the existence of an impredicative set within its entailment structure when developed in category theory [6, 7]. However, impredicativity in and of itself is insufficient to ensure non-computability. For example, recent work in theoretical computer science has produced techniques for rendering impredicative sets (non-well-founded sets, or sets defined co-inductively) as predicative ones [40, 44]. This opens the possibility of transforming (M,R) in such a way as to eliminate its impredicative sets and show its Turing-computability. Some initial work has been done on applying hypersets, a method for representing impredicative and predicative sets under a single graphical notation, to (M,R) [44]. However, this is not fully worked out with respect to (M,R) as yet.Mossio et al.[40] expressed the basic (M,R) system in λ-calculus, using recursion to capture the impredicativity. They then used a fixed point operator to identify functions for f, B and Φ. They emphasise that “…Rosen’s definitional infinite regress is perfectly handled by recursion, in particular as formalized in the λ-calculus” ([40] page 494). Since the expression of a function in the λ-calculus and computability of the function by a Turing machine are equivalent, this means that Mossio et al.[40] purport to have shown that a general form of the (M,R) system can be expressed as a computable function. However, this has been questioned by Cárdenas et al.[8] on the grounds that Mossio et al.[40] do not accurately represent (M,R), specifically that they fail to capture the difference between B as product and b as catalyst (see Figures 1 and 2). This refers to the original formulation of (M,R) by Rosen as a depiction of a whole living system, where B represents the totality of the products of metabolism from nutrient sources represented by A. Only a subset of those products would have a catalytic function, and they are represented as b. Since the present adaptation of (M,R) represents a single metabolic pathway, B and b are the same entity. It should be noted that this is one respect in which our simulation differs from that of Prideaux [23], who treated B and b as separate entities and incorporated a conversion parameter between them.This brings us to the search for such predicted real (M,R) systems. Some of the work on simulation of (M,R) has involved attempts to define a plausible biological network that satisfies the constraints applied by the model [8, 20, 33]. However, it is also possible to approach this from the opposite direction. Given that a large amount of data is now available from the systems biology world on the structure of real biological networks, it may be possible to search known networks for topological structures similar to (M,R). The simplicity of (M,R) interpreted in its micro-form, with four entities and three reactions, suggests that it would be extremely common. Defining (M,R) as a network motif and searching for it in databases of networks would appear to be straightforward [24]. However, there is one major obstacle to this, namely that (M,R) mixes two kinds of reactions, synthetic and regulatory, that are frequently represented separately. Lerman et al.[45] call these M-models and E-models respectively. For instance, classical metabolic diagrams (M-models) frequently feature reaction intermediates and omit information on the catalysts of those reactions. Likewise, genetic regulatory network diagrams (E-models) tend to represent which genes activate or interact with others without necessarily specifying any of the products of those reactions. The search for real examples of (M,R) would be best focussed on models combining both metabolic and expression data. Lerman et al. have produced such a model, which they call an M-E model, for Thermotoga maritima, available in systems biology markup language (SBML) [45]. The resources to answer this question are therefore beginning to become available, and this would seem to be the obvious next step in the integration of relational and systems biology.
Conclusions(M,R) is presented here in a version using the process algebra Bio-PEPA. This is the latest in a series of attempts to realise (M,R) in software form. Under some input parameter configurations, the system can achieve a stable active state, whereas with others it dies. As in real living systems, stochastic factors influence the outcome. This “life-like” property suggests to us that computational relational biology is possible, provided it is recognised that its computational component will consist of open-ended processes.
MethodsBio-PEPA is a quantitative process algebra, specifically designed for modelling the interaction of proteins and other molecules [36]. It was developed from the stochastic process algebra PEPA which was introduced for modelling the behaviour and performance of artificial systems such as computer networks [37]. A molecular species S is expressed in Bio-PEPA as follows:

Where a1,…,an are reaction names, k1,…,kn are stoichiometric coefficients and the operators op1,…,opn are each one of the following:

 >> indicates the role of S is as a product,

 << indicates the role of S is as a reactant,

 (+) indicates the role of S is as an activator, or catalyst,

 (−) indicates the role of S is as an inhibitor.

Species are then combined to form a model

where there are p species, S1 through to Sp and their associated molecule counts or concentrations, x1 through to xp.To make this more concrete, consider the reactions in the (M,R) model. It consists of three enzymatic reactions of the form 

 where S is the substrate, E is the enzyme and P is the product. Considering one of them 

 (here we chose to use p instead of Φ) this can be expressed as the three bimolecular reactions

B + p → pB at rate l
1


pB → p + B at rate l
2


pB → p + f at rate l
3


which show how the substrate binds to the enzyme after which the substrate and enzyme unbind or alternatively the product is created and the enzyme is freed. These three species can be expressed in Bio-PEPA using the following text.

Considering reaction r_l3, this shows that both p and f are products of the reaction and pB is the only reactant. In each case the stoichiometric coefficient is one, meaning that only one molecule of each species is involved in the reaction. The rate at which this reaction takes places is specified by

using mass action. Furthermore the rates of the other reactions can be defined by



again using mass action, where l1, l2 and l3 are rate constants. Just considering these four species, the overall model in its initial state could then have the form

where there are B_init molecules of B and p_init molecules of p, and no molecules of either f or pB.A similar approach is used to express 

 in Bio-PEPA, and the rate constants used are m1, m2 and m3. The reaction 

 requires a slight modification since the amount of A remains constant as it is provided by the environment. The rate constants for this reaction are k1, k2 and k3. Additionally, each of B, f and p have a degradation term which is also mass action based, so the rate equation consists of a rate constant multiplied by the current quantity of the species. The rate constants are d1, d2 and d3 respectively. The full Bio-PEPA model is contained in the Additional file 1 and the Bio-PEPA Eclipse Plug-in can be downloaded from http://biopepa.org.The style of definition that Bio-PEPA uses is reagent-centric which means that the reaction capabilities of each species are defined, as opposed to the reaction-centric notation A → B. It is easy to switch between these two notations and Additional file 1: Figure S2 provides output from the Bio-PEPA Eclipse Plug-in tool illustrating the reaction-centric description of the Bio-PEPA model. One of the advantages of Bio-PEPA is that a model can be defined once and then different types of analysis can be performed.

              Declarations
            AcknowledgmentsThe authors thank Athel Cornish-Bowden (Marseilles), Tim Gwynn (http://www.panmere.com), Aloisius Louie (Ontario), Barry McMullin (Dublin), Tony McBryan (Glasgow), John Wilkins (Sydney) and András Salamon for many helpful comments on, and criticisms of, this and previous work. DG was entirely funded by a permanent MRC staff position. VG was partially funded by EPSRC.
Electronic supplementary material


12918_2013_1253_MOESM1_ESM.doc
Additional file 1: Figure S1: ODE analysis of Bio-PEPA (M,R) model. (Initial values of A and f: 107. Parameters from Figure 3 appropriately scaled). Figure S2. Screenshot from the Bio-PEPA Eclipse Plug-in showing the reaction-centric view of the Bio-PEPA (M,R) model. (DOC 194 KB)



Below are the links to the authors’ original submitted files for images.
12918_2013_1253_MOESM2_ESM.tif
Authors’ original file for figure 1


12918_2013_1253_MOESM3_ESM.tif
Authors’ original file for figure 2


12918_2013_1253_MOESM4_ESM.tif
Authors’ original file for figure 3


12918_2013_1253_MOESM5_ESM.tif
Authors’ original file for figure 4


12918_2013_1253_MOESM6_ESM.tif
Authors’ original file for figure 5


12918_2013_1253_MOESM7_ESM.tif
Authors’ original file for figure 6


12918_2013_1253_MOESM8_ESM.tif
Authors’ original file for figure 7


12918_2013_1253_MOESM9_ESM.tif
Authors’ original file for figure 8


12918_2013_1253_MOESM10_ESM.jpeg
Authors’ original file for figure 9


Competing interestsThe authors declare that they have no competing interests.Authors’ contributionsDG conceived the study, and shared in writing the text. VG performed the Bio-PEPA analysis, and shared in writing the text. All authors read and approved the final manuscript.
Authors’ Affiliations(1)MRC-University of Glasgow Centre for Virus Research(2)Laboratory for Foundations of Computer Science, School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh, Informatics Forum(3)Biomedical & Life Sciences, Lancaster University
ReferencesRosen R: Abstract biological systems as sequential machines. Bull Math Biophys. 1964, 26: 103-111. 10.1007/BF02476831.PubMedView ArticleGoogle ScholarRosen R: Abstract biological systems as sequential machines II: strong connectedness and reversibility. Bull Math Biophys. 1964, 26: 239-246. 10.1007/BF02479045.PubMedView ArticleGoogle ScholarRosen R: Abstract biological systems as sequential machines III: some algebraic aspects. Bull Math Biophys. 1966, 28: 103-111. 10.1007/BF02476393.View ArticleGoogle ScholarYan S: An Introduction to Formal Languages and Machine Computation. 1998, Singapore: World ScientificView ArticleGoogle ScholarCornish-Bowden A, Cardenas ML, Letelier JC, Soto-Andrade J: Beyond reductionism: metabolic circularity as a guiding vision for a real biology of systems. Proteomics. 2007, 7 (6): 839-845. 10.1002/pmic.200600431.PubMedView ArticleGoogle ScholarLouie AH: More than Life Itself. A Synthetic Continuation in Relational Biology. 2009, Ontos Verlag: FrankfurtView ArticleGoogle ScholarRosen R: Life Itself: A Comprehensive Inquiry into the Nature, Origin, and Fabrication of Life. 1991, New York: Columbia University PressGoogle ScholarCardenas ML, Letelier JC, Gutierrez C, Cornish-Bowden A, Soto-Andrade J: Closure to efficient causation, computability and artificial life. J Theor Biol. 2010, 263 (1): 79-92. 10.1016/j.jtbi.2009.11.010.PubMedView ArticleGoogle ScholarCornish-Bowden A: Making systems biology work in the 21st century. Genome Biol. 2005, 6 (4): 317-10.1186/gb-2005-6-4-317.PubMedPubMed CentralView ArticleGoogle ScholarLouie AH, Kercel SW: Topology and Life redux: Robert Rosen’s relational diagrams of living systems. Axiomathes. 2007, 17 (2): 109-136. 10.1007/s10516-007-9014-z.View ArticleGoogle ScholarBaianu IC: Robert Rosen’s work and complex systems biology. Axiomathes. 2006, 16: 25-34. 10.1007/s10516-005-4204-z.View ArticleGoogle ScholarRosen R: Essays on Life Itself. 2000, New York: Columbia University PressGoogle ScholarGatherer D: So what do we really mean when we say that systems biology is holistic?. BMC systems biology. 2010, 4 (1): 22-10.1186/1752-0509-4-22.PubMedPubMed CentralView ArticleGoogle ScholarGatherer D: Less is more: the battle of Moore’s Law against Bremermann’s Limit on the field of systems biology. BMC systems biology. 2007, 1 (supp.1): 53-View ArticleGoogle ScholarGoudsmit AL: Some reflections on Rosen’s conceptions of semantics and finality. Chem Biodivers. 2007, 4: 2427-2435. 10.1002/cbdv.200790198.PubMedView ArticleGoogle ScholarChu D, Ho WK: A category theoretical argument against the possibility of artificial life: Robert Rosen’s central proof revisited. Artif Life. 2006, 12: 117-134. 10.1162/106454606775186392.PubMedView ArticleGoogle ScholarLandauer C, Bellman K: Theoretical biology: organisms and mechanisms. AIP Conference Proceedings. 2002, 627 (1): 59-70.View ArticleGoogle ScholarGutierrez C, Jaramillo S, Soto-Andrade J: Some thoughts on A.H. Louie’s “More than life itself: a reflection on formal systems and biology”. Axiomathes. 2011, 21: 439-454. 10.1007/s10516-010-9118-8.View ArticleGoogle ScholarLouie AH: A living system must have noncomputable models. Artif Life. 2007, 13: 293-297. 10.1162/artl.2007.13.3.293.PubMedView ArticleGoogle ScholarLetelier JC, Soto-Andrade J, Guinez Abarzua F, Cornish-Bowden A, Cardenas ML: Organizational invariance and metabolic closure: analysis in terms of (M, R) systems. J Theor Biol. 2006, 238 (4): 949-961. 10.1016/j.jtbi.2005.07.007.PubMedView ArticleGoogle ScholarLouie AH: Any material realization of the (M, R)-systems must have noncomputable models. J Integr Neurosci. 2005, 4 (4): 423-436. 10.1142/S0219635205000926.PubMedView ArticleGoogle ScholarLouie AH: Essays on more than life itself. Axiomathes. 2011, 21: 473-489. 10.1007/s10516-011-9153-0.View ArticleGoogle ScholarPrideaux JA: Kinetic models of (M, R)-systems. Axiomathes. 2011, 21: 373-392. 10.1007/s10516-010-9121-0.View ArticleGoogle ScholarAlon N, Dao P, Hajirasouliha I, Hormozdiari F, Sahinalp SC: Biomolecular network motif counting and discovery by color coding. Bioinformatics. 2008, 24 (13): i241-i249. 10.1093/bioinformatics/btn163.PubMedPubMed CentralView ArticleGoogle ScholarVarela FJ, Maturana HR, Uribe R: Autopoiesis: the organization of living systems, its characterization and a model. BioSystems. 1974, 5: 187-196. 10.1016/0303-2647(74)90031-8.View ArticleGoogle ScholarMcMullin B: Thirty years of computational autopoiesis: a review. Artif Life. 2004, 10: 277-295. 10.1162/1064546041255548.PubMedView ArticleGoogle ScholarMcMullin B, Varela FJ: Rediscovering computational autopoiesis. SFI Working Paper 97-02-012. 1997, Santa Fe Institute,http://sacral.c.u-tokyo.ac.jp/refs/Barry.pdf,Google ScholarBreyer J, Ackermann J, McCaskill J: Evolving reaction–diffusion ecosystems with self-assembling structures in thin films. Artif Life. 1998, 4: 25-40. 10.1162/106454698568422.PubMedView ArticleGoogle ScholarOno N, Ikegami T: Selection of catalysts through cellular reproduction. 8th International Conference on Artificial Life. Edited by: Standish R, Bedau MA, Abbass HA. 2002, Cambridge, MA: MIT Press, 57-64.Google ScholarSuzuki K, Ikegami T: Shapes and self-movement in protocell systems. Artif Life. 2008, 15 (1): 59-70.View ArticleGoogle ScholarZeleny M: APL-AUTOPOIESIS: experiments in self-organization of complexity. Progress in Cybernetics and Systems Research, Volume 3. 1978, Washington: Hemisphere Publishing Corp, 65-84.Google ScholarCho K-H, Johansson KH, Wolkenhauer O: A hybrid systems framework for cellular processes. BioSystems. 2005, 80: 273-282. 10.1016/j.biosystems.2004.12.002.PubMedView ArticleGoogle ScholarPiedrafita G, Montero F, Moran F, Cardenas ML, Cornish-Bowden A: A simple self-maintaining metabolic system: robustness, autocatalysis, bistability. PLoS Comput Biol. 2010, 6 (8): e1000872-10.1371/journal.pcbi.1000872.PubMedPubMed CentralView ArticleGoogle ScholarPiedrafita G, Cornish-Bowden A, Moran F, Montero F: Size matters: influence of stochasticity on the self-maintenance of a simple model of metabolic closure. J Theor Biol. 2012, 300: 143-151.PubMedView ArticleGoogle ScholarLetelier JC, Marin J, Mpodozis J: Autopoietic and (M, R)-systems. J Theor Biol. 2003, 222: 261-272. 10.1016/S0022-5193(03)00034-1.PubMedView ArticleGoogle ScholarCiocchetta F, Hillston J: Bio-PEPA: a framework for the modelling and analysis of biochemical networks. Theor Comput Sci. 2009, 410 (33–34): 3065-3084.View ArticleGoogle ScholarHillston J: Process algebras for quantitative analysis. 20th Annual Symposium on Logic in Computer Science. 2005, Los Alamitos, CA: IEEE Computer Society, 1-10.Google ScholarGillespie DT: Exact stochastic simulation of coupled chemical reactions. J Phys Chem. 1977, 81 (25): 2340-2361. 10.1021/j100540a008.View ArticleGoogle ScholarGoertzel B: Appendix 2. Goertzel versus Rosen: Contrasting views on the autopoietic nature of life and mind. Creating Internet Intelligence. 2002, New York: Kluwer Academic/Plenum PublishersView ArticleGoogle ScholarMossio M, Longo G, Stewart J: An expression of closure to efficient causation in terms λ-calculus. J Theor Biol. 2009, 257: 489-498. 10.1016/j.jtbi.2008.12.012.PubMedView ArticleGoogle ScholarPrideaux JA: Exploring the temporal consequences of chasing the elements in Rosen’s relational diagrams. Chem Biodivers. 2007, 4: 2415-2426. 10.1002/cbdv.200790197.PubMedView ArticleGoogle ScholarFleischaker GR: Questions concerning the ontology of autopoiesis and the limits of its utility. Int J Gen Syst. 1992, 21: 131-141. 10.1080/03081079208945065.View ArticleGoogle ScholarChemero A, Turvey MT: ALifeX: Workshop on Artificial Autonomy. Complexity and “Closure to Efficient Cause”. 2006,http://www.ehu.es/ias-research/autonomy/ALworkshop/doc/papers/03_-_Chemero.pdf,Google ScholarChemero A, Turvey MT: Is life computable?. Advances in Modeling Adaptive and Cognitive Systems. Edited by: Loula A, Queiroz J. 2010, Editora UEFS: Editora UEFS, 29-37.http://www2.uefs.br/graco/amacs/pdf/chemero-adapcog.pdf,Google ScholarLerman JA, Hyduke DR, Latif H, Portnoy VA, Lewis NE, Orth JD, Schrimpe-Rutledge AC, Smith RD, Adkins JN, Zengler K, et al: In silico method for modelling metabolism and gene product expression at genome scale. Nature communications. 2012, 3: 929-PubMedView ArticleGoogle ScholarCopyright© Gatherer and Galpin; licensee BioMed Central Ltd. 2013
This article is published under license to BioMed Central Ltd. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.








Download PDF

Export citations


Citations & References

Papers, Zotero, Reference Manager, RefWorks (.RIS)

EndNote (.ENW)
Mendeley, JabRef (.BIB)



Article citation

Papers, Zotero, Reference Manager, RefWorks (.RIS)
EndNote (.ENW)
Mendeley, JabRef (.BIB)



References

Papers, Zotero, Reference Manager, RefWorks (.RIS)

EndNote (.ENW)
Mendeley, JabRef (.BIB)








Metrics







Share this article



Share on Twitter




Share on Facebook




Share on LinkedIn




Share on Weibo




Share on Google Plus




Share on Reddit





Section


Networks and information flow




Other Actions


Order reprint




Follow



Follow us on Twitter







Advertisement












BMC Systems Biology

ISSN: 1752-0509


Contact us

Editorial email: bmcsystbiol@biomedcentral.com
Support email: info@biomedcentral.com









                    We use cookies to improve your experience with our site.
                    More information about our cookie policy


Close




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Rosen, Robert Lewis Associates Ltd Inc                                                                                   - New York                                          , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



New York



Management Consulting Services



Management Consulting Services



                            Rosen, Robert Lewis Associates Ltd Inc
                                    



 





















R 


Rosen, Robert Lewis Associates Ltd Inc                                                                                  
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



420 LEXINGTON AVE RM 2532 NEW YORK, NY 10170
Get Directions



(212) 541-8641
www.rachelbaribeau.com                                                                                  





Business Info



 Founded 1975
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $643,650.00
 Employee Count 5
 Industries Management Consulting Services
 Contacts Robert Lewis Rosen                                                                                                      







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Rosen, Robert Lewis Associates Ltd Inc                                                                                   was founded in 1975, and is located at 420 Lexington Ave Rm 2532 in New York. Additional information is available at www.rachelbaribeau.com                                                                                   or by contacting Robert Lewis Rosen                                                                                                       at (212) 541-8641. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







R

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
























 Robert Fulton and the Steamboat | Rosen Publishing


























Top menu

Customer Service
Find a Rep
About
Canadian Customers
 800-237-9932
 888-436-4643 | M-F 9am-6pm EST



 



Log in
Create account
 Checkout
 






Header logo



Block as products carousel: Block as images slideshow:  




Header Info



SearchBlock as products carousel: Block as images slideshow:  









 

My List:
0 books

$0.00











Sections menu

Britannica
Rosen Central
Young Adult
PowerKids
Windmill Books
Rosen Digital
Grade Levels Elementary School
Middle School
High School

 














































Robert Fulton and the Steamboat Inventions That Changed the World 
Robert Fulton revolutionized water travel at the turn of the 19th century. In this book, readers will explore the different kinds of water travel available to Americans in the late 1700s and early 1800s, and how Fulton's invention was a vast improvement. This book covers Fulton's early life and work, his interest in canals and navigation, and his development of a widely successful steamboat. Readers will learn about how Fulton's steamboat worked and how it impacted people. Engineering and technology concepts make this a perfect match for STEM curricula, while Fulton's background and story provide an exciting history lesson. Engaging text and authentic photographs help readers understand Fulton's accomplishments, and the way his legacy has lived on.


 














Library Bound Book
List:
$26.25
                                                    /
                                                    S&L:
$19.70




eBook
List:
$26.25
                                                    /
                                                    S&L:
$19.70








                                                        Library Bound Book                                                    

                                                        eBook                                                    








Reading Level: 4-5 

Interest Level: 4-6 




Product type                                                : Library Bound Book                                            
 
ISBN                                                : 978-1-5081-4637-7                                            

Author                                                : Angela Royston                                            

Copyright                                                : 2016                                            
 
Language                                                : English                                            

Category                                                : Science, Technology                                            

Pages                                                : 32                                            
 
Trim                                                : 8 1/2" x 11"                                            

GRL                                                : T                                            

Dewey                                                : 623.82'4--d23                                            
 
Subject                                                : Science, Technology                                            

Binding                                                : Library                                            
 
                                            Black and White Photographs • Detailed Table of Contents • Full-color photographs • For Further Information Section • Glossary • Index • Timelines • Web Sites                                        















 


















Copyright



© 2017 ROSEN PUBLISHING. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.Block as products carousel: Block as images slideshow:  


































 Robert Rogers | Rosen Publishing


























Top menu

Customer Service
Find a Rep
About
Canadian Customers
 800-237-9932
 888-436-4643 | M-F 9am-6pm EST



 



Log in
Create account
 Checkout
 






Header logo



Block as products carousel: Block as images slideshow:  




Header Info



SearchBlock as products carousel: Block as images slideshow:  









 

My List:
0 books

$0.00











Sections menu

Britannica
Rosen Central
Young Adult
PowerKids
Windmill Books
Rosen Digital
Grade Levels Elementary School
Middle School
High School

 


































Robert Rogers The Library of American Lives and Times 
The life story of Major Robert Rogers, the New England frontiersman who recruited companies of colonial soldiers, known as Rogers' Rangers, to fight for the British in the French and Indian War, is a compelling mix of military intrigue and national identity. This feisty major codified colonial military strategies into a document, known as Standing Orders, and put these principles to practice in many battles, campaigns, and scouting.


* Reviews *
                    Series Review--"Stunning reproduction and photos provide a clear sense of the times and settings. These attractive titles serve not only as quality report sources but also as a general interest titles."---School Library Journal                
















Library Bound Book
List:
$35.60
                                                    /
                                                    S&L:
$26.70








                                                        Library Bound Book                                                    








Reading Level: 5 

Interest Level: 4-8 




Product type                                                : Library Bound Book                                            
 
ISBN                                                : 978-0-8239-5731-6                                            

Author                                                : Jennifer Quasha                                            

Copyright                                                : 2002                                            
 
Language                                                : English                                            

Category                                                : Social Studies, American History                                            

Pages                                                : 112                                            
 
Trim                                                : 6 7/8" x 9 1/2"                                            

GRL                                                : Z                                            

Dewey                                                : B                                            
 
Dewey(two)                                                : 973.2                                            

ATOS                                                : 7.2                                            

ARPoints                                                : 2                                            
 
Subject                                                : Social Studies, American History                                            

Binding                                                : Library                                            
 














 


















Copyright



© 2017 ROSEN PUBLISHING. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.Block as products carousel: Block as images slideshow:  






























Robert Rosen (Import & export history)
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Robert Rosen, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Robert Rosen

Robert Rosen imports from Central Cottage Industries Corp in China Taiwan through the port of Los Angeles, California        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Robert Rosen and millions of other importers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 INTEL TECHNOLOGY SDN BHD
 ADIDAS INDUSTRIAL
 TOYS R-US (WAREHOUSE #0083)
 FRITO LAY DOMINICANA, S.A.         
 GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATIO
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Robert Rosen
Robert Rosen imports from Central Cottage Industries Corp in China Taiwan through the port of Los Angeles, California


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



CENTRAL COTTAGE INDUSTRIES CORP
OF INDIA LTD. JAWAHAR VYAPAR BHAWAN JANPATH NEW DELHI 110001 INDIA


ROBERT ROSEN
ROSEN & ASSOC.PC.444 S.FLOWER ST.SUITE 3010 LOS ANGELES CA 90071 USA



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers








E/INDIAN ARTISTIC GOODS (PAPER MACHE ELEPHANT 
NO MARKS 
.
E/INDIAN ARTISTIC GOODS (PAPER MACHE ELEPHANT 
NO MARKS 
.





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number



APLU060208967


APHU7365136
APHU7365136


Product Description




H.S CODE  48237090, 68029100 TOURIST PURCHAS ,PAPER MACHE ELEPHANT (SMALL),MARBLE VASE & BRASS DUCK SET (2 PCS SET) QUANTITY  3 PCS



H.S CODE  48237090, 68029100 TOURIST PURCHAS ,PAPER MACHE ELEPHANT (SMALL),MARBLE VASE & BRASS DUCK SET (2 PCS SET) QUANTITY  3 PCS












Bill of LadingIMAV140114005406Arrival Date2014-06-25Weight (LB)354Weight (KG)161Quantity2 BOXContainer Count1Voyage No.027Port of LoadingKAOHSIUNGPort of DischargeLOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIAVessel NameAPL CALIFORNIACarrier CodeIMAVCountry Of OriginChina TaiwanPlace Of ReceiptNHAVA SHEVA, INDI 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Robert Rosen. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Robert Rosen has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Robert Rosen







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Robert Rosen
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Hangzhou Bondioli&pavesi Coml&trade                                



                                    American Rubber Development Inc                                



                                    Firma Beauty C/o A.n. Deringer, Inc                                



                                    Blue Mountain Cigars                                



                                    Rekuplast Gmbh                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.3055
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X

















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































Rosen Robert in Orlando, Florida with Reviews - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeOrlando, FLRosen RobertOrlando, FL Rosen RobertAbout Search ResultsAbout Search ResultsYP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. “Preferred” listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions. YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.Sort:DefaultDefaultDistanceRatingName (A - Z)Edward Jones - Financial Advisor: Robert Rosen109 E Monument Ave, Kissimmee, FL 34741(407) 870-5464InvestmentsFinancial ServicesWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoEdward Jones - Financial Advisor: Robert E Smith2669 Maguire Rd, Ocoee, FL 34761(407) 654-0305InvestmentsFinancial ServicesWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoEdward Jones - Financial Advisor: Robert T Hopper1850 W Fairbanks Ave, Winter Park, FL 32789(407) 647-0435InvestmentsFinancial ServicesWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection1. Edward Jones - Financial Advisor: Robert Rosen109 E Monument AveKissimmee, FL 34741(407) 870-5464Mutual FundsWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoMake an AppointmentFrom Business: Edward Jones is an investment firm that believes your financial goals deserve a face to face conversation. We can help you prepare for retirement, save for educat…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection2. Robert Rawlins Trucking305 Marathon LnSanford, FL 32771(407) 687-5503TruckingAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection3. Robert F Gums Comm Truck2290 S Volusia Ave Ste BOrange City, FL 32763(386) 215-4191TruckingWebsiteSponsored LinksShowing1-3
of 3resultsMap ViewSponsoredEdward Jones - Financial Advisor: Mark D Alarie575 S Chickasaw Trl, Orlando, FL 32825(407) 207-1325WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoEdward Jones - Financial Advisor: Tony Johnson2868 S Osceola Ave, Orlando, FL 32806(407) 849-2930WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoEdward Jones - Financial Advisor: Brian B Fucile1823 Edgewater Dr, Orlando, FL 32804(407) 426-8019WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoEdward Jones - Financial Advisor: Donovan E Mufdi575 S Chickasaw Trl, Orlando, FL 32825(407) 207-1325WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoEdward Jones - Financial Advisor: Suzanne Reams3200 S Hiawassee Rd, Orlando, FL 32835(407) 295-8300WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoEdward Jones - Financial Advisor: John Pock570 N Alafaya Trl, Orlando, FL 32828(407) 658-3067WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoEdward Jones - Financial Advisor: Mac Wren415 E Central Blvd, Orlando, FL 32801(407) 426-2820WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoEdward Jones - Financial Advisor: Cody M Cervellera808 Virginia Dr, Orlando, FL 32803(407) 897-7120WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoEdward Jones - Financial Advisor: James M Faust(2)2901 Curry Ford Rd, Orlando, FL 32806(407) 897-4610WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoEdward Jones - Financial Advisor: Mike Smith5130 Dr Phillips Blvd, Orlando, FL 32819(407) 296-0151WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoEdward Jones - Financial Advisor: Michael E Anderson3333 S Orange Ave, Orlando, FL 32806(407) 851-0120WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoEdward Jones - Financial Advisor: Matt Buckland808 Virginia Dr, Orlando, FL 32803(407) 897-7120WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoEdward Jones - Financial Advisor: Neil Oehlstrom3200 S Hiawassee Rd, Orlando, FL 32835(407) 295-8300WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoEdward Jones - Financial Advisor: Kevin Hill7569 W Sand Lake Rd, Orlando, FL 32819(407) 352-3528WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoEdward Jones - Financial Advisor: Kristina M Buhl(1)13526 Village Park Dr, Orlando, FL 32837(407) 852-9643WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoEdward Jones - Financial Advisor: George Stefanou(1)3700 Conway Rd, Orlando, FL 32812(407) 249-8307WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoEdward Jones - Financial Advisor: Elaine Lee-Spears13526 Village Park Dr, Orlando, FL 32837(407) 852-9643WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoEdward Jones - Financial Advisor: Kaley N White3700 Conway Rd, Orlando, FL 32812(407) 249-8307WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoEdward Jones - Financial Advisor: Brad Erb587 Ruby Ct, Maitland, FL 32751(407) 657-8331WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoEdward Jones - Financial Advisor: TJ Dolan316 N Park Ave, Winter Park, FL 32789(407) 645-2232WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoEdward Jones - Financial Advisor: Dwayne Gayle201 Maitland Ave, Altamonte Springs, FL 32701(407) 332-7428WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoEdward Jones - Financial Advisor: Leo C Lorenz316 N Park Ave, Winter Park, FL 32789(407) 645-2232WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoEdward Jones - Financial Advisor: Robert T Hopper1850 W Fairbanks Ave, Winter Park, FL 32789(407) 647-0435WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoEdward Jones - Financial Advisor: Patricia E Del Bene1875 W County Road 419 Ste 300, Oviedo, FL 32765(407) 359-8055WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoEdward Jones - Financial Advisor: Michael Dearman990 N State Road 434, Altamonte Springs, FL 32714(407) 772-8748WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoEdward Jones - Financial Advisor: George H Emerson32 E Plant St, Winter Garden, FL 34787(407) 656-6490WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoEdward Jones - Financial Advisor: Kerry D Luellen3316 E Semoran Blvd, Apopka, FL 32703(407) 389-0167WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoEdward Jones - Financial Advisor: Byron C Tobias175 E Main St, Apopka, FL 32703(407) 889-0362WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoEdward Jones - Financial Advisor: Vadim Klochko1134 E State Road 434, Winter Springs, FL 32708(407) 327-3473WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoEdward Jones - Financial Advisor: Joseph J Bellini541 E Horatio Ave, Maitland, FL 32751(407) 599-3122WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoDidn't find what you were looking for?magnifying glass 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback
