


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Home - Ross Sinclaire and Associates



























































Ross Sinclaire & Associates








RBC
TD Ameritrade

Ross Sinclaire & Associates






HomeProducts & Services

Asset ManagementStructured FinanceBrokerage ServicesPublic FinancePrivate Capital

OfficesProfessionalsContact Us























 
Ross Sinclaire & Associates
 
Ross Sinclaire & Associates
 
Ross Sinclaire & Associates
 
Ross Sinclaire & Associates
 
Ross Sinclaire & Associates
 






 Ross Sinclaire & Associates 





Welcome to Ross, Sinclaire & Associates, LLC
Always ChaLlenging the Status Quo
Ross, Sinclaire & Associates, LLC (RSA), is a full-service investment banking, securities brokerage and asset management firm dedicated to providing long-term superior results. Along with our Cincinnati headquarters, RSA has offices in Ohio, Kentucky, California, Illinois, Indiana, Massachusetts, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and Tennessee. RSA specializes in multiple disciplines within investment banking and financial services, including: Municipal Finance, Corporate Finance and Institutional Sales and Trading.

Learn more about RSA as featured in Lead Magazine article "The Art of Finance"




















Check our background on FINRA's BrokerCheck

























Bond Calendar

























8/3/2017



                                                
            
$645,000 Webster County SDFC School Building Revenue Bonds, Series of 2017
            
 







 



R





06/17/2014
 


$1,630


06/17/2014
 


$1,630


06/17/2014
 


$1,630,000 Barre
























Ross Sinclaire & Associates 
 
 
 
 


















Ross, Sinclaire & Associates, LLC - Headquarters


700 Walnut Street Suite 600  Cincinnati, Ohio 45202


800.543.1831


About Us      Careers      Glossary





 




Ross, Sinclaire & Associates, LLC is a registered broker-dealer, an investment advisor registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), and a member of FINRA and SIPC. Registration with the SEC does not imply a certain level of skill or training. Investment Products are Not FDIC Insured, Offer No Bank Guarantee, May lose value.





















About Us - Ross Sinclaire and Associates






























































Ross Sinclaire & Associates








RBC
TD Ameritrade

Ross Sinclaire & Associates






HomeProducts & Services

Asset ManagementStructured FinanceBrokerage ServicesPublic FinancePrivate Capital

OfficesProfessionalsContact Us













 


Ross Sinclaire & Associates 





About Us

Ross, Sinclaire & Associates, LLC (RSA), is a full-service investment banking, securities brokerage and asset management firm dedicated to providing long-term superior results for our clients. Along with our Cincinnati headquarters, RSA has offices in Ohio, Kentucky, California, Florida, Indiana, Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, New Jersey, and Tennessee. RSA professionals specialize in multiple disciplines within investment banking and financial services, including:

Municipal Finance
Corporate Finance
Institutional Sales and Trading

The RSA investment banking team’s record of success for our clients in municipal and corporate finance is a testament to their individual skills and standards. RSA bankers are a diverse group working closely with each client to structure and fund transactions, providing discernment and guidance among the vast array of options. Because each client’s goals, resources and strengths are unique, RSA bankers draw on their broad experience and knowledge to tailor a plan, custom-fit to deliver the desired results.

RSA clients benefit from the strategic relationships RSA has built with institutional investors over the years. Teamwork with our strategic partners sets RSA apart - not only in terms of service and convenience - it provides an inspiring level of certainty and ease in our investment banking transactions. As a result, RSA capital market services are some of the most highly regarded available.

To complement investment banking, RSA offers a wide range of services to institutional and retail investors, including:

Municipal finance
Corporate finance
Institutional sales and trading
Asset management
Retail brokerage services

Our clients rely on RSA to research, develop and offer investment products uniquely tuned to the sensitivities of the marketplace. RSA takes great pride in alerting clients to timely opportunities and offering prudent investment counsel.

OUR FOUNDATION AND LEADERSHIP
Terrell Ross and Murray Sinclaire, Jr. founded RSA in 1989. Sadly, Mr. Ross passed away in 2006. Mr. Sinclaire, nurtures the firm’s roots in sound business and investment fundamentals, a strong commitment to personal service and innovative professionals. The confidence and trust clients place in RSA investment bankers and financial advisors springs directly from our well-known competency, honesty and directness.











Asset Management

RSAM Solutions & InsightsInstitutions & Private ClientsInterested in Joining RSAMProfessionals

Structured Finance

State and Local Economic Development FinanceTax Credit Advisory

New Markets Tax CreditInvestment Tax CreditsHistoric Rehabilitation Tax Credits

Private Debt and EquityProfessionals

Brokerage Services

Equity Investing

OverviewMutual FundsExchange Traded Funds (ETF's)Common StockEquity Options

Fixed Income

OverviewMunicipal BondsUS Treasury and Agency ObligationsMortgage Backed SecuritiesCorporate BondsMoney Market InstrumentsPreferred StocksCertificates of Deposit

Alternative Investments

OverviewReal Estate TransactionsPrivate Equity (Venture Capital)

High Yield Securities

Overview

Financial Calculators

OverviewSavings CalculatorSavings Goals401(k) Savings CalculatorCollege SavingsRetirement Contribution Effects on Your Paycheck

ProfessionalsOffices

BostonCharlestonCincinnatiColumbusIndianapolisLexingtonLouisvillePittsburgh



Public Finance

Indiana

Scope of ServicesProfessionals

Kentucky

SchoolLocal GovernmentRankings

Ohio

Scope of ServicesAsset ManagementFinancial Advisory ServicesProject FinancingOhio Township AssociationRankingsProfessionals

West Virginia

Scope of ServicesNational Rankings



Private Capital























Ross, Sinclaire & Associates, LLC - Headquarters


700 Walnut Street Suite 600  Cincinnati, Ohio 45202


800.543.1831


About Us      Careers      Glossary





 




Ross, Sinclaire & Associates, LLC is a registered broker-dealer, an investment advisor registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), and a member of FINRA and SIPC. Registration with the SEC does not imply a certain level of skill or training. Investment Products are Not FDIC Insured, Offer No Bank Guarantee, May lose value.





















Home - Ross Sinclaire and Associates



























































Ross Sinclaire & Associates








RBC
TD Ameritrade

Ross Sinclaire & Associates






HomeProducts & Services

Asset ManagementStructured FinanceBrokerage ServicesPublic FinancePrivate Capital

OfficesProfessionalsContact Us























 
Ross Sinclaire & Associates
 
Ross Sinclaire & Associates
 
Ross Sinclaire & Associates
 
Ross Sinclaire & Associates
 
Ross Sinclaire & Associates
 






 Ross Sinclaire & Associates 





Welcome to Ross, Sinclaire & Associates, LLC
Always ChaLlenging the Status Quo
Ross, Sinclaire & Associates, LLC (RSA), is a full-service investment banking, securities brokerage and asset management firm dedicated to providing long-term superior results. Along with our Cincinnati headquarters, RSA has offices in Ohio, Kentucky, California, Illinois, Indiana, Massachusetts, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and Tennessee. RSA specializes in multiple disciplines within investment banking and financial services, including: Municipal Finance, Corporate Finance and Institutional Sales and Trading.

Learn more about RSA as featured in Lead Magazine article "The Art of Finance"




















Check our background on FINRA's BrokerCheck

























Bond Calendar

























8/3/2017



                                                
            
$645,000 Webster County SDFC School Building Revenue Bonds, Series of 2017
            
 







 



R





06/17/2014
 


$1,630


06/17/2014
 


$1,630


06/17/2014
 


$1,630,000 Barre
























Ross Sinclaire & Associates 
 
 
 
 


















Ross, Sinclaire & Associates, LLC - Headquarters


700 Walnut Street Suite 600  Cincinnati, Ohio 45202


800.543.1831


About Us      Careers      Glossary





 




Ross, Sinclaire & Associates, LLC is a registered broker-dealer, an investment advisor registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), and a member of FINRA and SIPC. Registration with the SEC does not imply a certain level of skill or training. Investment Products are Not FDIC Insured, Offer No Bank Guarantee, May lose value.





















Glossary - Ross Sinclaire and Associates






























































Ross Sinclaire & Associates








RBC
TD Ameritrade

Ross Sinclaire & Associates






HomeProducts & Services

Asset ManagementStructured FinanceBrokerage ServicesPublic FinancePrivate Capital

OfficesProfessionalsContact Us


















Ross Sinclaire & Associates






Glossary  
A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z
 





A




Accreted Value
The face value to which a zero coupon bond has appreciated based upon
            its original issue price and indicated compounding rate of interest.


Accrued interest
Interest deemed to be earned on a security but not yet paid to the investor.


Ad Valorem
Tax		Latin for 'according to the value.' A tax levied on the value of real property.


Advance Refunding
The issuance of one bond issue to pay off another prior to its maturity
            date or call date. Proceeds of the new, advance refunding issue are
            placed in escrow to secure and retire the original issue according to
            the terms of the refinancing, usually the first call date.


After Tax Yield
The after tax yield is the true yield of a bond investment after taking
            into consideration the payment of capital gains taxes, if applicable,
            sometimes abbreviated ATY.


Alternative Minimum tax (AMT)
An alternative method of calculating federal income tax. The income
            from certain municipal bonds issued for "private activity" or non-public
            purposes may be subject to taxation.


Ask price
Price being sought for the security by the seller.


Asset Allocation
The process of spreading assets among three major asset classes (stocks, bonds, and money market funds).


 
Back to Top




B




Bank Qualified
The Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act (TEFRA) of 1986 changed
            the way banks handle certain deductions relating to the ownership of
            municipal bonds. A deduction of the cost of carrying municipals on the
            bank's books was disallowed unless the bond issue met several criteria.
            The bond issue must be issued for a public purpose, must not exceed $10
            million in size, the issuer must not issue more than $10 million in that
            calendar year and must declare the issue to be "bank eligible" in
            documents authorizing the bond issue. Bond issues meeting these criteria
            continue to provide the additional tax benefit to banks purchasing such
            bonds.


Basis point
One one-hundreth of 1 percent. Yield differences among fixed-income securities are stated in basis points.


Bearer security
A security that has no identification as to owner. It is presumed to be
            owned by the person who holds it. Bearer securities are freely
            negotiable, since ownership can be quickly transferred from seller to
            buyer by delivery of the instrument. However, note that in the United
            States it has not been legal to issue bearer bonds in the municipal or
            corporate markets since 1982. As a result, bearer bonds available in the
            secondary market are long-dated maturities issued before this date and
            are becoming increasingly scarce. Among the disadvantages of bearer
            securities are that you must clip the coupons and present them to the
            trustee in order to receive your interest; and if the bonds are called,
            you will not automatically be alerted by the issuer or trustee.


Bid
The price at which a buyer will purchase a security.


Bonds
Bonds are loans. When you buy a bond, you are lending money to a bond
            issuer in return for a set rate of interest. The issuer agrees to repay
            your principal on a specified future date. There are three main types of
            bonds: government, corporate, and municipal bonds.


Bond insurers and reinsurers
A partial list of bond insurers includes American Municipal Bond
            Assurance Corp. (AMBAC), ACA Financial Guaranty, Asset Guaranty
            Insurance Co., AXA Re Finance, Capital Guaranty Insurance Co., Capital
            Markets Assurance Corp. (CapMAC), Capital Reinsurance Co. (Capital Re),
            Enhance Reinsurance Co. (Enhance Re), Financial Guaranty Insurance Co.
            (FGIC), Financial Security Assurance (FSA), and Municipal Bond Insurance
            Association (MBIA).


Bond Mutual Funds
A fund that invests in bonds to seek high income as its primary
            objective. Bond mutual funds offer full-time money management, portfolio
            diversification, and automatic reinvestment of dividends, among their
            many benefits.


Book-entry
A method of recording and transferring ownership of securities electronically, eliminating the need for physical certificates.


Bridge Financing
Bridge financing is a term applied to a transaction that is short term
            in nature. Typically this transaction involves a company positioning
            itself for a larger, longer-term change in the capital structure of the
            firm. Bridge financing can apply to pre-IPO situations,
            pre-acquisition/merger situations, and any other situations where the
            firm is in the process of obtaining long-term, permanent financing.


 
Back to Top




C




Callable bonds
Bonds which are redeemable by the issuer prior to the maturity date at a specified price at or above par.


Call premium	
A dollar amount, usually stated as a percent of the principal amount
            called, paid by the issuer as a "penalty" for the exercise of a call
            provision.


Cap
The top interest rate that can be paid on a floating-rate security.


Closed-End Bond Funds
A mutual fund that trades on a stock exchange just like any other public
            corporation and has a fixed number of shares outstanding and do not
            continuously offer to buy back their shares. Assets in a closed-end fund
            are managed by an investment professional and diversified among many
            securities. In this way, they resemble a traditional mutual fund.


College Fund Planning Service
A service that will provide you with better insight into projected
            college costs and the many different investment methods available to
            help fund those costs.


CMO (Collateralized Mortgage Obligation)
A bond backed by a pool of mortgage pass-through securities or mortgage
            loans, which generally supports several classes of obligations.


Collar
Upper and lower limits (cap and floor, respectively) on the interest rate of a floating-rate security.


Commercial Paper
Unsecured short-term promissory notes used by companies to obtain cash.
            They are sold through dealers in the open market or directly to
            investors.


Competitive Bond Sale
Bonds that are sold in the new issue or primary market based upon the
            opening of sealed bid proposals on a specified date and time. The
            winning bidder is the one submitting the lowest net interest cost to the
            issuer.


Convertible Bond	
A corporate bond that investors may exchange for stock on some future date under certain conditions.


Convertible Municipal Bond
A bond, originally issued as a zero coupon bond, that "converts" to a
            current interest bond paying interest on a semi-annually basis on a
            specified date.


Corporate Bonds
(Also called corporates) are debt obligations, or IOUs, issued by
            private and public corporations. They are typically issued in multiples
            of $1,000 and/or $5,000. Companies use the funds they raise from selling
            bonds for a variety of purposes, from building facilities to purchasing
            equipment to expanding the business.


Coupon
This part of a bearer bond denotes the amount of interest due, and on
            what date and where payment will be made. Bearer coupons are presented
            to the issuer's designated paying agent for collection. With registered
            bonds, physical coupons don't exist. The payment is mailed directly to
            the registered holder. Note that while bearer bonds are no longer issued
            in the United States and, hence, physical coupons are increasingly
            scarce, dealers and investors often still refer to the stated interest
            rate on a registered or book-entry bond as the "coupon."


Current Refunding
The issuance of a new bond issue to pay off an outstanding issue after the first call date.


Current yield
The ratio of interest to the actual market price of the bond, stated as
            a percentage. For example, a bond with a current market price of $1,000
            that pays $80 per year in interest would have a current yield of 8%.


Cusip
The Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, established
            under the auspices of the American Bankers Association to develop a
            uniform method of identifying securities. CUSIP numbers are unique
            nine-digit numbers assigned to each series of securities.


 
Back to Top




D




Dated date (or issue date)
The date of a bond issue from which the first owner of a bond is entitled to receive interest.


Debenture
Unsecured debt obligation, issued against the general credit of a corporation, rather than against a specific asset.


Default		Defease
To render null and void an agreement, commitment or obligation specified
            in a written document. When a bond issue is refunded and an escrow is
            established for the benefit of its bondholders the terms of the original
            indenture and obligations of the Trustee are generally said to have
            been defeased. The Original trust indenture is supplanted by the newly
            formed escrow agreement.


Discount
The amount by which the purchase price of a security is less than the principal amount, or par value.


Discount note
Short-term obligations issued at discount from face value, with
            maturities ranging from overnight to 360 days. They have no periodic
            interest payments; the investor receives the note's face value at
            maturity.


Discount rate
The rate the Federal Reserve charges on loans to member banks.


Double Barreled Bond
A bond that is backed by both a specified source of revenue and the general obligation pledge of the issuer.


Double/Triple Tax Exempt
Municipal bonds or other securities whose interest is exempt from
            taxation by the federal government and state taxes (double) and, in some
            cases, from local taxation and personal property taxes (triple).


DTC
The Depository Trust Company. The world's largest securities
            depository, holding more than $20 trillion in assets for its
            participants. DTC is a national clearinghouse for the settlement of
            trades in corporate and municipal securities. DTC is owned members of
            the financial industry, is a limited purpose trust company under New
            York Banking Law, is a member of the Federal Reserve System and is a
            registered clearing agency with the Securities and Exchange Commission.


Duration
The weighted maturity of a fixed-income investment's cash flows, used in
            the estimation of the price sensitivity of fixed-income securities for a
            given change in interest rates.




Back to Top




E




Equity Offering or Equity Funding
Any company seeking to restructure the balance sheet or to expand the
            capital base for a variety of reasons can use equity funding in the form
            of an Equity Offering to fund those transactions. Equity funding adds
            owners to the company and should add not only financial resources, but
            also add new owners whose expertise will add to the value of the firm.
            Equity can take the form of common or preferred stock. In many instances
            equity is combined with debt instruments for risk reduction. 


Extension risk
The risk that rising interest rates will slow the anticipated rate at
            which mortgages or other loans in a pool will be repaid, causing
            investors to find their principal committed longer than expected. As a
            result, they may miss the opportunity to earn a higher rate of interest
            on their money. 


Extraordinary Call Feature
A call feature triggered by default, on a bond issue other than an
            optional call or sinking fund call designed to protect the bondholder
            from an adverse situation resulting from an unforeseen event such as a
            declaration of taxability, legislative change or act of God. Mortgage
            revenue bonds require extraordinary calls from prepayments of principal
            on the mortgages they hold or from unexpended bond proceeds following
            the initial lending period. 




Back to Top




F




Face amount
Par value (principal or maturity value) of a security appearing on the face of the instrument.


Federal funds rate
The interest rate charged by banks on loans of their excess reserve
            funds to other banks. The Federal Reserve's ability to add or withdraw
            reserves from the banking system gives it close control over this rate.
            Changes in the federal funds rate are sometimes studied by economists
            and investors for clues to Federal Reserve intentions.


First Coupon Date
The date of the first interest payment on a new bond issue following
            its issue date. Note: This may be a normal 6 months after issuance, less
            than 6 months or longer than 6 months, perhaps as long as 12 months
            after its dated date. Thereafter, however, most bonds pay interest every
            6 months until final maturity.


First Round Financing
Usually takes place during the first year of business. Revenues are
            minimal. Management may consist of only one or two individuals. The
            marketing and sales forces are normally lacking and capital is needed to
            boost these areas. Venture capitalists often refer to first round
            investing as the early expansion stage. Areas that receive attention
            from venture capitalists at the early expansion stage include financial
            structuring, sales and marketing, and rounding out the management team.
            At the early expansion stage, management teams are rarely complete.
            Other concerns at the early expansion stage include sales and marketing,
            financial structuring, and the first profits. The goal of investing at
            the early expansion stage is to increase the value of the company by
            concentrating on financial structure and guiding the management team
            around their strategy.


Floating-rate bond	
A bond for which the interest rate is adjusted periodically according to a predetermined formula, usually linked to an index.


Floor		
The lower limit for the interest rate on a floating-rate bond.


 
Back to Top




G




General Obligation
Commonly called a G.O. bonds of this type are payable from a pledge of
            the taxing authority of the issuer. There are two types of G.O.s,
            limited and unlimited tax, the difference being the level to which an
            issuer may raise taxes to meet its obligation.


Government Bonds
A security issued by the federal government of the United States. U.S.
            government bonds are among the safest investments available because they
            carry no credit risk. Your principal and interest are backed by the
            full faith and credit of the federal government.


 
Back to Top




H




Hedge
An investment made with the intention of minimizing the impact of adverse movements in interest rates or securities prices


High-yield bond
Bonds issued by lower-rated corporations, sovereign countries and other
            entities rated Ba or BB or below and offering a higher yield than more
            creditworthy securities; sometimes known as junk bonds.


 
Back to Top




I




IDR or IDB
An industrial revenue bond issued by a governmental unit on behalf of a
            corporation. The responsibility of repaying the principal and interest
            on the issue lies solely with the corporation guaranteeing the debt and
            not with the governmental body.


Indenture	
The legal document relating to and defining all of the legal aspects of
            a bond issue. The terms of the indenture are binding on the issuer for
            as long as the bond issue is outstanding and not refunded or defeased.
            The Bond Trustee monitors compliance with the terms of the indenture on
            behalf of the bondholders of the issue.


Individual Retirement Account (IRA)
Personal retirement account that an employed person in the U.S. cam set
            up with a deposit that is tax deductible up to $2,000 per year. Such
            deposits qualify as a deduction against income earned in that year, and
            interest accumulates tax-deferred until the funds are withdrawn at age
            59 and a half or later.


Inflation
The increase in the cost of living.


Interest Rate
Compensation paid or to be paid for the use of money. Interest is generally expressed as an annual percentage rate.


Interest Payable at Maturity
Instead of regular semi-annual payments of interest some fixed income
            securities pay all interest due at the time the principal is due and
            payable; the maturity date. Interest at maturity is most common in
            short-term issues such as notes and warrants.


Investment-grade
Bonds considered suitable for preservation of invested capital by the rating agencies and rated Baa or BBB or above.


Investment Objective
Your investment goal, such as a comfortable retirement or enough money to purchase a home.


IRA Rollover		
An IRA that receives a lump sum payout from a retirement plan, such as your employer's plan, or perhaps another IRA.


Issuer
An entity which issues and is obligated to pay principal and interest on securities.


 
Back to Top




J




Junk bond
A debt obligation with a rating of Ba or BB or lower, generally paying
            interest above the return on more highly rated bonds; sometimes known as
            high-yield bonds.


 
Back to Top




K




 
Back to Top




L




Leveraged Buy-Out		
When a buy-out is leveraged, debt financing is used to purchase a
            company and the firmâ€™s own assets are used to secure the loan and pay
            back the seller. Traditionally, when a company is leveraged neither the
            seller nor the investor predict that the business is subject to rapid or
            erratic growth. Today's leveraged buy-outs, or LBOs, often involve
            investors that are seeking the opportunity to use a company's growth as
            the asset. Some firms will still apply a significant amount of leverage
            to a buy-out and want the typical assets, such as receivables and
            equipment, etc., as collateral.


Laddering 
A strategy that involves buying bonds with various maturity dates. The
            purpose of laddering is to minimize the impact of interest rates on your
            portfolio.


Legal Opinion
A document written by bond counsel, a law firm specializing in
            municipal bond issuance, that states that the bonds were issued legally
            by the borrower and opining as to the taxability or exemption from tax,
            of the interest paid on the bonds.


Letter of Credit
A liquidity agreement issued by a third party guaranteeing to pay the
            principal and interest on a bond issue. LOCs may be written either as
            direct pay or stand by. A direct pay LOC will pay the interest directly
            to the bondholder and recover the monies from the issuer while a standby
            LOC will pay interest only if the issuer is able to meet its obligation
            in a timely manner. LOCs usually are written for a limited length of
            time, typically for less that 5 years, and must be renewed during the
            life of a bond issue.


Leverage
The use of borrowed money to increase investing power.


LIBOR (London Interbank Offered Rate)
The rate banks charge each other for short-term Eurodollar loans. LIBOR
            is frequently used as the base for resetting rates on floating-rate
            securities.


Limited Tax G.O.
A bond issue that is payable from the taxing authority of the issuer
            within the millage limits specified by local law. Usually limited tax
            G.O.s do not require a voter referendum to be issued.


Long-Term Care Insurance
Covers costs related to the daily medical or personal care you may need following a chronic illness or long-term disability.


Lump Sum Payout		
Money received from a retirement plan in one taxable year.


 
Back to Top




M




Management Buy-Out
A management buy-out, or MBO, is a transaction in which the management
            of a company purchases the company from the existing owners. Normally
            this occurs with a family business in which case the family owners are
            relegated to a minority position or sell the company outright, or in the
            case of a division of a large company that is purchased by the
            management of the division. In either case, the new firm finances this
            transaction by offering investment to a third party in exchange for
            partial ownership and a collateral position. In some cases these
            transactions are financed with strictly debt or strictly equity, but the
            majority of the transactions are a combination of debt and equity.


Marketability
A measure of the ease with which a security can be sold in the secondary market.


Market Discount
A discount to face value or issue price of a bond caused by a rise in
            the general level of interest rates and corresponding fall in the price
            level of the bond.


Maturity
The date when the principal amount of a security is payable.


Mergers & Acquisitions
Mergers and acquisitions are a common transaction in today's
            marketplace. A merger occurs when two firms agree to collaborate and
            neither firm takes a completely dominant position in the new entity. In
            order for both firms to be on equal terms one firm is often required to
            bring cash to the transaction. When this occurs the firm needing the
            cash will use new investors to finance this need. In an acquisition, one
            firm will buy a second firm and the second firm becomes a subsidiary or
            division of the acquiring firm. This transaction can require a large
            amount of cash for the purchase of the target firm's stock. If possible,
            the acquiring firm will finance this transaction with debt that is
            collateralized with the target firmâ€™s assets. In other cases a
            combination of debt and equity from a third party investor is utilized.


Mezzanine (Third Round) Financing
This stage of financing involves mature companies that are profitable
            and sometimes qualify for bank loans. Some companies, however, lack the
            collateral needed for senior debt, and mezzanine firms can fill this
            need. Other companies look to mezzanine groups because of the desire to
            leverage debt. Typically, a mezzanine round occurs when a
            well-established company's growth continues to fluctuate and the
            business requires additional capital to fund that growth. Although the
            company is no longer in need of equity financing, it is still unable to
            qualify for senior debt, due to a lack of collateral, which is mandatory
            to qualify for conventional bank loans. Mezzanine financing, which is
            often mistaken for an investment stage rather than a type of financing,
            can be applied to companies in growth mode, buy-out situations and
            acquisitions. A company's age does not determine eligibility for
            mezzanine financing. Mezzanine groups are more interested in a company's
            cash flow. Just as senior lenders consider collateral when evaluating a
            transaction, mezzanine lenders consider cash flow. Mezzanine groups
            will also want to study a company's position in the marketplace and its
            financials, both historical and projected.


MIG Rating
Moody's Investment Grade is a rating assigned by Moody's Investors
            Service to short term borrowings such as notes or commercial paper. The
            highest quality securities receive a MIG1 rating while lower grade
            ratings may be as low as MIG4.


Money Market Funds
A professionally managed, diversified portfolio of short-term
            securities that seeks to preserve capital while providing income and
            liquidity. There are two major types of money market funds, taxable and
            tax-free funds.


Moody's Investors Service
An independent company specializing in the evaluation and credit
            ratings of issuers. Moody's is a member of the Dun and Bradstreet family
            of companies.


Mortgage pass-through
A security representing a direct interest in a pool of mortgage loans.
            The pass-through issuer or servicer collects payments on the loans in
            the pool and "passes through" the principal and interest to the security
            holders on a pro rata basis.


Municipal Bond
A debt instrument issued by a city, county, state, school district or other non-federal governmental issuing authority. 



Mutual Funds
A mutual fund is a company that makes investments on behalf of
            investors with similar goals (e.g., growth, income, etc.). As a
            shareholder, you participate in the fund's gains, losses, income and
            expenses in an amount proportionate to your investment.


MSRB		
The Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board, a regulatory organization
            established to create rules governing the conduct and operation of the
            municipal bond industry. The Securities and Exchange Commission must
            approve all of the Board's rules and the examiners of the National
            Association of Securities Dealers (NASD) monitor compliance with the
            rules. www.msrb.org


 
Back to Top




N




Negotiated Bond Sale	 
Bonds that are sold in the new issue market through a process of
            negotiation with a set underwriter or underwriting syndicate as opposed
            to a competitive bond sale.


Net Asset Value	 
A mutual fund's value per share on any given day. To calculate a fund's
            NAV, add the value of cash and securities in the fund, subtract cost
            and divide the remainder by the number of shares outstanding.


Non Callable Bond	 
Referring to the ability of the issuer to call bonds prior to maturity.
            The term non-callable may not take into consideration extraordinary
            calls or sinking fund calls.


 
Back to Top




O





            Offer	 
The price at which a seller will sell a security.


Offering price	 
The price at which members of an underwriting syndicate for a new issue will offer securities to investors.


Official Statement
The only document held out as containing all pertinent facts and details
            of a new issue of bonds. A copy of the Official Statement must be sent
            to all purchasers of new municipal bond issues. Until all details of a
            new issue are set a Preliminary Official Statement, or Red Herring, is
            printed and distributed to potential investors.


Optional Call Feature	 
A redemption feature of a bond issue that may be exercised at the
            option of the issuer. Optional calls are generally exercised for the
            entire outstanding amount of the issue, but may be for only a part of an
            issue.


Original Issue Discount (OID)	 
The amount of discount amount below the par, or face value, at the
            initial issuance. OID is considered a give up of current interest and as
            such is considered as tax-free interest on municipal bonds and taxable
            interest on corporate debt, not capital gain.


Other Retirement Plans	 
A 401(k) plan is a retirement plan set up by employers for their
            employees. 401(k) participants contribute to their plan via salary
            reduction. Contributions are made with money that has not yet been taxed
            and earnings grow tax-deferred. 403(b) plans are the part of the
            federal tax code dedicated to government workers and those others who
            serve in nonprofit, tax-exempt organizations. This instrument permits
            non-profit employees to exclude from their taxable income contributions
            to mutual funds and/or a tax-deferred annuity. A Simplified Employee
            Pension Plan (SEP) is designed for the small business owner. This plan
            mandates fewer reporting and disclosure requirements. With a SEP,
            employers receive a tax deduction on contributions they make for each
            eligible employee. A SIMPLE (Savings Incentive Match Plan for Employees)
            is designed for employers with 100 or fewer employees. It allows
            employees and employers to make pretax contributions. Employers make
            contributions on behalf of their employees.


 
Back to Top




P




Par value
The principal amount of a bond or note due at maturity.


Portfolio Diversification
Spreading your assets across various securities limits risk because no
            one security can have a major effect on fund results. The over
            performance of one security helps to offset the underperformance of
            another.


Paying agent
Place where principal and interest are payable. Usually a designated bank or the office of the treasurer of the issuer.


Premium	
The amount by which the price of a security exceeds its principal amount.


Prepayment	
The unscheduled partial or complete payment of the principal amount outstanding on a mortgage or other debt before it is due.


Prepayment risk
The risk that falling interest rates will lead to heavy prepayments of
            mortgage or other loans-forcing the investor to reinvest at lower
            prevailing rates.


Primary Market
The market for new issues.


Principal		
The face amount of a bond, payable at maturity.


Purchasing Power
The value of your money as it relates to inflation.


 
Back to Top




Q




 
Back to Top




R




Rebalancing	 
Shifting assets among various asset classes after establishing your
            asset allocation. You should consider rebalancing periodically. That's
            because allocation that may be right for you today, may be inappropriate
            for you a year or two from now.


Recapitalization	 
A recapitalization, or "recap," often occurs when a company wishes to
            remove a current or original investor. A recap changes a company's
            capital structure, retiring a previous debt or equity instrument and
            replacing it with a new instrument. A recapitalization normally places a
            business in a more favorable financial position that is attractive to
            both buyers and sellers.


Registered bond	 
A bond whose owner is registered with the issuer or its agent. Transfer
            of ownership can only be accomplished when the securities are properly
            endorsed by the registered owner.


Reinvestment risk	 
The risk that interest income or principal repayments will have to be reinvested at lower rates in a declining rate environment.


REMIC (Real Estate Mortgage Investment Conduit)	 
Because of changes in the 1986 Tax Reform Act, most CMOs are now issued
            in REMIC form to create certain tax advantages for the issuer. The terms
            REMIC and CMO are now used interchangeably.


Repurchase Agreements	 
A short-term security used to finance trading. A dealer who offers a
            repurchase agreement sells government securities to a bank or
            non-financial corporation and simultaneously agrees to repurchase a
            similar amount of these securities in the future.


Revenue Bond	 
A bond that is secured by a specific source of revenue rather than by
            tax receipts. No pledge to levy taxes to pay for the bonds is made or
            implied.


Risk Tolerance	 
The amount of risk you are willing to assume to achieve your investment goals.


Roth IRAs	 
Legislation that allows users to accumulate and withdraw earnings
            tax-free. The one stipulation is that all earnings remain in the account
            for at least five years and are distributed after age 59 and a half.


 
Back to Top




S




Second Round Financing	 
At this stage in a company's development, a service or product has been
            on the market for a period of time, revenue is climbing, and balance
            sheet items such as expenses are more predictable. The company has
            usually turned a profit and the management team is complete.


Secondary market	 
Market for issues previously offered or sold.


Securities	 
The common name for stocks, bonds, and other investment vehicles.


Serial Bond 
A bond that matures as part of a series of consecutive maturities in regular intervals over the life of the issue.


Settlement date	 
The date for the delivery of securities and payment of funds.


Sinking fund	 
Money set aside by an issuer of bonds on a regular basis, for the specific purpose of redeeming debt.


Sinker	 
A bond with a sinking fund.


Standard & Poor's	 
An independent company specializing in the evaluation and credit
            ratings of issuers. S&P is a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies.


Start-Up Financing	 
The start-up company involves a business model or concept that is
            unproven. Usually, a prototype is finished and ready to be tested in
            beta sites. Management is normally incomplete, and only a technical or R
            & D group may be present. A start-up company is not generating
            revenue, having recently completed raising seed capital supplied by both
            friends and family or a seed investment group. Venture capital activity
            increases at the start-up level. The fact that the company has survived
            thus far dispels a small portion of risk and the company requires more
            sizable investments


Stocks	 
A stock is a security that represents ownership in a corporation.


Super Sinker Bond	 
A bond that, upon issuance, has assigned to it an accelerated sinking
            fund, such that the bond will be paid off at a much earlier time than a
            bond with a more traditionally structured sinking fund. This type of
            bond is widely used in mortgage bond issues where prepayments of
            principal are assigned to this single maturity rather than spread over
            the entire issue.


Swap	 
The sale of a block of bonds and the purchase of another block of
            similar market value. Swaps may be made to establish a tax loss, upgrade
            credit quality, extend or shorten maturity, etc.


 
Back to Top




T




Tax-exempt Bond	 
A bond whose interest is exempt from taxation by the Federal
            government. Most commonly called Municipal Bonds this type of fixed
            income investment owes its exemption from taxes to the Internal Revenue
            Code.


Taxable money market funds	 
Some taxable money market funds invest only in short-term U.S. Treasury
            securities; others invest mainly in high-quality, short-term paper,
            such as bankers' acceptances, repurchase agreements and commercial
            paper. These instruments are issued by U.S. corporations.


Taxable Equivalent Yield	 
The yield an investor must receive on a taxable bond to equal, after
            payment of taxes, the yield on a tax free bond. The taxable equivalent
            yield can be derived by dividing the available tax-free rate by the
            quantity (1 minus the investors tax bracket). I.e. 5% divided by (1-.28)
            or 5%/.72 or 6.94%


Tax-exempt money market funds	 
Invest in high-grade, short-term securities of municipalities and
            generate income free from federal income taxes. Funds that concentrate
            exclusively on securities from municipalities within one state generate
            income that is free from federal, state and local income tax to
            investors who are state residents.


Tax-Free Growth	 
When taxation is deferred, assets accumulate much faster than if
            subjected to taxation every year. The more you contribute to your plan,
            and the longer you invest, the more you will accumulate.


Term Bond	 
A bond with a fixed maturity that is retired from a series of sinking
            fund payments that take the place of existing serial maturities. A term
            bond not subject to sinking fund calls is referred to as a "bullet"
            maturity.


Time Horizon	 
The number of years between now and the time you intend to reach your investment goals.


Trade date	 
The date when the purchase or sale of a bond is executed.


Transfer agent	 
A party appointed by an issuer to maintain records of securities
            owners, to cancel and issue certificates and to address issues arising
            from lost, destroyed or stolen certificates.


Treasury Bill	 
A government issued security with a maturity of one year or less.
            T-bills are sold at a discount to their maturity value. Interest on a
            T-bill is the difference between the discount price and the amount paid
            on the security when it matures.


Trustee	 
A bank designated by the issuer as the custodian of funds and official representative of bondholders.


Turnaround	 
Turnaround situations normally involve middle to late stage companies
            that are under performing or suffering bankruptcy. Sometimes a
            turnaround can involve a young company having problems getting launched.
            A troubled business may require financial restructuring and replacement
            of management. Because marketing is almost always an area of weakness
            in troubled businesses, investors will often replace managers with
            individuals demonstrating specific marketing talent. If management is
            opposed to replacing the entire team, be open to adjusting or completely
            altering the marketing strategy. With intervention, a troubled business
            can be turned around, but the firm must be prepared for change.


 
Back to Top




U




Unlimited Tax G.O.	 
Commonly called a U.T.G.O. bonds of this type are payable from a pledge, without limit, of the taxing authority of the issuer.


 
Back to Top




V




Variable Rate Bond	 
A bond that pays an interest rate that may be adjusted for a specific
            period of time; usually daily, weekly or monthly. The rate is "reset" by
            a remarketing agent to reflect current market rates. When Issued
            Sometimes referred to as "When As and If Issued" or WI, new issue bonds
            are considered to be "subject" until payment is made by the
            underwriting(s) to the issuer, thereby closing the bond issue.


 
Back to Top




W




 
Back to Top




X




 
Back to Top




Y




Yield 
The annual percentage rate of return earned on a security. Yield is a
            function of a security's purchase price and coupon interest rate.


Yield curve	 
A line tracing relative yields on a type of security over a spectrum of maturities ranging from three months to 30 years.


Yield to call	 
	A yield on a security calculated by assuming that interest payments
            will be paid until the call date, when the security will be redeemed at
            the call price.


Yield to maturity 
A yield based on the assumption that the security remains outstanding
            to maturity. It represents the total of coupon payments until maturity,
            plus interest on interest, and whatever gain or loss is realized from
            the security at maturity.


 
Back to Top




Z




Zero-coupon bond	 
A bond on which no periodic interest payments are made. The investor
            receives one payment which includes principal and interest-at
            redemption.


 
Back to Top

















Asset Management

RSAM Solutions & InsightsInstitutions & Private ClientsInterested in Joining RSAMProfessionals

Structured Finance

State and Local Economic Development FinanceTax Credit Advisory

New Markets Tax CreditInvestment Tax CreditsHistoric Rehabilitation Tax Credits

Private Debt and EquityProfessionals

Brokerage Services

Equity Investing

OverviewMutual FundsExchange Traded Funds (ETF's)Common StockEquity Options

Fixed Income

OverviewMunicipal BondsUS Treasury and Agency ObligationsMortgage Backed SecuritiesCorporate BondsMoney Market InstrumentsPreferred StocksCertificates of Deposit

Alternative Investments

OverviewReal Estate TransactionsPrivate Equity (Venture Capital)

High Yield Securities

Overview

Financial Calculators

OverviewSavings CalculatorSavings Goals401(k) Savings CalculatorCollege SavingsRetirement Contribution Effects on Your Paycheck

ProfessionalsOffices

BostonCharlestonCincinnatiColumbusIndianapolisLexingtonLouisvillePittsburgh



Public Finance

Indiana

Scope of ServicesProfessionals

Kentucky

SchoolLocal GovernmentRankings

Ohio

Scope of ServicesAsset ManagementFinancial Advisory ServicesProject FinancingOhio Township AssociationRankingsProfessionals

West Virginia

Scope of ServicesNational Rankings



Private Capital


























Ross, Sinclaire & Associates, LLC - Headquarters


700 Walnut Street Suite 600  Cincinnati, Ohio 45202


800.543.1831


About Us      Careers      Glossary





 




Ross, Sinclaire & Associates, LLC is a registered broker-dealer, an investment advisor registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), and a member of FINRA and SIPC. Registration with the SEC does not imply a certain level of skill or training. Investment Products are Not FDIC Insured, Offer No Bank Guarantee, May lose value.




























BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.


























































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.




Brokerage Services - Ross Sinclaire and Associates






























































Ross Sinclaire & Associates








RBC
TD Ameritrade

Ross Sinclaire & Associates






HomeProducts & Services

Asset ManagementStructured FinanceBrokerage ServicesPublic FinancePrivate Capital

OfficesProfessionalsContact Us

















Home Products & Services Brokerage Services





Ross Sinclaire & Associates 





Brokerage Services

Whatever your level of investment experience or goals may be - planning for retirement, providing for a child's college education, executing equity trades for your account, discussing the best mutual fund for your account, looking for fixed income investments or alternative investing - RSA is a full-service firm that can assist you with your needs. Our staff has experience with a wide range of investors. Please contact a RSA professional today to assist you with your Brokerage Service needs.







Equity Investing

OverviewMutual FundsExchange Traded Funds (ETF's)Common StockEquity Options

Fixed Income

OverviewMunicipal BondsUS Treasury and Agency ObligationsMortgage Backed SecuritiesCorporate BondsMoney Market InstrumentsPreferred StocksCertificates of Deposit

Alternative Investments

OverviewReal Estate TransactionsPrivate Equity (Venture Capital)

High Yield Securities

Overview

Financial Calculators

OverviewSavings CalculatorSavings Goals401(k) Savings CalculatorCollege SavingsRetirement Contribution Effects on Your Paycheck

ProfessionalsOffices

BostonCharlestonCincinnatiColumbusIndianapolisLexingtonLouisvillePittsburgh


































Ross, Sinclaire & Associates, LLC - Headquarters


700 Walnut Street Suite 600  Cincinnati, Ohio 45202


800.543.1831


About Us      Careers      Glossary





 




Ross, Sinclaire & Associates, LLC is a registered broker-dealer, an investment advisor registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), and a member of FINRA and SIPC. Registration with the SEC does not imply a certain level of skill or training. Investment Products are Not FDIC Insured, Offer No Bank Guarantee, May lose value.





















News & Events - Ross Sinclaire and Associates



























































Ross Sinclaire & Associates








RBC
TD Ameritrade

Ross Sinclaire & Associates






HomeProducts & Services

Asset ManagementStructured FinanceBrokerage ServicesPublic FinancePrivate Capital

OfficesProfessionalsContact Us

















Home Products & Services News & Events






Ross Sinclaire & Associates





News & Events







News

Lead Magazine - Connecting the Dots

Lead Magazine - The Art of Finance

Events


MAY 13, 2015 – MAY 15, 2015
KASBO SPRING CONFERENCE 2015
RSA is proud to participate in the Association of School Business Officials 2015 Spring Conference to be held at the Galt House Hotel & Suites in Louisville, Kentucky. Please stop by our exhibit booth at the conference. For more information, visit KASBO’s website at   www.kasbo.org .
MAY 21, 2015 
3RD ANNUAL RSA GOLF & LEARN
RSA is pleased to announce we will be hosting the 3rd  Annual RSA Golf & Learn Capital Cup Invitational to be held at Houston Oaks Golf Course in Paris, Kentucky. You are invited to join us for a unique opportunity to earn 2 credit hours of DLG Elected Official and KLC City Official Training Center approved training as well as a chance to earn your municipality the Capital Cup! For more information or to register please contact Aubry McDonald at 800.255.0795.
JUNE 17, 2015 – JUNE 19, 2015
KCJEA/KMCA 2015 JOINT SUMMER CONFERENCE
RSA is proud to participate in the KCJEA/KMCA 2015 Joint Summer Conference to be held at the Galt House Hotel & Suites in Louisville, Kentucky. Please stop by our exhibit booth at the conference. We will also be hosting an Hospitality Suite, stop by and join the fun.
AUGUST 26, 2015 – AUGUST 28, 2015
GOVERNOR’S LOCAL ISSUES CONFERENCE & EXPOSITION
RSA is proud to participate in the 40TH Governor’s Local Issues Conference to be held at the Galt House Hotel & Suites in Louisville, Kentucky. For more information, visit DLG’s website at   www.kydlgweb.ky.gov .
SEPTEMBER 29, 2015 – OCTOBER 2, 2015
2015 KLC CONFERENCE & EXPO
RSA is pleased to be named as a Marble Partner for the 2015 Kentucky League of Cities Conference & Expo to be held at the Owensboro Convention Center in Owensboro, Kentucky. Please stop by our exhibit booth at the conference. We will also be hosting an Hospitality Suite on Wednesday (September 30th). Stop by and join the fun.
NOVEMBER 18, 2015 – NOVEMBER 20, 2015
KACO 2015 CONFERENCE & EXPO
RSA is proud to participate in the 41st  Annual Kentucky Association of Counties Conference & Exposition to be held at the Lexington Convention Center in Lexington, Kentucky. Please stop by our exhibit booth at the conference. For more information, visit KACo’s website at  www.kaco.org.







                               




















Ross, Sinclaire & Associates, LLC - Headquarters


700 Walnut Street Suite 600  Cincinnati, Ohio 45202


800.543.1831


About Us      Careers      Glossary





 




Ross, Sinclaire & Associates, LLC is a registered broker-dealer, an investment advisor registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), and a member of FINRA and SIPC. Registration with the SEC does not imply a certain level of skill or training. Investment Products are Not FDIC Insured, Offer No Bank Guarantee, May lose value.




























BBB Central & Eastern Kentucky





























 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











News




07/18/17


BBB WARNS OF “FREE MONEY” SCAM VIA FACEBOOK Lexington Senior Citizen Loses $500



07/07/17


Scam Alert:Watch Out for "Free Wi-Fi" Scams



06/29/17


BBB Warning: Update Your Software to Help Prevent Ransomware



06/07/17


New Twist on Phone Scam Using “Microsoft Windows” Name Hits Bluegrass



 More Local News »





                        BBB Accredited Business Directory
                    












File a Complaint
GO NOW »







Auto Warranty Concerns?
FILE A CLAIM »







 Local Sponsors








La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries







Abracadabra Graphics







The Lexus Store of Lexington







Lamar Advertising







Valley View Roofing







Central Bank







Law Offices of Walter Cox Jr. & Associates







Parrott's Trophies & Engraving







Home Concepts Roofing







Red State BBQ







Lexington Blue





















 

  











 













 
 

 
























Ross, Sinclaire & Associates, LLC                                                                                        - Pittsburgh                                        , PA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



PA



Pittsburgh



Security Brokers and Dealers



Investment Bankers



                            Ross, Sinclaire & Associates, LLC
                                    



 





















R 


Ross, Sinclaire & Associates, LLC                                                                                       
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



310 GRANT ST PITTSBURGH, PA 15219
Get Directions



(412) 355-0600
www.rsanet.com                                                                                          





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Investment Bankers
 Contacts  







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







R

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Ross, Sinclaire & Associates, LLC                                                                                        - Cincinnati                                        , OH         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



OH



Cincinnati



Security Brokers and Dealers



Stock Brokers And Dealers



                            Ross, Sinclaire & Associates, LLC
                                    



 





















R 


Ross, Sinclaire & Associates, LLC                                                                                       
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



700 WALNUT ST STE 600 CINCINNATI, OH 45202
Get Directions



(513) 381-3939
www.rsanet.com                                                                                          





Business Info



 Founded 2004
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $17,183,750.00
 Employee Count 40
 Industries Stock Brokers And Dealers
 Contacts Murray Sinclaire                                                                                                        







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Ross, Sinclaire & Associates, Llc                                                                                        is located at 700 Walnut St Ste 600 in Cincinnati and has been in the business of Stock Brokers And Dealers since 2004. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







R

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Professionals - Ross Sinclaire and Associates



























































Ross Sinclaire & Associates








RBC
TD Ameritrade

Ross Sinclaire & Associates






HomeProducts & Services

Asset ManagementStructured FinanceBrokerage ServicesPublic FinancePrivate Capital

OfficesProfessionalsContact Us





















Directory





 




 
        Print 






Contact UsSearch























                                            Last Name



                                            First Name


















                                            Enter full or partial names and click search.








Show All Members











ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ










NameDivision

Baden, Peter Asset Management

Barker, Bill Brokerage Services

Bell, Rick Asset Management

Blank, Dan Structured Finance

Brashear, Glenn Kentucky Public School Finance

Clarke, Rob Brokerage Services

Corea, Frederick Brokerage Services

Dipucci, John Brokerage Services

Durket, Mark Brokerage Services

Emerson, Wendell Kentucky Public School FinanceKentucky Local Government Finance

Haidet, Gregory Structured Finance

Hart, David Brokerage Services

Hartke, Richard Brokerage Services

Hastings, Pat Brokerage Services

Hayes, Chris Brokerage Services

Hennessy, Justin Asset Management

Hervoyavich, Peter Brokerage Services

Kalnow, Carl Brokerage Services

Kapnick, Mitch Brokerage Services

Katz, Stanley Asset Management

Lakofka, Joe Kentucky Local Government Finance

Lemon, Steve Brokerage Services

Levendoski, Geoff Brokerage Services

Logan, Zach Structured Finance

Lucas, Phil Brokerage Services

Mack, Steve Brokerage Services

Mason, Jeff Brokerage Services

McDonald, Aubry Kentucky Local Government Finance

Mcginty, Trey  Brokerage Services

Nance, Joseph Kentucky Public School Finance

Overbeck, Fred T.Management

Paolillo, Andrew Asset Management

Pickrell, Brad Asset ManagementBrokerage Services

Prall, Eric Ohio Public Finance

Querques, Jeffrey Brokerage Services

Reis, Richard "Dick" Brokerage Services

Robertson IV, Joseph Ohio Public Finance

Ryan, Patrick L.Asset Management

Salsbury, Dwight Kentucky Local Government

Sena, Dick Brokerage Services

Sena, Marty Brokerage Services

Silver, Jim Brokerage Services

Sinclaire, Murray 

Skinner, Bryan Kentucky Local GovernmentIndiana Public Finance

Smith, Melanie Kentucky Public School Finance

Staarmann, Matt Structured FinancePrivate Capital

Stefanou, Steve Structured FinancePrivate Capital

Stillpass, Alex Structured Finance

Taul, Nelson ManagementInstitutional Sales & TradingBrokerage Services

Theinert, Lincoln Kentucky Public School Finance

Warning, Andy  Management

Weese, Kip Asset Management

Williams, Tom Asset ManagementPrivate Capital











ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ






























Ross, Sinclaire & Associates, LLC - Headquarters


700 Walnut Street Suite 600  Cincinnati, Ohio 45202


800.543.1831


About Us      Careers      Glossary





 




Ross, Sinclaire & Associates, LLC is a registered broker-dealer, an investment advisor registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), and a member of FINRA and SIPC. Registration with the SEC does not imply a certain level of skill or training. Investment Products are Not FDIC Insured, Offer No Bank Guarantee, May lose value.





















Products & Services - Ross Sinclaire and Associates






























































Ross Sinclaire & Associates








RBC
TD Ameritrade

Ross Sinclaire & Associates






HomeProducts & Services

Asset ManagementStructured FinanceBrokerage ServicesPublic FinancePrivate Capital

OfficesProfessionalsContact Us

















Home Products & Services






Ross Sinclaire & Associates






Products & Services
As a full-service securities brokerage and investment banking firm, our clients seek an experienced partner who will work to understand their unique financial position rather than pulling something off the rack.  RSA is dedicated to innovative strategies and superior client service and offers a wide array of products and services. 







Asset Management

RSAM Solutions & InsightsInstitutions & Private ClientsInterested in Joining RSAMProfessionals

Structured Finance

State and Local Economic Development FinanceTax Credit Advisory

New Markets Tax CreditInvestment Tax CreditsHistoric Rehabilitation Tax Credits

Private Debt and EquityProfessionals

Brokerage Services

Equity Investing

OverviewMutual FundsExchange Traded Funds (ETF's)Common StockEquity Options

Fixed Income

OverviewMunicipal BondsUS Treasury and Agency ObligationsMortgage Backed SecuritiesCorporate BondsMoney Market InstrumentsPreferred StocksCertificates of Deposit

Alternative Investments

OverviewReal Estate TransactionsPrivate Equity (Venture Capital)

High Yield Securities

Overview

Financial Calculators

OverviewSavings CalculatorSavings Goals401(k) Savings CalculatorCollege SavingsRetirement Contribution Effects on Your Paycheck

ProfessionalsOffices

BostonCharlestonCincinnatiColumbusIndianapolisLexingtonLouisvillePittsburgh



Public Finance

Indiana

Scope of ServicesProfessionals

Kentucky

SchoolLocal GovernmentRankings

Ohio

Scope of ServicesAsset ManagementFinancial Advisory ServicesProject FinancingOhio Township AssociationRankingsProfessionals

West Virginia

Scope of ServicesNational Rankings



Private Capital



































Ross, Sinclaire & Associates, LLC - Headquarters


700 Walnut Street Suite 600  Cincinnati, Ohio 45202


800.543.1831


About Us      Careers      Glossary





 




Ross, Sinclaire & Associates, LLC is a registered broker-dealer, an investment advisor registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), and a member of FINRA and SIPC. Registration with the SEC does not imply a certain level of skill or training. Investment Products are Not FDIC Insured, Offer No Bank Guarantee, May lose value.



















