










 









        Home - Rotation Capital        











 




































































 


​​An SEC-registered alternative asset management firm that invests across the capital structure with a focus on credit opportunities and special situations.








 

​​An SEC-registered alternative asset management firm that invests across the capital structure with a focus on credit opportunities and special situations.










































        News - Rotation Capital        











 


































































News
Why Hedge Funds Love SPACs
June 20, 2017
New Hedge Fund Industry Working Group Formed to Focus on Data Management
Mar 9, 2017
Co-sourcing vs Outsourcing: A look at Rotation Capital’s ‘DataHub’ with Financial Fabric.
Jan 27, 2017
Rotation Capital receives award for “Best Data Management Initiative: Buy Side
Dec 7, 2016
Rotation Capital cited by Microsoft: “Transforming hedge fund management with new business models and data platforms on Azure
Nov 19, 2016
Issuses Facing HFMS Today – Role of the COO and Co-Sourcing
Oct 6, 2015
Rotation Capital & ACA Aponix – Co-sourcing and ​C​ybersecurity
Oct 6, 2015
Marshall Terry joins Rotation Capital as Managing Director
Aug 11, 2015
Callable bonds: safe haven or pending disaster?
Aug 10, 2015
Using Capital Structure Arbitrage to Profit from the Coming Credit Rotation
Apr 22, 2015
Chapter 11 Reorganization of Ahern Rentals was named a winner for the Restructuring Deal of the Year
Jan 24, 2014













































        Marshall Terry COO & CCO - Rotation Capital        











 































































Marshall Terry, Esq.

COO & CCO










Mr. Terry is a Managing Director, the Chief Operating Officer and the Chief Compliance Officer of Rotation Capital Management, LP.  From November 2010 to July 2015, Mr. Terry was a Managing Principal, the Chief Operating Officer and the Chief Compliance Officer of South Ferry Capital Management, LP. From April 2010 to October 2010, Mr. Terry was an Associate Principal at eClerx LLC providing operational and legal risk management consulting services to the firm’s buy side clients.   From June 2009 to February 2010, Mr. Terry was the Chief Operating Officer and Chief Compliance Officer at DW Investment Management, LP., a spin-out of Brevan Howard US Asset Management LP.  From October 2008 to June 2009, Mr. Terry was the Chief Operating Officer for Credit Products at Brevan Howard US Asset Management LP.  From May 2007 to October 2008, Mr. Terry was Head of Derivative and Loan Operations and Derivatives Counsel at Sandelman Partners, LP.  From 2001 to 2007, Mr. Terry served as the Director of Derivative Operations and Derivatives Counsel at Moore Capital Management.  Prior to this, Mr. Terry worked in the legal and operations departments of HypoVereinsbank, Citibank, N.A., and Bankers Trust.
 
Mr. Terry graduated from the University of Vermont in 1991 with a Bachelor of Arts in Economics and earned his J.D. from the Boston University School of Law in 1995.  Mr. Terry is a member of the New York State Bar Association.















Scott O’Callaghan Partner & Head of Business DevelopmentBret RapportSenior Research Analyst




























        Careers - Rotation Capital        











 



































































CareersRotation Capital offers opportunities for individuals of all backgrounds who display evidence of outstanding ability and have a track record of exceptional accomplishment. We want to hire entrepreneurial and energetic people that share our drive to win. As in sports, hard work, dedication and team play lead to long-term success. If this sounds interesting to you, please email us at recruiting@rotationcapital.com.













































        Team - Rotation Capital        











 


































































Team



“Enjoying success requires the ability to adapt. Only by being open to change will you have a true opportunity to get the most from your talent.”
– Nolan Ryan




Matthew Rothfleisch  CEO & CIOScott O’Callaghan Partner & Head of Business DevelopmentMarshall Terry COO & CCOBret RapportSenior Research AnalystMarc Gold Trader & Desk AnalystBiagio Iellimo ControllerRobert Baggio Research AnalystJacob Kotzubei  Board Member / Platinum Equity










































        What we do - Rotation Capital        











 



































































What we doRotation Capital adapts to changing market conditions by rotating our portfolio at different points in the credit cycle. We are fundamental investors who scour the investment universe for out of favor securities that exhibit deep value, inherent optionality or have an identifiable catalyst.
The firm combines an investment banking skillset, restructuring experience, trading expertise and risk management to identify opportunities commonly overlooked by others and seeks to structure asymmetric return profiles.
We take a proactive, leadership role in our investments and partner with management to facilitate a positive outcome. Rotation invests across the entire capital structure and strives to generate equity-like returns with credit-like volatility.
 Team



























































 



 Marshall Terry Joins Rotation Capital as Managing Director 
         










    










 






 











 









Marshall Terry Joins Rotation Capital as Managing Director

Aug 11, 2015, 09:30 ET
		  		  			
									 from   Rotation Capital 











 
















































 

 




















 


NEW YORK, Aug. 11, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Rotation Capital, an SEC-registered alternative asset management firm that invests across the capital structure with a focus on credit opportunities and special situations, today announced that it has appointed Marshall Terry as a Managing Director, Chief Operating Officer (COO) and Chief Compliance Officer (CCO). Terry reports to Rotation Founder, CEO and Chief Investment Officer Matthew Rothfleisch.
"We are pleased to have Marshall aboard," said Rothfleisch. "Institutional investors today demand exceptional compliance and operational capabilities in addition to strong performance. Marshall's presence provides us with the pedigree and infrastructure that we need to grow."
Terry brings two decades of financial, legal and operations experience to Rotation. He joins the firm from South Ferry Capital Management, where he also served as COO and CCO. Prior to South Ferry, he was an Associate Principal at eClerx, providing operational and legal risk management consulting services to the firm's buy side clients.  Prior to eClerx, Terry was the COO and COO at DW Investment Management, a spin-out of Brevan Howard US Asset Management.  Prior to his role at DW, Terry was the COO for Credit Products at Brevan Howard US Asset Management.  Prior to Brevan Howard, Terry was Head of Derivative and Loan Operations and Derivatives Counsel at Sandelman Partners.  Prior to Sandelman, Terry served as the Director of Derivative Operations and Derivatives Counsel at Moore Capital Management.  Prior to this, Mr. Terry worked in the legal and operations departments of HypoVereinsbank, Citibank, and Bankers Trust.
"Matthew and his team have built a great foundation so far at Rotation," said Terry. "I'm excited to join such a talented group of professionals."
Terry holds a JD from the Boston University School of Law, and received a BA in Economics from the University of Vermont. He is a member of the New York State Bar Association.
About Rotation Capital 
Rotation Capital is an SEC-registered alternative asset management firm founded in 2014.  Backed by Platinum Equity and other anchor investors, Rotation advises private investment funds catering to sophisticated institutional investors such as corporate and public pension plans, foundations, endowments, banks, insurance companies, fund-of-funds, family offices and high net worth individuals.  Our team is led by Matthew Rothfleisch, CEO and Chief Investment Officer.   Based in New York, Rotation invests in middle-market distressed, catalyst-driven credit and capital structure arbitrage strategies. www.rotationcapital.com 
 SOURCE  Rotation Capital  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.rotationcapital.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  





My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 

Rotation Capital Management, LP: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:42 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Rotation Capital Management, LP



Snapshot People




Company Overview



60 East 42nd StreetSuite 5230New York, NY 10165United States



Phone: 212-202-3155








Key Executives for Rotation Capital Management, LP




Mr. Matthew Noah Rothfleisch


      	Founder, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Investment Officer 
      








Mr. Marshall Terry J.D.


      	Managing Director, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Compliance Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Rotation Capital Management, LP Key Developments

Rotation Capital Appoints Marshall Terry as Managing Director, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Compliance Officer
Aug 11 15
Rotation Capital announced that it has appointed Marshall Terry as a Managing Director, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Compliance Officer. Terry reports to Rotation Founder, CEO and Chief Investment Officer Matthew Rothfleisch. He joins the firm from South Ferry Capital Management, where he also served as COO and CCO.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      July 27, 2017
			    
Global Partner Acquisition Corp.



Merger/Acquisition

			      April 13, 2017
			    
Broadview Networks Holdings, Inc.



Merger/Acquisition

			      March 20, 2017
			    
Capitol Acquisition Corp. III





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Rotation Capital Management, LP, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Rotation Capital Management LP: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback






























rotation capital management lp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Rotation Capital Management, LP provides investment advisory services. The Company offers portfolio management, financial planning, and consulting services. Rotation Capital Management serves its clients in the State of New York.




Corporate Information
Address:

489 5th Avenue
11th Floor
New York, NY 10017
United States


Phone:
1-212-202-3150


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.rotationcapital.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Matthew Rothfleisch


CEO/Chief Invsmt Ofcr/Founder




Marshall Macleod Terry


COO/CCO/Managing Director




Marc Gold


VP/Trader & Desk Analyst




Robert Baggio


VP/Research Analyst




Bret Rapport


Mng Dir/Senior Research Analyst




Scott O'Callaghan


Partner/Head:Business Dev




Biagio Iellimo


Controller







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data









































        Contact - Rotation Capital        











 




































































Contact
489 Fifth Avenue, 11th Floor
New York, NY 10017
T: (212) 202 – 3150
 


 
 Media Contact:
Thomas Walek
twalek@PeaksStrategies.com
Investor Relations:
Scott O’Callaghan
soc@rotationcapital.com




Investors:

Login  Register
  


 


 

  

SUBMIT






     




This website does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation to buy any securities, including interests in any fund, and may not be relied upon in connection with any offer or sale of securities.  Any such offer or solicitation may only be made pursuant to current offering documents for the applicable issuer of securities (including a fund), which will be provided only to qualified offerees and which should be carefully reviewed prior to investing.
This communication is provided for information purposes only and no information on this website is intended to be, and should not be construed to be, investment advice. In addition, because this communication is only a high-level summary; it does not contain all material terms pertinent to an investment decision, including important disclosures of conflicts and risk factors associated with an investment.  The information presented on this website in and of itself should not form the basis for any investment decision.  Potential investors must make an independent assessment of the appropriateness of any transaction in light of their own objectives and circumstances, including the possible risk and benefits of entering into such a transaction.











































        Who we are - Rotation Capital        











 



































































WHO WE ARERotation Capital is an SEC-registered alternative asset management firm founded in 2014. Backed by Platinum Equity and other anchor investors, Rotation advises private investment funds catering to sophisticated institutional investors such as corporate and public pension plans, foundations, endowments, banks, insurance companies, fund-of-funds, family offices and high net worth individuals.
Our team is led by Matthew Rothfleisch, CEO and Chief Investment Officer, who has been investing capital within this strategy as a Portfolio Manager for over a decade.
 What we do











































Rotation Capital Management LP - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Rotation Capital Management LP



Overview
In The News Executives & Employees Paths
Holdings & Top Positions



Rotation Capital Management LP



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


2013




Headquarters


489 Fifth Avenue, 11th Floor, New York, NY 10017-6138




Industries


Hedge Funds

Investment Services & Portfolio Management




Company Description


Rotation Capital Management LP is an American private company located in New York, NY, that provides investment advice. It was founded in 2013 by Matthew Noah Rothfleisch, he has been the CEO since that date.




Website


http://www.rotationcapital.com






 In The News
          See more




Hedgeweek
March 10, 2017





                        Hedge fund industry working group to focus on data management quality                    





PRWeb
March 9, 2017





                        New Hedge Fund Industry Working Group Formed To Focus on Data...                    





Hedgeweek
April 5, 2016





                        Cyber-Security €“ what fund managers need to know                    





PR Newswire
August 11, 2015





                        Marshall Terry Joins Rotation Capital as Managing Director                    






 Executives & Employees



Matthew Noah Rothfleisch

Founder




Marshall Terry

Chief Operating Officer & Chief Compliance Officer





Marc Edward Gold

Trader & Desk Analyst




Bret Joshua Rapport

Senior Research Analyst





Robert Alexander Baggio

Research Analyst






 Paths to Rotation Capital Management LP



                        Rotation Capital Management LP                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Rotation Capital Management LP






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Rotation Capital Management LP.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Holdings & Top Positions






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















Rotation Capital Management LP | Wealthminder











































Rotation Capital Management LP


Rotation Capital Management LP
(CRD# 173564) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
New York, NY.
They
manage $251,335,690 in 4 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 0 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Rotation Capital Management LP




489 Fifth Avenue, 11th Floor,
New York,
NY
10017
212-202-3150
http://www.rotationcapital.com/




http://www.rotationcapital.com/







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

251
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

4
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$62,833,923







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Performance-based fees






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies)








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.











Financial Advisors at Rotation Capital Management LP








No Advisor Found.








Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now














