




























Rothschild Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in Becton, Dickinson and Company (BDX) - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for Becton Dickinson and Company
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Becton Dickinson and Company with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Purchases 216 Shares of Fluor Corporation (FLR)
Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. (NASDAQ:MXIM) Stake Increased by Gateway Investment Advisers LLC
Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Purchases New Position in Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO)
Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Takes Position in Lumentum Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:LITE)
Calpine Corporation (CPN) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Friday
Fox Run Management L.L.C. Takes Position in Nomura Holdings Inc ADR (NMR)
Signaturefd LLC Acquires 13,265 Shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD)
M.D.C. Holdings, Inc. (MDC) Position Boosted by State Street Corp
Paycom Software, Inc. (NYSE:PAYC) Position Increased by State Street Corp
Linde AG (LIN) Given a €175.00 Price Target by BNP Paribas Analysts
Vantiv’s (NYSE:VNTV) Outperform Rating Reiterated at William Blair
Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Ferroglobe PLC (GSM)
Parsley Energy, Inc. (PE) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research
Weekly Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Immunomedics (IMMU)
18,500 Shares in National CineMedia, Inc. (NASDAQ:NCMI) Acquired by Fox Run Management L.L.C.
West Oak Capital LLC Sells 104 Shares of Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (APD)
Annaly Capital Management Inc (NYSE:NLY) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research
Independent Research GmbH Analysts Give Vossloh AG (VOS) a €61.00 Price Target
Matador Resources Company (NYSE:MTDR) Stake Raised by Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc.
Nuveen Asset Management LLC Lowers Position in Owens & Minor, Inc. (OMI)



 


Rothschild Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in Becton, Dickinson and Company (BDX)

					Posted by Rex Bailey on Jul 27th, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












Rothschild Asset Management Inc. decreased its position in  Becton, Dickinson and Company (NYSE:BDX) by 93.7% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 5,587 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock after selling 82,991 shares during the period. Rothschild Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in Becton, Dickinson and were worth $1,025,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of the company. Utah Retirement Systems boosted its stake in  Becton, Dickinson and by 0.3% in the first quarter. Utah Retirement Systems now owns 38,326 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock worth $7,031,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the last quarter.  Legal & General Group Plc boosted its stake in  Becton, Dickinson and by 4.3% in the first quarter. Legal & General Group Plc now owns 1,138,428 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock worth $208,820,000 after buying an additional 46,934 shares during the last quarter.  Fayez Sarofim & Co boosted its stake in  Becton, Dickinson and by 3.0% in the first quarter. Fayez Sarofim & Co now owns 3,022 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock worth $555,000 after buying an additional 87 shares during the last quarter.  SRS Capital Advisors Inc. boosted its stake in  Becton, Dickinson and by 9.7% in the first quarter. SRS Capital Advisors Inc. now owns 1,321 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock worth $242,000 after buying an additional 117 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Investec Asset Management PTY Ltd boosted its stake in  Becton, Dickinson and by 38.9% in the first quarter. Investec Asset Management PTY Ltd now owns 1,692 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock worth $310,000 after buying an additional 474 shares during the last quarter. 75.48% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get Becton Dickinson and Company alerts:



Becton, Dickinson and Company (NYSE BDX) opened at 202.72 on Thursday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $196.56 and its 200 day moving average is $185.57. The company has a market capitalization of $43.24 billion, a PE ratio of 33.67 and a beta of 1.05. Becton, Dickinson and Company has a 52 week low of $161.29 and a 52 week high of $205.94. 




Becton, Dickinson and (NYSE:BDX) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The medical instruments supplier reported $2.30 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.23 by $0.07. Becton, Dickinson and had a return on equity of 25.37% and a net margin of 10.67%. The business had revenue of $2.97 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $2.92 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $2.18 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was down 3.2% on a year-over-year basis.  Analysts predict that  Becton, Dickinson and Company will post $9.45 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, September 29th. Shareholders of record on Friday, September 8th will be given a $0.73 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, September 7th. This represents a $2.92 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.44%. Becton, Dickinson and’s dividend payout ratio  is currently 48.26%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Rothschild Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in Becton, Dickinson and Company (BDX)” was originally  posted by Week Herald and is the property of of Week Herald. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/27/rothschild-asset-management-inc-reduces-stake-in-becton-dickinson-and-company-bdx.html. 
A number of research firms recently issued reports on BDX. Bank of America Corporation  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $225.00 target price (up from $200.00) on shares of Becton, Dickinson and in a research note on Friday, July 21st. Zacks Investment Research raised Becton, Dickinson and from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $225.00 target price for the company in a research note on Monday, July 17th. BidaskClub raised Becton, Dickinson and from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, July 11th. Cowen and Company  reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $230.00 target price (up from $200.00) on shares of Becton, Dickinson and in a research note on Monday, July 10th. Finally, Raymond James Financial, Inc. raised Becton, Dickinson and from an “outperform” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and lowered their target price for the stock from $210.00 to $180.00 in a research note on Friday, June 30th. One analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating, eight have assigned  a buy rating and two have issued  a strong buy rating to the company. Becton, Dickinson and presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $194.69.
In other Becton, Dickinson and news, VP Jeffrey S. Sherman sold 28,765 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, May 25th. The stock was sold at an average price of $185.98, for a total value of $5,349,714.70. Following the transaction, the vice president now owns 70,821 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $13,171,289.58. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. 1.40% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. 
Becton, Dickinson and Company Profile
Becton, Dickinson and Company (BD) is a global medical technology company engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of a range of medical supplies, devices, laboratory equipment and diagnostic products. The Company operates through two segments: BD Medical and BD Life Sciences. The BD Medical segment produces an array of medical technologies and devices that are used to help improve healthcare delivery in a range of settings.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BDX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Becton, Dickinson and Company (NYSE:BDX).







Receive News & Ratings for Becton Dickinson and Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Becton Dickinson and Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Purchases 216 Shares of Fluor Corporation 





Maxim Integrated Products, Inc.  Stake Increased by Gateway Investment Advisers LLC





Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Purchases New Position in Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. 





Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Takes Position in Lumentum Holdings Inc. 





Calpine Corporation  Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Friday





Fox Run Management L.L.C. Takes Position in Nomura Holdings Inc ADR 






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 


































Rothschild Asset Management Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 8:26 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Rothschild Asset Management Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Rothschild Asset Management Inc. is a privately owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to individuals. It also caters to high net worth individuals, pension and profit sharing plans, pooled investment vehicles, corporations, state or municipal government entities, proprietary accounts, endowments, foundations, healthcare organizations, public pension funds, and Taft-Hartley plans. The firm manages separate client-focused equity and balanced portfolios. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. The firm primarily invests in value and growth stocks of small cap, mid cap, and large cap companies. For the fixed income portion, it i...
Rothschild Asset Management Inc. is a privately owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to individuals. It also caters to high net worth individuals, pension and profit sharing plans, pooled investment vehicles, corporations, state or municipal government entities, proprietary accounts, endowments, foundations, healthcare organizations, public pension funds, and Taft-Hartley plans. The firm manages separate client-focused equity and balanced portfolios. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. The firm primarily invests in value and growth stocks of small cap, mid cap, and large cap companies. For the fixed income portion, it invests in U.S. Treasury bonds and agency and investment-grade corporate bonds. The firm employs a combination of quantitative and fundamental analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach to create its portfolios. It was founded in December 1982 and is based in New York City, New York. Rothschild Asset Management Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Rothschild North America Inc.
Detailed Description


1251 Avenue of the Americas33rd floorNew York, NY 10020United StatesFounded in 1982



Phone: 212-403-3500

Fax: 212-403-3616

www.rothschild.com/raminc/







Key Executives for Rothschild Asset Management Inc.




Mr. Michael J. Woods


      	Chief Executive Officer and Member of the Board of Directors
      


Age: 50
        







Mr. Salvatore Focella


      	Chief Financial Officer
      








Mr. Thomas Wayne Rawlings


      	Chief Operating Officer
      


Age: 56
        







Mr. Mark Kivey Tavel


      	Managing Director, Portfolio Manager and Director
      








Mr. Joseph Bellantoni CFA


      	Managing Director and Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Rothschild Asset Management Inc. Key Developments

APS Asset Management and Rothschild Asset Management Enter into Strategic Alliance
Jul 3 17
APS Asset Management and Rothschild Asset Management Inc. have entered into a strategic alliance. The strategic alliance seeks to strengthen APS' position in the US and Rothschild Asset Management's position in Asia. This alliance also involves general marketing which Rothschild Asset Management will extend to APS in the US. In Asia, APS will extend similar support to Rothschild Asset Management.


CIBC Asset Management Announces Sub Advisor Changes to Imperial U.S. Equity Pool, Renaissance U.S. Equity Private Pool and Renaissance U.S. Equity Value Fund
Nov 26 16
CIBC Asset Management Inc. announced portfolio sub-advisor changes to further strengthen its core investment solutions with the addition of Morgan Stanley Investment Management Inc. (MSIM) and Rothschild Asset Management Inc. on certain mandates effective on or about December 16, 2016, and January 24, 2017, respectively. Imperial U.S. Equity Pool- MSIM and Rothschild Asset Management Inc. have been appointed as portfolio sub-advisors for the Imperial U.S. Equity Pool. These portfolio sub-advisors will join CIBC Asset Management Inc., American Century Investment Management Inc. (American Century), Pzena Investment Management, LLC (Pzena), and Sustainable Growth Advisers, LP (SGA); Renaissance U.S. Equity Private Pool- MSIM and Rothschild Asset Management Inc. have been appointed as portfolio sub-advisors for the Renaissance U.S. Equity Private Pool. These portfolio sub-advisors will join INTECH Investment Management LLC, Pzena and SGA; Renaissance U.S. Equity Value Fund- Rothschild Asset Management Inc. has been appointed portfolio sub-advisor for the Renaissance U.S. Equity Value Fund.


Advisors Asset Management Expands Strategic Partnership with Rothschild Asset Management Inc
Jun 23 16
Advisors Asset Management (AAM) announced that it has entered into an agreement with Rothschild Asset Management Inc. to become the distributor for select separately managed accounts (SMAs), including Rothschild's U.S. Large-Cap Core, U.S. Large-Cap Value and U.S. Balanced strategies. This agreement expands the scope of the existing partnership between AAM and Rothschild. In March, AAM became the sub-advisor for the fixed-income component of Rothschild's U.S.  Balanced SMA strategies, and agreed to perform the administrative and back-office functions for these portfolios. The prior accord also enabled AAM to distribute Rothschild's U.S. Balanced SMAs.  The new agreement will expand AAM's distribution and operations functions to include Rothschild's U.S.  Large-Cap Core and U.S.  Large-Cap Value strategies. Rothschild will continue to serve as investment manager for the two large-cap strategies and the investment advisor to the Balanced strategy with AAM acting as the sub-advisor for the fixed income portion.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Rothschild Asset Management Inc., please visit www.rothschild.com/raminc/.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























Rothschild Asset Management Inc. : Top Money Managers  




Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Rothschild Asset Management Inc                                                                                          - New York                                          , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



New York



Investment Advice



Investment Advisory Service



                            Rothschild Asset Management Inc
                                    



 





















R 


Rothschild Asset Management Inc                                                                                         
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1251 AVE OF THE AVE FL 51 NEW YORK, NY 10020
Get Directions



(212) 403-3500
www.rothschild.com                                                                                      





Business Info



 Founded 1987
 Incorporated NY
 Annual Revenue $7,019,105.00
 Employee Count 21
 Industries Investment Advisory Service
 Contacts Mark K Tavel                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1987, Rothschild Asset Management Inc                                                                                          has been providing Investment Advisory Service from New York. Rothschild Asset Management Inc                                                                                          is incorporated in New York. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







R

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.






















	US based active management expertise - Asset Management - Rothschild & Co























Search




Language
















Français English 







This page is available in your preferred language. Would you prefer to switch?

OK
Cancel





































Search




Language
































Rothschild Asset Management
US-based active management expertise
















Rothschild Asset Management
US-based active management expertise


In this section

















Headquartered in New York, Rothschild Asset Management Inc. manages investments covering a range of US securities including large-cap, small/mid-cap, small-cap, and balanced strategies We seek to provide superior performance while controlling risk. Our seasoned teams of investment professionals use a disciplined investment philosophy and an integrated process focused on fundamentals.We manage assets for a broad range of clients including: corporations, endowments, foundations, healthcare organizations, high-net-worth investors, public pension funds, sub-advisory and Taft-Hartley plans.We also offer alternative private funds to qualified investors and sub-advise risk-based index products. 








     What sets us apart We are a business unit of Rothschild & Co, a global financial services organization founded in the 18th century.Our asset management division has benefited from the same investment leadership since 1988.We are guided by a clear and strongly held investment philosophy that seeks to add value through stock selection while seeking to mitigate benchmark risk.  Read More
         We use a proven investment process focused on fundamentals to help us identify stocks with attractive valuations and improving business prospects.Our process seeks to generate consistent alpha with lower volatility than the market.We manage investments on behalf of institutional and high net worth investors with an experienced, cohesive team of professionals who have worked in our industry for an average of 20 years.Our equity strategies include:Rothschild U.S. Large-Cap CoreRothschild U.S. Large-Cap ValueRothschild U.S. Small/Mid-Cap CoreRothschild U.S. Small/Mid-Cap ValueRothschild U.S. Small-Cap CoreRothschild U.S. Small-Cap ValueRothschild U.S. Small-Cap GrowthRothschild U.S. Balanced(Fixed Income portion is subadvised by Advisors Asset Management, Inc., a non-affiliated SEC - registered investment adviser)All of these strategies are actively managed. Our teams of seasoned investment professionals use a disciplined investment philosophy and an integrated process, focused on fundamentals.We deliver the following for our clients:Longstanding expertise: Our investment philosophy has been in place since 1988.A focus on stock selection: We pick attractively valued stocks with prospects for expectational upside.Consistency: We look for consistent, repeatable results.Risk control: We explicitly look to minimize the influence of factor or systematic risks.   








     Our investment approach  Our proven expertise comes from bottom-up stock selection that targets attractive valuations and expectational upside. We look to deliver consistent outperformance as well as protection in down markets with a controlled level of risk. In order to achieve that, our innovative fund managers use an integrated process focused on fundamentals.    








News and publications








     US Equity Market Commentary  For a summary of the latest market and economic developments, please see our US Equity Market Commentary.   Read more        The First 100 days of the Trump Administration  A discussion with our Chief Economist and three Portfolio Managers to discuss the outlook for stocks in the early days of the Trump Administration.  Read More        Smarter Beta: Equal Risk Contribution vs. Minimum Variance  Equal Risk Contribution offers a superior approach to Minimum Variance.   Read More    








Contact our teamFor the appropriate contact, please refer to the description below that most closely aligns with your institution.General inquiriesEmail:  raminc@rothschild.com
Tel: +1 212-403-5460Mailing addressRothschild Asset Management Inc.
1251 Avenue of the Americas, 34th floor
New York, NY 10020Institutional clients and consultantsJoseph Gill (East)
 email: joseph.gill@rothschild.com
Tel: +1 212-403-3674Joseph Shelly (Central)
email: joseph.shelly@rothschild.com
Tel: +1 212-403-3608Aysun Kilic (West)
email: aysun.kilic@rothschild.com
Tel: +1 310-746-4123Taft-Hartley PlansJohn C. Thomas, Esq.
 Email: john.thomas@rothschild.com
Tel: +1 212-403-3630Mary Jane Cullinan, CFA
 Email: maryjane.cullinan@rothschild.com 
Tel: +1 212-403-3609Financial intermediariesJennifer Kulp        
Email: jennifer.kulp@rothschild.com  
Tel : +1 212-403-3507Strategic partnerships, including sub-advisory relationships Drew Graser
Email: drew.graser@rothschild.com
Tel: +1 610-304-142Eric Rowan
Email:  eric.rowan@rothschild.com  
Tel: +1 212-403-3704Christopher Meier
Email: Christopher.meier@rothschild.com
Tel: +1 212-403-3523Media InquiriesPlease direct all inquiries to:Benjamin Poor
Tel: +1 212-403-5288
Email: benjamin.poor@rothschild.com
























































































































































































































































































	Asset Management - Rothschild & Co























Search




Language
















Français English 







This page is available in your preferred language. Would you prefer to switch?

OK
Cancel





































Search




Language
































Rothschild Martin MaurelAsset Management
















Rothschild Martin MaurelAsset Management


In this section


















An independent long-term perspective in innovative investment solutions, designed around the needs of each and every client. 








Rothschild Asset Management division offers the independent long-term perspective in bespoke asset management solutions, designed around the needs of each and every client.We are a global multi-specialist asset manager delivering bespoke investment management and advisory services to institutional clients, financial intermediaries, and third party distributors.Complementary expertiseOur complementary fields of expertise include:  Active/conviction management, Open architecture solutions and Risk-based solutions.Resolutely client-first, we know that consistent performance can only be realised in the long-term.While other asset managers are involved in proprietary trading and brokerage activities, we are truly independent in our security selections. This way, we can pursue long-term strategies that are free from conflict of interest and build truly lasting partnerships with our clients.








     Active / Conviction Management Based on fundamental analysis and a rigorous investment process, our active/conviction management activities are carried out by Rothschild Asset Management in Paris and in New York.  Read more        Open-Architecture Investment Solutions Our Open-Architecture and Alternative Investment Solutions give us the freedom to recommend funds that meet each client's best interests, even if they aren't proprietary products.Our open-architecture asset allocation combines top-down and bottom-up approaches. Our alternative open-architecture offer benefits from two dedicated second highly experienced management team.   Read more        Risk-Based Investment Solutions  RRBI LLC (“Rothschild Risk Based Investments LLC”) provides transparent, consistent and risk-based solutions, in a range of single and multi-asset classes including equity and fixed income. RBIS aims to deliver superior risk-adjusted returns reducing significantly the volatility and the maximum drawdown compared with traditional market-capitalization weighted portfolios.  Read more    






















































































































































News and publications








     Monthly letter - June 2017   Read more        Perspective - May 2017   Read more        Perspective R Valor - April 2017   Read more    








Our Offices








Rothschild Asset Management Frankfurt am Main Börsenstraße 2 - 4Frankfurt am Main 60313Germany
                View Google map
              
                View Country page
              Tel: +49 69 299 8840  Rothschild Asset Management London New Court, St Swithin's LaneLondon EC4N 8ALUnited Kingdom
                View Google map
              
                View Country page
              Tel: +44 20 7280 5000  Rothschild Asset Management Milano Via Santa Radegonda 8Milano 20121Italy
                View Google map
              
                View Country page
              Tel: +39 02 7244 31  Rothschild Asset Management New York 1251 Avenue of the Americas
33rd floorNew York NY 10020USA
                View Google map
              
                View Country page
              Tel: +1 212 403 3500  Rothschild Asset Management Paris 29 Avenue de MessineParis 75008France
                View Country page
              Tel: +33 1 40 74 40 74  








Regulatory information is available here    Rothschild Asset Management is a global asset management division of Rothschild & Co and should be distinguished from Rothschild Asset Management Inc., which is a legal entity and a U.S. based investment adviser.  










































































































































