





Rotunda, Joseph L. - The Wall Street Transcript














































 





































Joseph L. Rotunda
JOSEPH L. ROTUNDA has served as Director, President, and Chief
Executive Officer of  EZCORP, Inc., since August 2000 following
his initial employment with EZCORP as Director, President, and
Chief Operating Officer in February 2000. From 1998 to 2000, he
was Chief Operating Officer of G&K Services, Inc, a $500 million
provider of uniform and textile products based in Minneapolis,
Minnesota. From 1991 to 1998 he progressed through several
officer positions to ultimately become Executive Vice President
and Chief Operating Officer of Thorn Americas, Inc. (dba Rent-A-
Center, Remco, and U-Can Rent) as the company grew from 700 to
1,400 stores. Mr. Rotunda began his career with Montgomery Ward,
from 1969 through 1991, and held numerous positions including
Territory Vice President and Vice President of Customer Service
and New Stores. Mr. Rotunda also currently serves as a Director
of RTO Enterprises, Inc., Toronto, Canada.
Related Interviews:Joseph Rotunda - Ezcorp Inc (ezpw)March 11, 2003







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google















Insider Trading - Rotunda Joseph L - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Rotunda Joseph L





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-23Option Award
2016-12-272:48 pm
N/AN/A
Ezcorp Inc
EZPW
Rotunda Joseph LChief Operating Officer
61,031
$0
150,172(Direct)
View


2016-12-07Disposition
2016-12-092:13 pm
N/AN/A
Ezcorp Inc
EZPW
Rotunda Joseph LChief Operating Officer
1,352
$11.35
756,520(Direct)
View


2016-09-30Tax Withholding
2016-10-0409:25 am
N/AN/A
Ezcorp Inc
EZPW
Rotunda Joseph LPresident, North American Pawn
2,188
$10.8
757,872(Direct)
View


2016-03-31Option Award
2016-04-0412:02 pm
N/AN/A
Ezcorp Inc
EZPW
Rotunda Joseph LPresident, North American Pawn
89,141
$0
89,141(Direct)
View


2016-02-01Option Award
2016-02-035:16 pm
N/AN/A
Ezcorp Inc
EZPW
Rotunda Joseph LPresident, North American Pawn
9,880
$3.12
761,673(Direct)
View


2016-02-01Option Award
2016-02-035:16 pm
N/AN/A
Ezcorp Inc
EZPW
Rotunda Joseph LPresident, North American Pawn
14,820
$3.12
761,673(Direct)
View


2016-02-01Tax Withholding
2016-02-035:16 pm
N/AN/A
Ezcorp Inc
EZPW
Rotunda Joseph LPresident, North American Pawn
1,613
$3.12
761,673(Direct)
View


2015-09-30Tax Withholding
2015-10-023:56 pm
N/AN/A
Ezcorp Inc
EZPW
Rotunda Joseph LPresident, North American Pawn
2,188
$6.17
736,973(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Sat, 22 Jul 2017 07:16:05 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  













Joseph L. Rotunda - Chief Operating Officer at EZCorp Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Joseph L. Rotunda
Chief Operating Officer at EZCorp Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Career History Boards & Committees Public Holdings Transactions 


Joseph L. Rotunda
Chief Operating Officer at EZCorp Inc.



 Overview



Age



69
                                  (Born 1948)
                                              




Notable Companies


EZCorp Inc.

G & K Services Inc.

Rent-A-Center, Inc.




Board Seats



4





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 351 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




GlobeNewswire
March 20, 2017





                        EZCORP, Inc. Announces 2017 Annual Meeting of StockholdersÂ and Conference Call on Wednesday, March 22, 2017                    





Detroit Free Press
November 12, 2015





                        Watch out for money traps with all-or-nothing bets                    





GlobeNewswire
October 21, 2015





                        Unexpected Life Insurance Premium Hikes Pose Major Threat to Seniors, Say Experts at 2015 Fall Life Settlement Conference                    





Marketline Newswire
June 9, 2015





                        EZCORP announces management changes                    





Austin Business Journal
May 27, 2015





                        Former CEO returns to EZCorp in new position; More management changes announced :                     







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




Lachlan P. Given

Executive Chairman, Chief of Acquisitions & Funding at EZCorp Inc.




Stuart I. Grimshaw

Chief Executive Officer at EZCorp Inc.





Sterling B. Brinkley, Jr.

Former Vice President, Corporation Finance Department at Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc.




Mark E. Kuchenrither

Former President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer & Director at EZCorp Inc.





Thomas Craig Roberts, Jr.

Former Chief Financial Officer & Executive Director at Schlumberger Ltd.




Pablo Lagos Espinosa

Chairman of the Board & Executive President at Mexican subsidiary





Matthew Appel

Former Chief Financial Officer & Vice President at ExlService Holdings, Inc.




William C. Love

Founding Partner at Love & Aaron W Games PLLC





Peter Cumins

Deputy Executive Chairman at Cash Converters International Ltd.




Richard Drivd Sage

Co-Founder at AmeriHealth, Inc.







See 341 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 341 More 


 


 Paths to Joseph L. Rotunda



            Joseph L. Rotunda          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Joseph L. Rotunda






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Joseph L. Rotunda.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Career History



Chief Operating Officer

                                    2000 - Current                


EZCorp Inc.


                  EZCORP, Inc provides pawn loans in the United States and Mexico and consumer loans in Mexico. The company operates its business through following segments: U.S. Pawn, Mexico Pawn, Grupo Finmart and Other International. The U.S. Pawn includes its EZPAWN, Value Pawn & Jewelry and other branded pawn operations in the United States. The Mexico Pawn includes Empeno Facil pawn operations and Cash Converters buy/sell store operations in Mexico. The Grupo Finmart includes its Crediamigo and Adex payroll withholding loan operations in Mexico. The Other International segment includes CASHMAX financial services operations in Canada. EZCORP was founded in 1989 and is headquartered in Rollingwood, TX.                




Chief Operating Officer

                                    1998 - 2000                


G & K Services Inc.


                  G&K Services, Inc. engages in the provision of branded uniform and facility products and services. It operates through the United States, and Canada segments. The United States segment includes the Dominican Republic operations. The company was founded in 1902 and is headquartered in Minnetonka, MN.                




Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President

                                    1991 - 1998                


Rent-A-Center, Inc.


                  Rent-A-Center, Inc. engages in leasing household durable goods to customers on a rent-to-own basis. The company provides the customers the ownership of products, such as consumer electronics, appliances, computers, furniture and accessories, under rental purchase agreements with no long-term obligation. Its stores offer durable products such as major consumer electronics, appliances, computers, and furniture and accessories under flexible rental purchase agreements that typically allow the customer to obtain ownership of the merchandise at the conclusion of an agreed-upon rental period. The company operates its business through the following segments: Core U.S., Acceptance Now, Mexico and Franchising. The Core U.S. segment consists of company-owned rent-to-own stores in the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico that lease household durable goods to customers on a rent-to-own basis. The Acceptance Now segment offers the rent-to-own transaction to consumers who do not qualify for financing from the traditional retailer through kiosks located within such retailer's locations. The Mexico segment consists of its company-owned rent-to-own stores in Mexico that lease household durable goods to customers on a rent-to-own basis. The Franchising segment use Rent-A-Center's, ColorTyme's and RimTyme's trade names, service marks, trademarks and logos, and operate under distinctive operating procedures and standards. Rent-A-Center was founded by Mark E. Speese on September 16, 1986 and is headquartered in Plano, TX.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Member, Board of Directors

                    Current                  


EZCorp Inc.

                    EZCORP, Inc provides pawn loans in the United States and Mexico and consumer loans in Mexico. The company operates its business through following segments: U.S. Pawn, Mexico Pawn, Grupo Finmart and Other International. The U.S. Pawn includes its EZPAWN, Value Pawn & Jewelry and other branded pawn operations in the United States. The Mexico Pawn includes Empeno Facil pawn operations and Cash Converters buy/sell store operations in Mexico. The Grupo Finmart includes its Crediamigo and Adex payroll withholding loan operations in Mexico. The Other International segment includes CASHMAX financial services operations in Canada. EZCORP was founded in 1989 and is headquartered in Rollingwood, TX.                  




Director

                    Current                  


eCommission Financial Services, Inc.

                    eCommission Financial Services, Inc. provides real estate commission advance services. Its services include pending sale, short sale, lease, and bridge listing advance. The company was founded by Sean Whaling and Mark Whaling in 1999 and is headquartered in Austin, TX.                  




Non-Executive Director

                    2009 - 2011                  


Albemarle & Bond Holdings Plc

                    Albemarle & Bond Holdings Plc provides pawn broking and financial services. It operates its business through four segments: Pawnbroking, Retail jewellery, Gold Purchasing and Unsecured Lending. The firm's services include retail sales, cheque cashing and other financial services. The company was founded by Philip Patrick Murphy in 1983 and is headquartered in Wakefield, the United Kingdom.                  




Director

                    2000 - 2010                  


goeasy Ltd.

                    goeasy Ltd. is one of leading full-service providers of goods and alternative financial services that improve the lives of everyday Canadians. Today, goeasy Ltd. serves its customers through two key operating divisions, easyhome and easyfinancial. easyhome is Canada's largest lease-to-own company, offering brand-name household furniture, appliances and electronics to consumers under weekly or monthly leasing agreements through both corporate and franchise stores. easyfinancial is one of the leading providers of alternative financial services, offering consumer loans between $500-$15,000, and is supported by a strong central credit adjudication process and industry leading risk analytics. easyfinancial also operates an indirect lending channel, offering loan products to consumers at the point-of-sale of third party merchants. Both operating divisions of goeasy Ltd. offer the customer service and enable customers to transact through a national store and branch network of over 175 easyhome Leasing and 200 easyfinancial locations across Canada and through its online and mobile eCommerce enabled platforms. The company was founded by Gordon J. Reykdal on December 14, 1990 and is headquartered in Mississauga, Canada.                  





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Transactions



 Details Hidden



                  EZCorp Inc. purchases Value Financial Services, Inc.                                     





 Other Affiliations




              Joseph L. Rotunda is affiliated with
                            EZCorp Inc., G & K Services Inc., Rent-A-Center, Inc., EZCorp Inc., eCommission Financial Services, Inc., Albemarle & Bond Holdings Plc, goeasy Ltd..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Joseph L Rotunda - Austin, TX | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Joseph L Rotunda in Austin, TX


Joseph L Rotunda

                                                                           Intelius found that Joseph L Rotunda  is  a male between 70 and 70 years old from Austin, TX.  We have connected them to
                8 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Joe Louis Rotunda
Joseph J Rotunda


Get Report Now

Age

Joseph L Rotunda is in his 70s

Joseph Has Lived In

Austin, TX
Washington, DC
Excelsior, MN

Joseph's Relatives

Patricia Rotunda
Patty Rotunda
JL Rotunda







Joseph L Rotunda



Zodiac SignCapricorn



GenderMale



Professional Status
Assistant District Attorney For the District Attorney's Office at Travis County



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Joseph? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Joseph, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Joseph L Rotunda
Get a Criminal Check on Joseph L Rotunda
Get a Public Record Report on Joseph L Rotunda
Get a People Search Report on Joseph L Rotunda


Joseph L Rotunda's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Joseph L Rotunda has lived as well as Joseph L Rotunda's phone numbers and email addresses.




Joseph L Rotunda Has Lived in 6 States
Texas Address for Joseph L Rotunda


1127 N M**** W** 

Austin, TX


Has Lived In

Austin, TX
Washington, DC


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Joseph L Rotunda

(512) ***-****
(512) ***-**** - Austin, TX 
(316) ***-**** - Wichita, KS 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Joseph L Rotunda

j******a@***.com
i********e@***.com


Get Email Report




Joseph L Rotunda's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Joseph L Rotunda's academic history.  Find out which schools Joseph L Rotunda attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Joseph L Rotunda received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Joseph L Rotunda Has Attended 2 Schools
Trinity University 
University of Kansas School of Law                                             


Joseph L Rotunda's Professional Information
Information regarding Joseph L Rotunda's professional history.  Find out previous places Joseph L Rotunda has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Joseph L Rotunda Has Worked at 3 Places
Company: Travis County
               Title: Assistant District Attorney For the District Attorney's Office
Company: North American Securities Administrators Association , Inc.
               Title: Director of the Enforcement Division For the Texas State Securities Board and A Member of Enforcement Section
Joseph L Rotunda's Experience
Title: Assistant District Attorney For the District Attorney's Office
               Company: Travis County
Job Details
               The Travis County District Attorney's Office offers an internship program which is geared toward law students. It is our mission to provide these students with hands-on training in the courtroom and preparing legal research guided by our prosecutors. The program provides interns with an oversight of the Criminal Justice System and in turn, they contribute a level of quality to our office's ability to ensure responsiveness to our community. Interns have a part in planning, offering feedback and making suggestions during their training. We attempt to place interns in suitable assignments with consideration for their personal preference, temperament, education and employment background. Interns accepted into the program are subject to background checks. Interested applicants should download and return completed application to Pati Barton in the Victim Witness Division with the District Attorney's Office.
Title: Director of the Enforcement Division For the Texas State Securities Board and A Member of Enforcement Section
               Company: North American Securities Administrators Association , Inc.
Job Details
               The North American Securities Administrators Association, Inc. (NASAA) is the oldest international organization devoted to investor protection.
Additional Professional Information on Joseph L Rotunda

 See Joseph L Rotunda's LinkedIn Profile



Joseph L Rotunda's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Joseph L Rotunda


Joseph L Rotunda's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Joseph L Rotunda's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Joseph Rotunda
Username Matches

                  JosephRotunda
                  RotundaJoseph
                  Joseph.Rotunda
                  Rotunda.Joseph
                  Joseph_Rotunda
                  Rotunda_Joseph
                  Joseph-Rotunda
                  Rotunda-Joseph
                  JRotunda
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Rotunda







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











   Joseph Rotunda | easyhome LTD | ZoomInfo.com
 EZ Corp. Inc., Joseph L. Rotunda,  























  A publisher of Business Information since 1983    



  









 
            





Search Business
		    
				Search Executive
		    

        

  Advanced Search








 
                 




 | 
		 
						
   							Sign In
   					
			 | 
	    Hints





    







Company Name
EZ Corp. Inc.
 
 














 Address

	        
				
						1901 Capital Pkwy.		        	
				
									        	
					
							
						
	        
					
			
					
					 	
					 		Austin,
					 		
					 
					 
					 
					
           					 TX
           			
	    			
	    			
         					78746
         					
	    				
	    			
	    					
	    				
	    			
	    			         		
	    			
	    				
	       				 United States
						         
				



Email
  investorrelations@ezcorp.com
Phone
 1-512-314-3400


Website


							        www.ezcorp.com
							        

Fax

							         1-512-314-3404














            Summary            
      Executive Details      
       Financial Details       
       Board Members       
     Stock Ownership     
Subsidiaries









Business Information
															The group's principal activity is to provide small non-recourse loans secured by pledging of tangible personal property known as pawn loans. The pawn shop functions as convenient source of consumer credit and as value-oriented specialty retailers of previously owned merchandise. The group acquires inventory for its retail sales primarily through pawn loan forfeitures and, to a lesser extent, through purchases from customers and wholesale distributors. The pawnshops are located in 280 locations: 181 in Texas, 24 in Colorado, 20 in Oklahoma, 18 in Florida, 15 in Indiana, 8 in Alabama, 4 in Nevada, 3 in Tennessee, 3 in Louisiana, 3 in Mississippi and 1 in Arkansas. The group operates all of its pawnshops under the trade name ez pawn. The group also operates under the trade names ezmoney payroll advance payroll advance express and ezcorp collection center.   
															






                       
																Executive Information                                                                
															



																Name

																Title
															

																Email
															

Sterling BrinkleyChmn. N/A  Daniel TonissenDir., Sr. VP, CFO, Assist. Sec. N/A  Robert JacksonCIO, VP N/A  Bob KasenterSr. VP - Administration N/A  Eric FosseVP - Ezmoney Operations N/A  

 
												




																Financial 
                                                                Information
                                                             ( All figures in $ '000 ) 



															  	Year

															  	Sales

															  	Net Income

2006 315,85229,2592005 254,15914,7522004 227,7979,123
																
																   

 
											
										
										  

TO SEE COMPLETE RESULTS SUBSCRIBE NOW
TO SEE COMPLETE RESULTS SUBSCRIBE NOW



Click for more Executives 




















       Financial Summary       
        Income Statement        
         Balance Sheet         
         Cash Flows         
          Ratios          







































                                              FOR SUBSCRIBERS ONLYCLICK HERE TO
                                              
                                              SUBSCRIBE NOW









































           
 
 
Home   |   About Us   |   Product Information    |   Subscription   |  List Builder    |  Executive List    |   Email Lists      |  Contact Us   |   Site Map   |  
 Browse Directory    




 

 &nbsp   ©
 2009, Walkers's Research - A publisher of Business Information since 1983, All Rights Reserved.

  





JOSEPH L  ROTUNDA - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











JOSEPH L  ROTUNDA
Check out list of companies and businesses related to JOSEPH L  ROTUNDA. Find out JOSEPH L  ROTUNDA address and contact details. View other people related to JOSEPH L  ROTUNDA - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

1901 CAPITAL PKWY  AUSTIN 78746 TX




Companies related to JOSEPH L  ROTUNDA
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0000876523EZCORP INCChief Operating Officer 2500 BEE CAVE ROAD BUILDING 1, SUITE 200 AUSTIN 78746




JOSEPH L  ROTUNDA on the Web
Persons related to JOSEPH L  ROTUNDA - EZCORP INCNamePositionCityScott  AlomesChief Human Resources Officer AUSTINSanders  AnthonyAustinMATTHEW  APPELDirector NEW YORKMATTHEW  APPELDirector AUSTINMark  AshbyChief Financial Officer AUSTINGuest  BarryAustinCharles A  BauerAUSTINJoseph  BealDirector AUSTINROBERT F  BLOOMVice President AUSTINRick  BluntzerSr VP Communcations & Affairs AUSTINJoseph S.  BorbelyPresident - Signature Loans AUSTINTurner  BrentAustinSTERLING B  BRINKLEYChairman of the Board OAKLANDSTERLING B  BRINKLEYChairman of the Board LOCUST VALLEYSTERLING B  BRINKLEYChairman of the Board AUSTINStephen Morrison  BrownChief Accounting Officer AUSTINJeff  ByalSVP, CAO AUSTINDANIEL M  CHISMVP & Chief Accounting Officer AUSTINPHILLIP EAN  COHEN NEW YORKPHILLIP EAN  COHEN10% Owner NEW YORKPeter  CuminsDirector AUSTINMark  DeBenedictusROLLINGWOODRichard M  EdwardsDirector AUSTINFosse  EricAustinPABLO LAGOS  ESPINOSADirector AUSTINMITCHELL E  FADELPLANOJohn  FarrellDirector AUSTINEric  FosseREDLANDSEric  FossePres North American Operations AUSTINEric  FosseAUSTINFRED L  FOXAUSTINRomo Rodrigo  GarciaPres/Dir Gen Empeno Facil AUSTINLachlan P  GivenDirector AUSTINStuart  GrimshawChief Executive Officer AUSTINBarry William  GuestPres. Pawn & Cash Converters AUSTINDavid John  HurrellChief Information Officer ROLLINGWOODRobert Michael  JacksonVice President & CIO ROUND ROCKRobert Michael  JacksonVice President & CIO AUSTINFarrell  JohnAustinBeal  JosephAustinROBERT A  KASENTERSr. Vice-President AUSTINJOHN R  KISSICKVice-President AUSTINCONNIE  KONDIKVice-President & Secretary AUSTINMark Edward  KuchenritherExecutive Vice President & CFO AUSTINFrancisco  KuthyPresident - Mexico Pawn ROLLINGWOODWilliam C  LoveDirector AUSTINJodie E. B.  MaccaroneChief Strategy Officer AUSTINKuchenrither  MarkAustinGARY C  MATZNERDirector MIAMIGARY C  MATZNERDirector AUSTINDavid Francis  McGuireDeputy CFO; CAO ROLLINGWOODSantiago Creel  MirandaDirector AUSTINSantiago Creel  MirandaDirector AUSTINShanna  MunroPresident, CCV Canada AUSTINKaryn  MunsieChief Mkting & Comm Officer AUSTINEspinosa  PabloAustinRothamel  PaulAustinThomas Craig  Roberts JRDirector AUSTINThomas Craig  Roberts JRDirector AUSTINGarcia-Romo  RodrigoAustinJames  RoseVice President AUSTINPaul  RothamelPresident & CEO AUSTINJOSEPH L  ROTUNDAChief Operating Officer AUSTINJOSEPH L  ROTUNDADirector AUSTINRICHARD D  SAGEDirector SUNRISEAnthony M.  SandersSenior Vice President AUSTINFrederick Carl  Spilker IIIChief Risk Officer AUSTINStephen  StampSr. VP/Chief Financial Officer AUSTINStamp  StephenAustinBrinkley  SterlingAustinRoberts  ThomasAustinWelch, Jr.  ThomasAustinDANIEL N  TONISSENSenior Vice President AUSTINBrent  TurnerPres. eCommerce&Card Services AUSTINMICHAEL A  VOLPEVice President AUSTINJacob Gustaf Lennart  WedinChief Product & Process Office AUSTINThomas H  Welch JRSenior Vice President ASUTINJames William  WhatleyPres US Financial Services AUSTINLove  WilliamAustinCharles Bradford  WolfeSenior Vice President AUSTINWilliam Earl  WoodSr. VP & CIO AUSTIN












 















Joseph L. Rotunda - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Joseph L. Rotunda
Chief Operating Officer and Director at EZCORP, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Joseph L. Rotunda? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Joseph L. Rotunda's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Joseph L. Rotunda's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Joseph L. Rotunda's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Joseph L. Rotunda through your network of contacts.
												








Joseph L. Rotunda's Executive Work History


Current


Chief Operating Officer and Director, 
EZCORP, Inc.


Past
To view Joseph L. Rotunda's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
69

 
 


Joseph L. Rotunda's Biography



Mr. Rotunda currently serves as Chief Operating Officer, having been appointed to that position in October 2016. Mr. Rotunda has a relationship with the Company that spans the past 16 years. Mr. Rotunda joined EZCORP as President and Chief Operating officer and a director in February 2000 and was promoted to Chief Executive Officer in August 2000. He retired from that position, and as a member of the Board of Directors, in October 2010 and became a consultant to the Company pursuant to a five-year consulting agreement. That agreement was mutually terminated in November 2013. Mr. Rotunda rejoined the Board of Directors in July 2014, and assume ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Rotunda currently serves as Chief Operating Officer, having been appointed to that position in October 2016. Mr. Rotunda has a relationship with the Company that spans the past 16 years. Mr. Rotunda joined EZCORP as President and Chief Operating officer and a director in February 2000 and was promoted to Chief Executive Officer in August 2000. He retired from that position, and as a member of the Board of Directors, in October 2010 and became a consultant to the Company pursuant to a five-year consulting agreement. That agreement was mutually terminated in November 2013. Mr. Rotunda rejoined the Board of Directors in July 2014, and assumed an executive role in May 2015 when he was appointed President, North American Pawn. Prior to joining EZCORP in 2000, Mr. Rotunda was the Chief Operating Officer of G&K Services, Inc. (1998 to 2000) and held several executive positions, including Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, with Rent-A-Center, Inc. (1991 to 1998). Mr. Rotunda served as a director of EasyHome Ltd. of Toronto, Canada from 2000 until 2010. Mr. Rotunda also currently serves as a member of the board of directors of eCommission Financial Services, Inc., headquartered in Austin, Texas. Director qualifications: leadership, chief executive officer and executive management experience; retail management experience; deep understanding of consumer businesses and customer service strategies; risk management experience; financial experience; experience in developing, implementing and managing strategic plans; personnel development; deep understanding of conducting business in highly regulated environments; understanding of our unique business environment.
		
Source: EZCORP, Inc. on 12/14/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Joseph L. Rotunda's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Joseph L. Rotunda. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Joseph L. Rotunda's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Joseph L. Rotunda's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Joseph L. Rotunda through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Joseph L. Rotunda


















Joseph L. Rotunda's Connections (49)





Sign up now to view Joseph L. Rotunda's 49 connections »









Barry W. Guest
Former President, U.S. Pawn and Retail, EZCORP, Inc.









Matthew W. Appel
Board Member, EZCORP, Inc.









Paul E. Rothamel
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, EZCORP, Inc.









Sterling B. Brinkley
Former Executive Chairman of the Board, EZCORP, Inc.









Thomas H. Welch
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, EZCORP, Inc.









Joseph J. Beal
Former Board Member, EZCORP, Inc.









Daniel M. Chism
Former Chief Financial Officer, EZCORP, Inc.









Lachlan P. Given
Executive Chairman of the Board, EZCORP, Inc.









Mark E. Kuchenrither
Former Consultant, EZCORP, Inc.









Stuart I. Grimshaw
Chief Executive Officer and Director, EZCORP, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Philip L. Milstein
Board Member, The Marcus Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started



















v



























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          













Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















