




Roundabout Partners LP - Pooled Investment Fund- Roundabout Gp Llc  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Roundabout Partners LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    183 Madison Avenue Suite 1214 
    New York, NY, 10016Phone: 646-499-3060 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-01


Amended


$58,000,000


$58,000,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2015-11-20


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 N/A Roundabout Gp Llc 
 Promoter 


 Alexander Teicher 
 Executive, Promoter 





















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 

Roundabout Partners Lp raised funds  on November 20th, 2015































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/deals/388041-roundabout-partners-lpsection=deals&subsection=detail&id=388041  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Roundabout Partners Lp raised funds  on November 20th, 2015.Get alertedif Roundabout Partners Lp gets funded!Amount:UndisclosedCompany:Roundabout Partners LpInvestors:-Industry:FinanceCountry:State:City:United StatesNew YorkNew York CityKey people:Alexander Teicher (Executive Officer, Promoter)Data sources:www.sec.gov - D - Roundabout Partners LP (0001581387) (Filer)Description:The funding was completed in November 20th, 2015. Roundabout Partners Lp is a Finance-specialized enterprise.Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!

Roundabout Partners LP - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Roundabout Partners LP  Funding details


Roundabout Partners LP Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001581387Address: 183 MADISON AVENUE SUITE 1214 NEW YORK 10016Phone number: 646-499-3060



Latest news
Roundabout Partners LP raised $58,000,000 from 31 investors on 2016-12-01.



Roundabout Partners LP Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-12-01Amended Form DIndefinite$58,000,000Indefinite$500,0003106b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]At the discretion of the general partner, an amount less that the minimum investment may be accepted.2015-11-20New Form DIndefiniteYet To SellIndefinite$0006b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]
Roundabout Partners LP raised $58,000,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of Roundabout Partners LP
Key People in Roundabout Partners LP:

N/A Roundabout GP LLCAlexander Teicher
Similar companiesRoundabout Markets, Inc.








Last visited companies: Green Visor Capital II, L.P., Good City Brewing LLC, ATEL Growth Capital Fund 9, LLC, International Metals Trading, LLC, Greer Anderson Global Diversified IDF LLC

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.

















ROUNDABOUT PARTNERS LP Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      ROUNDABOUT PARTNERS LP
                    

•   NEW YORK, NY
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Roundabout Partners is based out of New York.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-12-01. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  hedge fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 2



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from ROUNDABOUT PARTNERS LP, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




roundabout partners lp


183 MADISON AVENUE

NEW YORK
NY
                                                        
                                                    10016


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      646-499-3060







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 12/01/2016
D filed on 11/20/2015
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-12-01
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
58,000,000
INDEFINITE


2015-11-20
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
0
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




ALEXANDER   TEICHER

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          PROMOTER
      



N/A   ROUNDABOUT GP LLC

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









         LD Products Reviews and Store Ratings | Bizrate                                                      Suggestions        shop by categories            Appliances Automotive Babies & Kids Books & Magazines Clothing & Accessories  Computers & Software DVDs & Videos Digital Cameras Electronics Furniture  Gifts, Flowers & Food Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Laptop Computers  Music Musical Instruments Office Supplies Pet Supplies Sports Equipment  Toys & Games Video Games Women's Shoes  see all categories            Home › Store Ratings › LD Products      LD Products Reviews and Store Ratings | Bizrate   LD Products Reviews                 Most Current Certification:  07/27/2017       LD Products Ratings and User Reviews. LD Products is rated 9.3 out of 10 from 1960 reviews. Last rated on 07/27/2017.    LD Products - Ink cartridge and inkjet refills offers new OEM, compatible, and remanufactured inkjet cartridges as well as InkTec ink refill kits and laser toner cartridges.        2016 Platinum Circle of Excellence   11 years               LD Products Rating             More About LD Products         Overall Satisfaction:     9.3 out of 10  Would Shop Here Again:     9.4 out of 10  Likelihood To Recommend:     9.3 out of 10            Overall Rating           Past 3 Months           Past Month         Positive 81% 82%     Neutral 15% 14%      Negative 4% 4%          Ease of Finding What You Are Looking For:         9.1 out of 10   Design of Site:         8.9 out of 10   Satisfaction With Checkout:         9.2 out of 10   Product Selection:         9.2 out of 10   Clarity of Product Information:         9.2 out of 10   Charges Stated Clearly:         9.5 out of 10   Price Relative To Other Online Retailers:         9.1 out of 10   Shipping Charges:         8.9 out of 10   Variety of Shipping Options:         8.9 out of 10         On-Time Delivery:         9.6 out of 10   Order Tracking:         9.5 out of 10   Product Met Expectations:         9.3 out of 10   Customer Support:         9.2 out of 10   Product Availability:         9.6 out of 10   Returns Process:         8.6 out of 10                Recent Reviews for LD Products  Showing 1 - 20 of 1960 Reviews                         Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 27, 2017            Well Done !                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 27, 2017            I like your company but the billing address shipping address part was horrible.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Brad                           Jul 27, 2017            I'm not sure yet, but I'm hoping that the remanufactured ink cartridges work well. If so, I will return to buy many more.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                grandmaB                           Jul 27, 2017            A friend told me about LD Products some time ago and I went online and submitted an order.  Am nearly out of ink so I am reordering and really like the fact that this order is costing less than my first order due to a % off and free shipping. Your prices are much lower than the big box stores. I am on Social Security and this discount  really helps.Thank You!                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 27, 2017            I only hope that I have only one order coming.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Tom                           Jul 27, 2017            The process is made a bit more confusing by a plethora of options for a specific type of cartridge which are virtually indistinguishable. A bit more definition would be helpful                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Paradigmpi                           Jul 27, 2017            I really like your inks - have used your brother inks for about 10 years and have found them EXCELLENT.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Di                           Jul 27, 2017            Review of product is yet to be determined - 1st time use                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                jim                           Jul 27, 2017            my 1st order.   we will see how it goes.........                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                               Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:               On Time Delivery:               Customer Support:    Full ratings for this review »                naklab                           Jul 13, 2017            The price is very reasonable, yet they seem to run out of ink fast.                   Jul 27, 2017  I did not realize how bad my first replacements were when I ordered a 2nd set. I now know they are not very good or my first order was ok. I really do not know. I learned a  lesson. Regards, Tiothy Balkan.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 27, 2017            It was very annoying having the ads keep popping up while trying to order.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                dave                           Jul 27, 2017            It is always fast convenient and the best quality and prices anywhere on the internet!I highly recommend this company!                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 27, 2017            I like the prices but I wish there were more high yield option on the ink                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 27, 2017            Always pleased with LD and their products!                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                               Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:               On Time Delivery:               Customer Support:    Full ratings for this review »                Pat                           Jul 20, 2017                            Jul 27, 2017  Goof Product                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                bob                           Jul 27, 2017            best value available                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 27, 2017            Satisfied with product and delivery of product                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 27, 2017            I've already recommended LD to several friends - one of which I know has ordered from you.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                kurtbebe                           Jul 27, 2017            Good prices.  Quality merchandise.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Steven                           Jul 27, 2017            Excellent and very nice...                   «   1   2   3   4   5   »       Store Ratings and Reviews Store Overview Store Detailed Ratings        About Connexity Store Ratings Top Products Circle of Excellence Winners Sitemap Ad Opt Out  Ad Choices        Stores are responsible for providing Bizrate with correct and current prices. Sales taxes and shipping costs are estimates; please check store for exact amounts. Product specifications are obtained from merchants or third parties. Although we make every effort to present accurate information, Bizrate is not responsible for inaccuracies. We encourage you to notify us of any discrepancies by clicking here.  Store ratings and product reviews are submitted by online shoppers; they do not reflect our opinions and we have no responsibility for their content.     Privacy Policy User Agreement © 2017 Connexity, Inc. / Bizrate is a division of Connexity, Inc.      Sign up for Bizrate Emails to save cash, plus  a chance to win our Daily Cash Giveaway!      We don't share email addresses. Official Rules                 X              

ROUNDABOUT ENTERPRISES, LP - CONROE, TX - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



CONROE



Business Services, Nec



Business Services, Nec



                            ROUNDABOUT ENTERPRISES, LP
                                    



 





















R 


ROUNDABOUT ENTERPRISES, LP
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



16849 FM 1314 RD CONROE, TX 77302
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated TX
 Annual Revenue $49,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Services, Nec
 Contacts GEORGINA TOBIAS







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Roundabout Enterprises, Lp was founded in 2010. The company is located in Conroe and incorporated in Texas. Roundabout Enterprises, Lp specializes in Business Services, Nec. Roundabout Enterprises, Lp has 1 employees and estimated revenues of $49,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







R

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.




















Strasburg Rd., Romansville Rd. & Shadyside Rd. Roundabout

















 



Sign In  




 



 


 


 















   Firm


About Us

President's Message 

Meet Our Principals 
Corporate Culture

 Contact  /  Locations 


Portfolio


Services
 
Transportation Planning and Permitting 
Complete Streets and Trail Design

Bridge Design and Inspection

Traffic Signal System and Design

Environmental Services and Permitting 
Construction Management and Inspection

Highway Design 
Expert Witness Support for Crash Investigations

 
Clients


Private Sector

Public Sector
 



  Awards


 Project Awards

Company Awards 



Library

News

Employment















Menu

About Us

President's Message

Meet Our Principals

Corporate Culture

TPD Portfolio

 Project Awards

Company Awards

Library

News

Employment  Contacts / Locations

Sign In



  



 






 

Home >  Services > 
 Transportation Planning & Permitting > 
Strasburg Rd., Romansville Rd. & Shadyside Rd. Roundabout





Client
                    

	
                Stargazers Village Partners, LP
                555 Croton Road, Suite 120
                King of Prussia, PA 19406

Project Completion Date
                    

	
                     Anticipated Spring 2017


Construction Cost
                    

	
                     Estimated $1,100,000




Project Overview 
                

In its role as the traffic engineer for Stargazers Village Partners, LP, TPD provided transportation planning and engineering services for the construction of a roundabout at the intersection of Strasburg Road (S.R.3062), Romansville Road (S.R.3051), Shadyside Road (Township), and Stargazer Road (S.R.3051).  
TPD provided a feasibility study for this intersection in order to determine the viability of a roundabout versus a traditional traffic signal.  The multi-road intersection contains three acute angle intersections with the major route.  Additionally the proposed development access is located between two offset intersections.  This geometry posed various conceptual difficulties when considering an upgrade to the intersections.  Through coordination with the Township and PennDOT, the intersection was identified as a candidate for the installation of a five leg roundabout.  The analysis also indicated that a portion of the roundabout would be multilane.  This is slated to be the first roundabout in the area with a multilane component.  The roundabout design is currently under its final review by PennDOT.
TPD completed the following tasks for the design of the roundabout:
- Roundabout capacity analysis
- Conceptual design of the roundabout
- Preparation of fully engineered final design plans for the proposed roundabout
- Permitting coordination with Pennsylvania Department of Transportation District and Central Offices
 












Get In Touch:
Traffic Planning and Design, Inc.610.326.3100 TPD@TrafficPD.com



Join Our Mailing List
 




 
 

 


 


© 2017 www.TrafficPD.com, All Rights Reserved.




 

Roundabout Partners Lp - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/218098-roundabout-partners-lpsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=218098  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Roundabout Partners LpCompany DetailsGet alertedif Roundabout Partners Lp gets funded!Roundabout Partners LpFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesNew YorkNew York CityIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors November 20th, 2015Undisclosed-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Roundabout Partners Lp gets funded?Key peopleAlexander TeicherExecutive Officer, PromoterPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!