Trendsetter - Android Apps on Google Play                                            Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookiesLearn moreGot itMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayNewsGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreShoppingWalletFinanceDocsBooksBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsSearch             Apps       My apps     Shop      Games     Family     Editors' Choice            Movies & TV       My movies & TV     Shop      TV     Family     Studios     Networks            Music       My music     Shop            Books       My books     Shop      Comics     Textbooks     Children's Books            Newsstand       My newsstand     Shop            Devices       Shop            Entertainment          Account     Redeem     Buy gift card     My wishlist     My Play activity     Parent Guide                  Categories              Android Wear  Art & Design  Auto & Vehicles  Beauty  Books & Reference  Business  Comics  Communication  Dating  Education  Entertainment  Events  Finance  Food & Drink  Health & Fitness  House & Home  Libraries & Demo  Lifestyle  Maps & Navigation  Medical  Music & Audio  News & Magazines  Parenting  Personalization  Photography  Productivity  Shopping  Social  Sports  Tools  Travel & Local  Video Players & Editors  Weather       Games    Action  Adventure  Arcade  Board  Card  Casino  Casual  Educational  Music  Puzzle  Racing  Role Playing  Simulation  Sports  Strategy  Trivia  Word       Family    Ages 5 & Under  Ages 6-8  Ages 9 & Up  Action & Adventure  Brain Games  Creativity  Education  Music & Video  Pretend Play                        Home            Top Charts            New Releases                                       Settings      Android Device Manager                       Trendsetter           47        Trendsetter   Lifestyle         Everyone         Loading device compatibility...                         Add to Wishlist   Adding...   Added to Wishlist   Remove   Removing...      Item added to wishlist.     Item removed from wishlist.       1                Install                                                                                                                     Rate the latest products to earn rewards redeemable at your favorite retailers in the form of FREE gift cards and large discounts. Join the newest trend and start earning today!      Read more                  My review                               Review from                                            Reviews       3.6        47 total      5   23   4   4   3   7   2   3   1   10       Helpfulness      Newest  Rating  Helpfulness                        Eds3284          We're punished for being honest. It plainly says "accurate reviews=more surveys" what is considered accurate? This does not want our honest opinion? Can someone help me understand what they want? Do they just want me to hit 5* on everything? If so that's extremely dumb. Why even ask us to mash any other star than the 5th one???                    Elizabeth Williams          Seems like every time I go there, there are never any surveys. I definitely took enough to be 25 points from the cheapest prize, but I never seem to get another survey. I guess this is either a scam or looking for a very specific demographic.                    christina sentner          After the first group of surveys there dont seem to be anymore. If you dont rate the things the way the app wants you too it will stop giving you surveys....redeemed 1 prize but in 2 weeks there hasnt been any survey.... Deleting...just taking up space in my phone....                    Shan Wilson          After the first setup you do not get anymore surveys smh                    Mya Clay          I can't even use it. It won't log in into Facebook keeps says login error                    Patricia Guthrie          Love this app            User reviews               Eds3284  January 25, 2017                         We're punished for being honest. It plainly says "accurate reviews=more surveys" what is considered accurate? This does not want our honest opinion? Can someone help me understand what they want? Do they just want me to hit 5* on everything? If so that's extremely dumb. Why even ask us to mash any other star than the 5th one???   Full Review                    Elizabeth Williams  January 27, 2017                         Seems like every time I go there, there are never any surveys. I definitely took enough to be 25 points from the cheapest prize, but I never seem to get another survey. I guess this is either a scam or looking for a very specific demographic.   Full Review                    christina sentner  January 29, 2017                         After the first group of surveys there dont seem to be anymore. If you dont rate the things the way the app wants you too it will stop giving you surveys....redeemed 1 prize but in 2 weeks there hasnt been any survey.... Deleting...just taking up space in my phone....   Full Review                    Shan Wilson  January 30, 2017                         After the first setup you do not get anymore surveys smh   Full Review                    Mya Clay  July 16, 2017                         I can't even use it. It won't log in into Facebook keeps says login error   Full Review                    Patricia Guthrie  January 25, 2017                         Love this app   Full Review                    Garrett Wong  February 22, 2017                         Easy and fun   Full Review                    shaniqua carwell  January 24, 2017                         Great   Full Review                    Sandra Randolph  November 12, 2016                        Gvn Cbh. H   Full Review                    Danielle Louis  October 15, 2016                        I tried to refer a few friends. I tried to refer a few friends and the referral link doesn't work. please fix it so I can post my link to instagram   Full Review                    Viv mca  November 3, 2016                         No surverys after redeeming first reward   Full Review                    Janet Darter  September 30, 2016                         After the first survey no other surveys. Been a week.   Full Review                    Zoe Brannon  September 25, 2016                        Scam You can't even rate anything,  every time I click to rate, it just brings you to an info screen   Full Review             Review deleted         What's New  This update includes many bug fixes and performance improvements in order to provide better experience. Be sure to keep look out new surveys to win exclusive prizes.    Read more               Additional information     Updated January 18, 2017   Installs   500 - 1,000     Current Version  1.0.0     Requires Android       4.1 and up       Content Rating Everyone Learn more   Permissions  View details    Report  Flag as inappropriate     Offered By  Trendsetter    Developer    Visit website   Email mail@trendsetterdata.com   Privacy Policy             Similar                 Pre-ordered            TiZKKA fashion, ideas, outfits    Roupologia, Inc.    1  Free       Your outfit ideas and fashion app. Discover fashion, outfits and clothes to buy.                  1  Free               Show More      ©2017 Google  Site Terms of Service  Privacy  Developers  Artists  About Google   By purchasing this item, you are transacting with Google Payments and agreeing to the Google Payments  Terms of Service  and  Privacy Notice .        

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












TiZKKA: Articles, Info, Video | Fast Company











Fast CompanyNewsletterSubscribefast companyhomepagetechnologyleadershipentertainmentideasvideonewsco.Designhomepagecitiesgraphicsinnovation by designinteractiveproductspacescollectionsThe Most Innovative CompaniesThe top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more.Most Creative PeopleMeet this year's inspiring leaders.Innovation By DesignA showcase for ingenious design solutions.Future of PhilanthropyInside The Changing World Of GivingWorld Changing IdeasNew workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system.Work SmartThe apps, tips, tactics, and brain hacks to help you work smarter instead of harder.FastCo.Works StudioAn award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers who tell brand stories through Fast Company’s distinctive lens.Current IssueCurrent IssueSUBSCRIBEFollow us:advertisementMost Innovative CompaniesTiZKKALatin America has a bustling e-commerce scene, but TiZKKA (formerly Roupologia) saw an open niche for a personal stylist app that brings together fashion and social media. TiZKKA bridges the gap between fashion enthusiasts and fashion experts by offering a social platform to exchange ideas and solicit style feedback in real time. Users can use the app to follow designer brands and engage with fashion bloggers and professionals.Awards2016: Latin AmericaRead MoreadvertisementadvertisementIdeasIdeasWhat Little Free Pantries Say About Hunger In AmericaIdeasThis Dam Has Been A Disaster–Can Turning It Into a Solar Plant Save It?IdeasAutomated Buses Are Here, Now We Have To Decide How They Will Reshape Our CitiesEntertainmentEntertainment“Stranger Things 2” Thriller, Gucci Goes Trekkie: The Top 5 Ads Of The WeekEntertainmentKesha Goes Back Into Old Home Movies In New Anti-Nostalgic Music VideoEntertainmentPanorama Is Around The Corner: This Week In MusicCo.DesignGraphicsThis Photo Captures Every Color In A Single Twinkling StarGraphicsThe Designer Of The Transgender Flag Is A Navy VeteranProductDesigners Are Forgetting One Major Element Of The Design ProcessFast CompanyLeadershipScoop! This Woman Tastes Ice Cream For A LivingEntertainment“Stranger Things 2” Thriller, Gucci Goes Trekkie: The Top 5 Ads Of The WeekIdeasWhat Little Free Pantries Say About Hunger In America








	TIZKKA Trademark of Roupologia, Inc.. Serial Number: 86459459 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Products & Electr...
TIZKKA










 
Get FREE email alerts













TIZKKA  Trademark Information
 Roupologia, Inc.
Computer application software for mobile phones, namely, software that allows users to create, upload, bookmark, view, annotate, and share data, information and media content, all in the fields of fashion and fashion advice
Advertising agencies specializing in mobile application services through online, mobile phone and electronic media platforms




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
Advertising,  Business & Retail Services





Words that describe this mark
application   software   mobile   phones         software   allows   users   create      upload      bookmark      view      annotate      share   data      information   media   content       
                                    




This is a brand page for the TIZKKA trademark by Roupologia, Inc. 
                                in Miami, FL, 20333.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this TIZKKA trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Roupologia, Inc. of the TIZKKA trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the TIZKKA trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, November 19, 2014,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        TIZKKA by 
                        Roupologia, Inc., Miami, FL  20333.
                        The USPTO has given the TIZKKA 
                        trademark serial  number of  86459459.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for TIZKKA is 
                        
                        
                                            MATTHEW J. MOISAN, ESQ. of 
                                            MOISAN LEGAL P.C.,  4518 COURT SQ STE 400, LONG ISLAND CITY, NY 11101-4347 
                                .
                            The TIZKKA trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
                                , 
                                    Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for TIZKKA 
                            is Computer application software for mobile phones, namely, software that allows users to create, upload, bookmark, view, annotate, and share data, information and media content, all in the fields of fashion and fashion advice. 
                            





Word mark:
 TIZKKA


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

1/19/2016



  Serial Number:  
86459459


  Filing Date:  
11/19/2014


 Registration Number:  
4887871 


 Registration Date:  
1/19/2016


 Goods and Services: 
Computer application software for mobile phones, namely, software that allows users to create, upload, bookmark, view, annotate, and share data, information and media content, all in the fields of fashion and fashion advice


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
11/3/2015


Last Applicant/Owner:

Roupologia, Inc.Miami, FL  20333
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


MATTHEW J. MOISAN, ESQ.
MOISAN LEGAL P.C.
4518 COURT SQ STE 400
LONG ISLAND CITY, NY 11101-4347






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (009) - Scientific, nautical, surveying, photographic, cinematographic, optical, weighing, measuring, signalling, checking (supervision), life-saving and teaching apparatus and instruments; apparatus and instruments for conducting, switching, transforming, accumulating, regulating or controlling electricity; apparatus for recording, transmission or reproduction of sound or images; magnetic data carriers, recording discs; automatic vending machines and mechanisms for coin operated apparatus; cash registers, calculating machines, data processing equipment and computers; fire extinguishing apparatus.


First Use Anywhere: 
11/17/2014


First Use In Commerce: 
11/18/2014




Primary Class: 
 Class (035) - Advertising; business management; business administration; office functions. 


First Use Anywhere: 
11/17/2014


First Use In Commerce: 
11/18/2014





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your TIZKKA trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

1/19/2016
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



MATTHEW J. MOISAN, ESQ.


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of TIZKKA trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search tizkka on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for TIZKKA 




TIZKKA is providing Computer application software for mobile phones, namely, software that allows users to create, upload, bookmark, view, annotate, and share data, information and media content, all in the fields of fashion and fashion advice.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Roupologia,+Inc. Free download Android APK games and apps - downloadAPK.net












































FREE download Android APK files



×
Hi there! downloadapk.net is NO.1 download APK network. We store over 3 millions APK files, update every minute.
We provide fastest download service and guarantee for safe installation.



Apps of "Roupologia, Inc."


Downloads
Trending
Newest













Download TiZKKA fashion, ideas, outfits 4.5.13 APK



4.5.13






500.000++







Showing page 1 of 1





1



























HEED Fashion: Curate Your Personal Style by Heed, LLC





































































For proper use of this site, you need to enable javascript in your browser!

You are using an outdated browser. Please
    upgrade your browser to improve your experience.







Get personalized tips and fashion advice from top designers and stylists.







HEED Fashion: Curate Your Personal Style
by Heed, LLC








































































iPhone


Removed from the App Store
      









HEED: The Latest Fashion Trends and Style Advice gives you live streams of runway shows, personalized style advice, and exclusive beauty kits for purchase from top designers.







        What is it about?
      
With HEED: The Latest Fashion Trends and Style Advice, you can catch streams of runways shows from around the world. Upload a selfie and get personalized styling tips, then participate in the style challenge for a chance to win beauty products from top stylists. Check out the trends, see what designers are up to, and get answers to questions from the biggest industry names.



















          For those who...
        

Love to stay in the loop with fashion trends

Enjoy watching fashion shows




          Not for those who...
        

Are not interested in beauty and fashion tips or advice

Prefer their current style advice app









        Why we love it
      
Shop the trends, get personalized advice, and check out fashion coverage with the HEED: The Latest Fashion Trends and Style Advice app.







        App Screenshots
      





















        App Details
      


Version
4.0.5


Rating






(58)




Size
85Mb


Genre
 Lifestyle


Last updated
April 21, 2017


Release date
August 30, 2015


More info
















        App Store Description
      

HEED Fashion is your go-to app to help the fashion obsessed curate their personal style, offering access to shows, designers, stylists, and models with ground-breaking technology that’ll put a whole new spin on fashion, beauty, and more. Heed Fashion is an official partner of NYFW.This app uses cookies/device identifiers to function correctly. By using this app you agree to our use of cookies/device identifier technology.  For more information, please see our Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. If you do not agree to our use of cookies/device identifiers, please do not download or use our app.







      Get it for  FREE in the App Store
    






          Similar Apps to HEED Fashion
        









Fashion Tips!
Ankur Diyora









Fashion & Beauty
Dimitrije Petkovic









TiZKKA
Roupologia, Inc.









Look At Me
ErosLabs









Fashion and You!
Dimitrije Petkovic





















Nothing found :(
Try something else















































































































































































TiZKKA fashion, ideas, outfits | App Report on Mobile Action





































App Report for TiZKKA fashion, ideas, outfits


Play Store >
                Argentina >
                Roupologia, Inc. >
                TiZKKA fashion, ideas, outfits | App report
            





Argentina
















Ratings
Category
Price

                                        IAP
                                    
Store
Latest Update
Publisher





 
Lifestyle
FREE
No
Play Store
21 Jul 2017

Roupologia, Inc.










Visibility Score
                        







Share




Tweet




+1




Share












Play Store Description for Argentina

TiZKKA is a social fashion platform that inspires you and helps you understand true fashion. Fashion lovers from all over Latin America come together on the #1 Fashion App to show off their style and trends, sharing their own looks, giving advice, and growing as fashionistas. This is your community if you are looking to get inspired, share your outfits, and contribute to the fashion world. TiZKKA - word derived from Icelandic «tíska» meaning "fashion", noun. Get Inspired - Get inspired with looks that are curated to fit your style and love for trends Learn - Learn about trends, fashion, and everything that will help you dress just the way you want Discover - Discover the latest trends of the fashion world Share - Share your looks with the community Want to learn what fits your body type best? How to match better? Want to know what shoes are in style? Discover and learn how to match the right colors for your next outfit and shoes, wearing what is right for you and giving you the right mentality! Where can I find beauty tips? What makeup works for my skin tone? Get you dose of lifestyle and wellness by reading the latest articles and videos from only the best sources: Vogue, Elle, Cosmopolitan, just to name a few. What the users have to say: Silvi - “This really inspires me and also helps me with the right technical advice.” Ximena - “A great app… I love how I can discover ideas for my next look and every occasion.” Laura - “I love it!. I have always wanted an app with great style. Thank you!” Monica - “I like TiZKKA because it tells me what is trending, how to dress, and also match colores.” Fabiana - “Fascinating! I downloaded it out of curiosity because my friends were using, they told me that it was fabulous. I was not disappointed, not only do I see great looks and accessories, but it has a Magazine section with articles and videos about exterior beauty but internal beauty as well!. Super recomendable!”



Version History of TiZKKA fashion, ideas, outfits





What's New
                                    Continuing with the evolution of TiZKKA, we will be updating the version regularly. We take all feedback seriously and try to improve the app as quick as possible… the devil is in the details! TiZKKA was built for you and we really put our back into it. Love and a good pair of shoes, - Team TiZKKA                                

No version history is available for this app.


Show All 










Screenshots of TiZKKA fashion, ideas, outfits in Argentina



























About TiZKKA fashion, ideas, outfits


                    Here is an analysis of app TiZKKA fashion, ideas, outfits from publisher Roupologia, Inc.
                    found in the Play Store of Argentina. Find out why
                    TiZKKA fashion, ideas, outfits is ranked 27 in
                    LIFESTYLE - Free for Argentina on
                    20 Jul 2017. Read the full description,
                    version history, screenshots, keywords and more for TiZKKA fashion, ideas, outfits.
                










Find more on our dashboard.






                            ASO Intelligence
                        





                            Keyword Intelligence
                        





                            Market Intelligence
                        





                            Custom Alerts
                        





                            Top Charts
                        




Register Free










TiZKKA fashion, ideas, outfits Daily Keyword Distribution
                        







                            Check the daily keyword distribution of TiZKKA fashion, ideas, outfits in the Argentina                            Play Store or any other country with our App Store Optimization Report.
                            See the daily changes in the number of keywords that your app's ranking for, and use it to
                            choose new keywords. Here's how TiZKKA fashion, ideas, outfits is doing in Argentina:
                        


                                    Ranking in the Top 1 for
                                    0 keywords in Argentina


                                    Ranking in the Top 5 for
                                    0 keywords in Argentina


                                    Ranking in the Top 10 for
                                    0 keywords in Argentina


                                    Ranking in the Top 50 for
                                    3 keywords in Argentina


                                    Ranking in the Top 100 for
                                    3 keywords in Argentina


                                    Ranking in the Top 250 for
                                    7 keywords in Argentina






Wednesday
Yesterday
Today
















                        Category Ranking Trends for TiZKKA fashion, ideas, outfits                        






Last Week
This Week






Date
LIFESTYLE - Free




13 Jul 2017
27


14 Jul 2017
27


15 Jul 2017
25


16 Jul 2017
27


17 Jul 2017
27


18 Jul 2017
27


19 Jul 2017
27


20 Jul 2017
27






See details





                        Check out daily rankings of TiZKKA fashion, ideas, outfits in Play Store for
                        across all supported countries and get a breakdown by country including Argentina.
                        See all data in one page and use it to localize your app and out rank TiZKKA fashion, ideas, outfits.
                    

SIGN UP FOR FREE













                        Review/Rating Trends of TiZKKA fashion, ideas, outfits in Argentina                        






Last Week Rating Distribution



Rating
Count




★★★★★
0


★★★★
0


★★★
0


★★
1


★
0




                            Last Week Average Rating is: 2.00


                            Find out what users in Argentina think of TiZKKA fashion, ideas, outfits. Search reviews by
                            keyword, filter by country and understand the most loved/hated features of this app.
                        

SIGN UP FOR FREE




Last Week Review Distribution





Date
Negative
Positive




18 Jul 2017
1
0







Last Week

This Week



See details















                        Top Keywords for TiZKKA fashion, ideas, outfits in Argentina                        













Top Keywords for TiZKKA fashion, ideas, outfits on play and Argentina




ropa


estilo de vida


lifestyle tech


maquillaje


articulos


citas con mujeres


citas con hombres





See details





                        Discover what keywords TiZKKA fashion, ideas, outfits is ranking for in Argentina with our Top Keywords
                        Ranking tool. Use this information to help decide what keywords you should be target in
                        Argentina.
                    

SIGN UP FOR FREE









Find out how your app compares to TiZKKA fashion, ideas, outfits in the Argentina Play Store today!
Get Started






























Create Account














 Please Register! 

Please register to access all data and more features

REGISTER
































