
    Shell Global | Shell Global                                                Skip to main content        Home - Shell Global              Search     What are you looking for?     Submit      Top searches    Safety Data Sheets     Loyalty     Annual Reports     Shell Eco-marathon     Careers      Your recent searches    How can we help?     Job search       Students and graduates       Shell station locator       Shell credit cards                                    Bridges to the future of energy   In this speech in Istanbul, Turkey, Shell's Chief Executive Ben van Beurden emphasises the importance of taking a global perspective on the challenge of tackling climate change.              Next stop Australia: Prelude sets sail   Powerful tugboats pull Shell’s floating liquefied natural gas facility 5,800 kilometres from South Korea to Western Australia.              The hyperactive child who never gave up   Johari bin Brahim used the skills he acquired from Shell LiveWIRE Brunei to launch two businesses and has just won a $24 million contract. He tells Inside Energy why he’s not stopping there.              The Paris agreement: can it survive?   It is crucial that the Paris agreement remains in place, says Shell’s Chief Climate Change Advisor David Hone. It underpins the need for the ongoing energy transition to also deliver a world of net-zero emissions.        Previous   Next     0          How can we help?     Job search     Shell station locator     Shell credit cards            Featured content                 A drive for cleaner air   Hydrogen cars could play a key role in the future of transport. But what are they like to drive?                Shell’s Sustainability and Annual Report   Read our 2016 documents to discover how we work responsibly to meet the world’s growing demand for more and cleaner energy.                A record-breaking offshore lift   After decades supplying oil and gas, some North Sea platforms are nearing the end of their lives. See how the 24,200-tonne Brent Delta was lifted and carried to an industrial recycling centre more than 700 kilometres away.                 Asia’s quest for a cleaner future   Inside Energy interviews experts about the challenges facing Japan - an economic powerhouse with few energy resources of its own.              Latest news          Shell to divest Upstream interests in Ireland for up to $1.23 billion   Jul 12, 2017         Shell purchases deep-water production and storage vessel   Jul 11, 2017         Prelude FLNG begins its journey to Australia   Jun 29, 2017         Shell welcomes report on climate-related transparency   Jun 29, 2017                   Inspiring the next generation of female engineers  Katie Clasen is an Operations Support Engineer in California, USA. A commitment to community and innovation were among the values that inspired her to join Shell. “My voice is now part of the global conversation about how to address future energy needs in a sustainable way”.    Read Katie’s story                         You may also be interested in                 Our major projects                  Natural gas                  Innovating together                  Shell credit cards                                   
    Careers | Shell Global                                                Skip to main content        Home - Shell Global           Search     What are you looking for?     Submit      Top searches    Safety Data Sheets     Loyalty     Annual Reports     Shell Eco-marathon     Careers      Your recent searches    How can we help?     Job search       Students and graduates       Shell station locator       Shell credit cards                                    Careers    Explore opportunities to take your career to the next level. Whether you are a student, a graduate or an experienced professional. Discover the impact you could make with a career at Shell.            Inside careers                 Experienced professionals   Enhance your career development as an experienced professional with Shell and continue on your path to reach your full potential.                 Students and graduates   Are you a remarkable student or graduate with less than three years’ experience? Join us as we explore and discover better energy solutions together.                           Global operations and maintenance   Operations and Maintenance jobs at Shell are on the front line of Shell’s global activities and ground-breaking projects.                Shell Business Operations   Shell Business Operations offers unique opportunities to influence Shell’s business solutions worldwide.                 Life at Shell   Meet, and be inspired by, our innovators, adventurers and explorers across the world. Discover their stories and get an insight into careers at Shell.                Diversity and inclusion   Our teams are more diverse than ever and being part of an inclusive, supportive work environment will ensure you are able to develop your career and reach your potential.                               Shell Graduate Programme: New Application Process   Read the transcript   Title:  Shell Graduate Programme- New Application Process Duration: 3:14 minutes Description: A step-by-step guide to applying for the Shell Graduate Programme.  [Background music plays] Gentle instrumental music with strings, building to an anthemic style before gentling once again. [Text displays] Make the Future [Animated sequence] The text previously filling the screen increasingly reduces in size, to be centred against the background of a blue and white graphic of the earth, all centred on a white background. Around the circular graphic of the earth, a band of numerous symbols and graphics circles around the earth while faint lines radiate out from the circle. Presentation by Deanna [Deanna] Hi, I’m Deanna. Welcome to Shell. [Video footage with animated sequence] Mid-view of Deanna speaking into the camera, seen against a white background, animated coloured particles radiating out from her image as she appears. A speech bubble displays text at upper frame-right. [Text displays] Welcome to Shell [Deanna] Today, I’m going to take you through the steps for applying to the Shell Graduate Programme. [Video footage with animated sequence] Continuing footage of Deanna, as before. A graphic depicting a smartphone appears at lower frame-left, connects with a faint grey line to a red circle, which in turn connects to the footage of Deanna. Another grey line reaches from the top of the red circle to text which displays at upper frame-left against inside a yellow frame. At frame right, a grey line extends again from the footage of Deanna towards three cascading graphics depicting documents, numbered 1, 2 and 3. All the graphics move to the centre of the frame to exit behind the footage of Deanna. [Text displays] Shell Graduate Program / 1 2 3 [Deanna] Just some tips from me before we start. We’re so much more than an energy company, so do your research and update your CV accordingly. [Video footage with animated sequence] Continuing footage of Deanna, as before. Various animated graphics appear and disappear at various points around the footage of Deanna, each contained in a circular bubble with lines radiating out from the circle. The images, in order of appearance, depict an oil derrick, a platform at sea, wind turbines, solar panels, a molecule, a beaker containing fluid, a microscope, a lightbulb. [Deanna] Here at Shell we are searching for ways to meet the energy needs of the future. Taking on challenges to help the world progress is what we have done since the day we started. [Animated sequence] The blue and white graphic of the earth appears again, centred on the white background and ringed with the band of symbols and graphics with faint lines circling the outside of the circle. The graphic of the earth slowly turns green, and the faint circling lines continue circling but open a channel out towards frame-right via which the ring of symbols and graphics start to exit the frame. [Deanna] You’ll find loads of stuff on the Shell website to help you find a programme suited to you, including the Degree Matcher, which pretty much does what it says. It guides you on a match between your degree discipline with our skill-pool disciplines. [Animated sequence] The frame swipes towards frame-left, and a chequered blue background appears, and the various symbols and graphics slowly fill up each square in the frame. Three of the squares become highlighted in yellow as Deanna speaks about the Degree Matcher. That highlighting disappears, and another four squares become highlighted in yellow. Again, the highlighting disappears and another four squares become highlighted in yellow. Two of the highlighted squares containing the recycling and female symbol expand to fill the screen, before the frame swipes towards frame-left. [Deanna] When you are ready, the next step is the application form, which takes about 10 mins to complete. [Video footage with animated sequence] Wide view footage of Deanna, seen against the white background. A graphic depicting a document or webpage appears at upper frame-left and connects with a faint grey line to the footage of Deanna. Another grey line extends at frame-right to a circle containing an hourglass graphic, then extends from the bottom of the graphic, downwards, to connect with the LinkedIn icon, again extending below the LinkedIn icon, downwards, to connect with another graphic depicting a webpage or document. All the graphics move to the centre of the frame to exit behind the footage of Deanna. [Deanna] If you’re on LinkedIn, save time by simply pulling across your profile. [Video footage with animated sequence] The number 1 appears at frame-left, alongside the footage of Deanna, surrounded by moving circular lines. Graphics depicting three webpages or documents cascade at frame-right, the documents displaying the numbers 1, 2 and 3. Next, the cascade of the three documents reduces in size as an envelope appears at lower frame-right and expands in size, and the three documents move down into the waiting envelope. Yellow lines radiate from the envelope. [Text displays] 1 / 1 2 3 [Deanna] After you’ve submitted your online application, you’ll go through to Stage 1 where you’re asked to complete three online assessments. You’ll get an email to guide you through this, but in a nutshell these are: [Video footage with animated sequence] The flap of the envelope graphic at frame-right closes and the closed envelope moves towards upper frame-right, while a smartphone graphic appears at lower frame-right. The number 1 still appears at frame-left as before, alongside the footage of Deanna. The envelope graphic then moves downward to disappear into the smartphone’s screen. The smartphone graphic expands in size to fill frame-right. The @ sign on the smartphone display is replaced by the envelope graphic, an arrow pointing towards the right of the smartphone display, with the word “Sent” beneath the arrow. Next, the graphics at frame-left and frame-right reduce in size until they disappear. [Text displays] 1 / Sent [Deanna] One, a general cognitive test, with numerical and verbal abstract reasoning; [Video footage with animated sequence] Close-up of Deanna speaking into the camera, seen against the white background. Blue dotted lines snake out from behind the footage of Deanna connected respectively, at frame-left, to an equation, a block of text and a grey circle containing four symbols, and at frame-right, to a lightbulb graphic and a bar graph. [Text displays] Cognitive Test / y2+9y-36=0 / Cognition /kɒg'nɪʃ(ə)n/ noun The mental action or process of acquiring and understanding knowledge. [Deanna] Two, an assessment of your ‘working style’; [Video footage with animated sequence] Close-up of Deanna speaking into the camera, seen against the white background. Several words move across the white background, from frame-left to frame-right, passing behind the footage of Deanna. [Text displays] Working Style Assessment [Deanna] And three, a self-recorded video submission. This is where you can show us who you are by answering interview questions from our graduates. [Video footage with animated sequence] Close-up of Deanna speaking into the camera, seen against the white background. Grey lines extend out from behind the footage of Deanna to connect to graphics at frame-left and frame-right respectively. The graphic at frame-left is of a smartphone, and the graphic at frame-right is of a webpage indicating a video playing. The graphics move to the centre of the frame to exit behind the footage of Deanna. [Text displays] Video Submission [Deanna] Altogether these will take about 40 minutes and you’ll need to complete them within 10 days of receiving them. [Video footage with animated sequence] Close-up of Deanna speaking into the camera, seen against the white background. The graphic of a clock face appears at upper frame-left and the clock hands move to signify the passage of time, also highlighted in yellow. The graphic of a calendar appears at frame-right, ten blocks highlighted in red to indicate number of days. The graphics exit the frame, one after the other. [Text displays] 40 min [Deanna] Our graduate recruitment team will then review your application and let you know if you are through to the next and final step. [Video footage with animated sequence] Close-up of Deanna speaking into the camera, seen against the white background. The graphic of an eye appears at frame-left, and a monocle graphic moves up to frame the eye as the eyeball moves from side to side. A graphic of three arms and hands giving the thumbs up symbol displays at frame-right. The graphics exit the frame, one by one. [Deanna] This is our live virtual session – essentially an online interview – with two Shell employees and a case study to discuss. This is where you have a chance to get to know us, and for us to get to know you even better, so expect this part to take around two hours. We’ll tell you more about this closer to the time so you can prepare. [Animated sequence] An ‘on air’ graphic appears at the top of the frame against a white background. The word ‘you’ appears and expands to fill the centre of the screen, and colourful lines circle the word. The number 2 appears at upper frame-left, also with coloured lines circling the number. Three smaller graphics appear, all also respectively surrounding with coloured circling lines – a speech bubble graphic appears at lower frame left, a clipboard graphic at upper frame-right and a live chat-type icon with two figures appears at lower frame-right. The three smaller graphics exit the frame, one by one, and a band of symbols and graphics begins to slowly circle around the word ‘you,’ forming a closed circle before slowly dissolving into the background. The number 2 and the word ‘you’ reduce in size and disappear. [Text displays] On Air / 2 / You [Deanna] If you are successful, first of all, congratulations! [Animated sequence] A yellow banner displays the word ‘congratulations’ against the white background, and coloured confetti fills the screen. [Text displays] Congratulations [Deanna] We’ll invite you to your nearest Shell office so you can see where you will be working, your future manager and other successful graduates. It’s a great opportunity to really get a feel for the place. [Animated sequence] Blue and white graphic of the earth, centred on a white background. Red map location markers appear at various points across all continents on the graphic of the earth. Zoom into a particular yellow location marker until the yellow fills the frame, a graphic of a high-rise building filling the white circle in the centre as the word ‘welcome’ appears centre screen. Zoom into one of the buildings of the high-rise building to show a graphic of two people standing alongside one another in an office, coffee cups in hand. The graphic pans towards the left to reveal two more people in the office, all drinking coffee as they talk. [Text displays] Welcome. [Deanna] That’s it from us for now. You’ve now got the key information you need to get started with your application. Good luck, and perhaps the next time we meet it will be as colleagues! [Video footage with animated sequence] Close-up of Deanna speaking into the camera, seen against the white background. A graphic of a document appears at frame-left, blue lines depicting a checklist, alongside which green check marks appear. A speech bubble appears at upper frame-right, displaying text. The graphics move to the centre of the frame to exit behind the footage of Deanna. [Text displays] Good luck [Audio] Shell jingle. [Graphic] Shell Pecten centred on a white background.                       Global Minimum Standard for Maternity Leave Shell proudly celebrates the launch of the global minimum standard for paid maternity leave.   Discover our Minimum Maternity Leave Standard              New Graduate Recruitment Process launched Our fully digital recruitment process for Students and Graduates has gone live on April 1st, 2017. Go from application to offer in just a few weeks.   Find out more or Apply              Sharing my disability let me be myself Joe Hansen turned dyslexia into something that brings a fresh perspective to the table     Read Joe's Inspiring Story              Shell Graduate Programme interactive guide Discover more about the Shell Graduate Programme, including tips for success, in our interactive guide.   Download the Shell Graduate Programme interactive guide              Shell grad back on campus Emil joined Shell from Delft University to become a Well Site Drilling Engineer. Now he’s back on campus inspiring others.   Read how Emil is inspiring graduates.              A meaningful career that makes a difference Robin Bryden, Global Expertise Lead on Behavioural Safety, talks about a career dedicated to protecting Shell’s people.   Read Robin’s story and discover more              Shining a light on an invisible disability Sometimes the hardest disabilities to live with are the ones you can't see. Read this Shell colleague’s story.   Read about overcoming an invisible disability         Previous   Next     0           Hot jobs             You may also be interested in          Contact us   If you need assistance and information relating to your application or the recruitment process you can contact us.         Recruitment scams   This is an important notice on fraudulent communications that have been made to members of the public.         Careers FAQs   Explore our Frequently Asked Questions and discover the answers you're searching for.                                  
    Shell credit cards | Shell Global                                                Skip to main content        Home - Shell Global           Search     What are you looking for?     Submit      Top searches    Safety Data Sheets     Loyalty     Annual Reports     Shell Eco-marathon     Careers      Your recent searches    How can we help?     Job search       Students and graduates       Shell station locator       Shell credit cards                                    Shell credit cards    Shell credit cards offer rewards for your purchases at Shell and provide a more secure way to do your shopping. Filling up has never been so rewarding!          Select your country        Brazil    Brazil card services      Canada    Canada card services      Denmark    Denmark card services      Malaysia    Malaysia card services      Norway    Norway card services      Philippines    Philippines card services      United States    Unites States card services            Share this    Twitter    Facebook    LinkedIn    Google+            More in Motorists                 Shell station locator   More than 20 million customers a day visit Shell service stations for fuels, motor oils, car care products and more.                Shell engine oils and lubricants   Shell is the number one global lubricant supplier and has a 70-year history of innovation. Explore Shell’s range of engine oils and lubricants for cars, motorcycles, trucks and more.        Shell fuels Shell oils and lubricants Shell credit cards Loyalty Shell station locator Find the right oil Shell motorist app Motorsports                              
    Shell fuel cards | Shell Global                                                Skip to main content        Home - Shell Global           Search     What are you looking for?     Submit      Top searches    Safety Data Sheets     Loyalty     Annual Reports     Shell Eco-marathon     Careers      Your recent searches    How can we help?     Job search       Students and graduates       Shell station locator       Shell credit cards                                 Shell fuel cards    With a global network and a range of services to help you reduce costs, the Shell Fuel Card can help you do business wherever you are.          Login, apply now or contact us     Login to Shell Fuel Card online     Register for a global account today     Use the contact form to talk to us            Inside Shell Fuel Cards                 Visit your local Shell website   Find a fleet fuel card that fits your needs perfectly.                Global Shell fuel cards   Get instant, ongoing access to a range of outstanding fuels, products and business services across the world’s largest fuels retail network.                       Best Practice for Motorcyclists Motorbikes are not only popular for commuting, but are recognised as a hobby with many enthusiasts riding for pleasure, particularly in the summer months.   Read more about best practice         Previous   Next     0            Featured content                 Shell station locator   More than 20 million customers a day visit Shell service stations for fuels, motor oils, car care products and more.                Shell Drivers Club   Reward yourself with money off Shell fuel.                Shell Motorist app   From great journey destinations to expert vehicle information and everything in between – we’ve got you covered.                                  
    Motorists | Shell Global                                                Skip to main content        Home - Shell Global           Search     What are you looking for?     Submit      Top searches    Safety Data Sheets     Loyalty     Annual Reports     Shell Eco-marathon     Careers      Your recent searches    How can we help?     Job search       Students and graduates       Shell station locator       Shell credit cards                                    Motorists    From our wide range of fuels and motor oils to credit card services that make it easy to fill up when you're on the go, Shell helps you get the most out of every drop. Use the Shell Station Locator to find your nearest Shell Service station and discover the products and services available in your country.          Inside Motorists                 Shell fuels   When you fill up with Shell fuel, you can relax in the knowledge that our scientists have spent decades researching ways to help you get more out of every drop.                Shell engine oils and lubricants   Shell is the number one global lubricant supplier and has a 70-year history of innovation. Explore Shell’s range of engine oils and lubricants for cars, motorcycles, trucks and more.                           Shell credit cards   Shell credit cards offer rewards for your purchases at Shell and provide a more secure way to do your shopping. Filling up has never been so rewarding!                Loyalty   With Shell loyalty programmes in 16 countries, customers can collect points when they visit Shell, and convert these into their choice of rewards.                Motoring tips and advice   Keep your vehicle safe and on the road for longer with our handy tips for cars and motorcycles.               Shell station locator     Find the right oil            Featured content                 Motorsports   Shell's technical partnership with Scuderia Ferrari, race and rider profiles for the Shell Advance Asia Talent Cup and follow the Ducati team.                Shell Motorist app   From great journey destinations to expert vehicle information and everything in between – we’ve got you covered.                Shell station locator   More than 20 million customers a day visit Shell service stations for fuels, motor oils, car care products and more.                                  
    Business customers | Shell Global                                                Skip to main content        Home - Shell Global           Search     What are you looking for?     Submit      Top searches    Safety Data Sheets     Loyalty     Annual Reports     Shell Eco-marathon     Careers      Your recent searches    How can we help?     Job search       Students and graduates       Shell station locator       Shell credit cards                                    Business customers    We supply advanced transport, heating and industrial fuels to corporate and distributing companies in many industries worldwide including transport, mining, manufacturing, power generation and home energy.          Inside Business Customers                 Aviation   Every year at around 900 airports in about 36 countries, Shell Aviation provides fuel for almost 2 million aircraft, refueling an aircraft every 14 seconds.                Shell Bitumen   For over 90 years, Shell has been a leader in bitumen solutions and has developed a broad portfolio of product and service offerings customised to the needs of the road, roofing and airport sectors and some specialty applications.                Shell Chemicals   Shell Chemicals focuses on producing basic or “building-block” chemicals, for sale in bulk to other chemicals companies or industries.                Commercial fuels   We supply advanced transport, heating and industrial fuels to corporate and distributing companies in many industries worldwide including transport, mining, manufacturing, power generation and home energy.                          Shell Global Solutions   Shell Global Solutions helps improve its customers' business performance by providing leading-edge energy consulting and innovative technology.                Lubricants for businesses   Find out about the expert advice, support and case studies we provide through our lubricant-related services that are helping companies like yours every day.                Marine   We offer integrated solutions that combine innovative products and technical services for your marine operation needs                Shell Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG)   Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG) is a valuable energy source that is used worldwide for numerous business applications in industry and transportation.                          Shell Sulphur Solutions   Find out how Shell Sulphur Solutions can support your business.                Shell Trading and Supply   Shell Trading Supports the Shell businesses by trading natural gas, electrical power, crude oil, refined products, chemical feedstocks and environmental products.                Shell for suppliers   Building strong relationships with our contractors and suppliers is essential to delivering new projects and running our operations.                Shell fuel cards   With a global network and a range of services to help you reduce costs, the Shell Fuel Card can help you do business wherever you are.                                   


Royal Dutch Shell - Wikipedia






















 






Royal Dutch Shell

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Royal Dutch Shell plc)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Shell Company" redirects here. It is not to be confused with Shell corporation.

Royal Dutch Shell plc





Headquarters in The Hague, Netherlands




Type

Public limited company


Traded as
LSE: RDSA, RDSB
Euronext: RDSA, RDSB
NYSE: RDS.A, RDS.B
FTSE 100 Component


ISIN
GB00B03MLX29


Industry
Oil and gas


Predecessor
Royal Dutch Petroleum Co. (1890)
The Shell Transport and Trading Company Limited (1897)


Founded
February 1907; 110 years ago (1907-02)


Headquarters
The Hague, Netherlands
(Headquarters)
Shell Centre, London, England
(Registered office)



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Charles O. Holliday (Chairman)
Ben van Beurden (CEO)


Products
Petroleum, natural gas, and other petrochemicals


Revenue
 US$233.6 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$2.36 billion (2016)[1]


Profit
 US$4.57 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$411.2 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$186.6 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

93,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
Shell Australia
Shell South Africa
Shell Canada
Shell Chemicals
Shell Gas & Power
Shell Hong Kong
Shell Nigeria
Shell Oil Company
Shell Pakistan


Website
www.shell.com


Royal Dutch Shell plc (LSE: RDSA, RDSB), commonly known as Shell, is a British–Dutch multinational oil and gas company headquartered in the Netherlands and incorporated in the United Kingdom.[2] It is one of the six oil and gas "supermajors" and the sixth-largest company in the world measured by 2016 revenues (and the largest based in Europe).[1] Shell was first in the 2013 Fortune Global 500 list of the world's largest companies;[3] in that year its revenues were equivalent to 84% of the Netherlands' $556 billion GDP.[4]
Shell is vertically integrated and is active in every area of the oil and gas industry, including exploration and production, refining, distribution and marketing, petrochemicals, power generation and trading. It also has renewable energy activities in the form of biofuels[5] and wind.[6] Shell has operations in over 70 countries, produces around 3.7 million barrels of oil equivalent per day and has 44,000 service stations worldwide.[7][8] As of 31 December 2014, Shell had total proved reserves of 13.7 billion barrels (2.18×109 m3) of oil equivalent.[8][note 1] Shell Oil Company, its principal subsidiary in the United States, is one of its largest businesses.[9] Shell holds 50% of Raízen, a joint venture with Cosan, which is the third-largest Brazil-based energy company by revenues and a major producer of ethanol.[10]
Shell was formed in 1907 through the amalgamation of the Royal Dutch Petroleum Company of the Netherlands and the "Shell" Transport and Trading Company of the United Kingdom. Until its unification in 2005 the firm operated as a dual-listed company, whereby the British and Dutch companies maintained their legal existence but operated as a single-unit partnership for business purposes. Shell first entered the chemicals industry in 1929. In 1970 Shell acquired the mining company Billiton, which it subsequently sold in 1994 and now forms part of BHP Billiton. In recent decades gas exploration and production has become an increasingly important part of Shell's business.[11] Shell acquired BG Group in 2016, making it the world's largest producer of liquefied natural gas (LNG).[11]
Shell has a primary listing on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index. It had a market capitalisation of £185 billion at the close of trading on 30 December 2016, by far the largest of any company listed on the London Stock Exchange and among the highest of any company in the world.[12][13] It has secondary listings on Euronext Amsterdam and the New York Stock Exchange. As of January 2013, Shell's largest shareholder was Capital Research Global Investors with 9.85% ahead of BlackRock in second with 6.89%.[14] Shell's logo, known as the "pecten", is one of the most familiar commercial symbols in the world.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins
1.2 20th century
1.3 21st century
1.4 Environmental record
1.5 Climate change


2 Corporate affairs

2.1 Management
2.2 Name and logo

2.2.1 Logo evolution




3 Operations

3.1 Business groupings
3.2 Oil and gas activities
3.3 Sponsorships


4 Africa
5 Asia

5.1 Hong Kong
5.2 Malaysia
5.3 Philippines
5.4 Singapore


6 Europe

6.1 Ireland
6.2 Nordic countries
6.3 United Kingdom


7 North America
8 Australia
9 Alternative energy
10 Current projects

10.1 Arctic


11 Controversies

11.1 2004 overstatement of oil reserves
11.2 Corporate communications
11.3 Health and safety
11.4 Human rights
11.5 Arctic project

11.5.1 Kodiak
11.5.2 Polar Pioneer
11.5.3 Oil spills




12 See also
13 Notes
14 References
15 Bibliography
16 External links



History[edit]
Origins[edit]




Royal Dutch Petroleum dock in the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia)






The oil well at Pangkalan Brandan, North Sumatra is considered to be the origin of the Royal Dutch Shell.


The Royal Dutch Shell Group was created in February 1907 through the amalgamation of two rival companies: the Royal Dutch Petroleum Company of the Netherlands and the Shell Transport and Trading Company Limited of the United Kingdom.[15] It was a move largely driven by the need to compete globally with Standard Oil.[16] The Royal Dutch Petroleum Company was a Dutch company founded in 1890 to develop an oilfield in Pangkalan Brandan, North Sumatra,[17] and initially led by August Kessler, Hugo Loudon, and Henri Deterding. The "Shell" Transport and Trading Company (the quotation marks were part of the legal name) was a British company, founded in 1897 by Marcus Samuel, 1st Viscount Bearsted, and his brother Samuel Samuel.[18] Their father had owned an antique company in Houndsditch, London,[19] which expanded in 1833 to import and sell sea-shells, after which the company "Shell" took its name.[15][20]
For various reasons, the new firm operated as a dual-listed company, whereby the merging companies maintained their legal existence, but operated as a single-unit partnership for business purposes. The terms of the merger gave 60 percent ownership of the new group to the Dutch arm and 40 percent to the British.[21]
National patriotic sensibilities would not permit a full-scale merger or takeover of either of the two companies.[21] The Dutch company, Koninklijke Nederlandsche Petroleum Maatschappij at The Hague, was in charge of production and manufacture.[22] The British Anglo-Saxon Petroleum Company was based in London, to direct the transport and storage of the products.[22]
20th century[edit]




Shell benzine for Sir Ernest Henry Shackleton, Antarctic Expedition 1915.


During the First World War, Shell was the main supplier of fuel to the British Expeditionary Force.[23] It was also the sole supplier of aviation fuel and supplied 80 percent of the British Army's TNT.[23] It also volunteered all of its shipping to the British Admiralty.[23]
The German invasion of Romania in 1916 saw 17% of the group's worldwide production destroyed.[23]
In 1919, Shell took control of the Mexican Eagle Petroleum Company and in 1921 formed Shell-Mex Limited which marketed products under the "Shell" and "Eagle" brands in the United Kingdom. In 1929, Shell Chemicals was founded.[23] By the end of the 1920s, Shell was the world's leading oil company, producing 11 percent of the world's crude oil supply and owning 10 percent of its tanker tonnage.[23]
Shell Mex House was completed in 1931, and was the head office for Shell's marketing activity worldwide.[23] In 1932, partly in response to the difficult economic conditions of the times, Shell-Mex merged its UK marketing operations with those of British Petroleum to create Shell-Mex and BP,[24] a company that traded until the brands separated in 1975. Royal Dutch Company ranked 79th among United States corporations in the value of World War II military production contracts.[25]
The 1930s saw Shell's Mexican assets seized by the local government.[23] After the invasion of the Netherlands by Germany in 1940, the head office of the Dutch companies was moved to Curacao.[23] In 1945 Shell's Danish headquarters in Copenhagen, at the time being used by the Gestapo, was bombed by Royal Air Force Mosquitoes in Operation Carthage.[26]
Around 1952, Shell was the first company to purchase and use a computer in the Netherlands.[27] The computer, a Ferranti Mark 1*, was assembled and used at the Shell laboratory in Amsterdam. In 1970 Shell acquired the mining company Billiton, which it subsequently sold in 1994 and now forms part of BHP Billiton.[28]
21st century[edit]
In November 2004, following a period of turmoil caused by the revelation that Shell had been overstating its oil reserves, it was announced that the Shell Group would move to a single capital structure, creating a new parent company to be named Royal Dutch Shell plc, with its primary listing on the London Stock Exchange, a secondary listing on the Amsterdam Stock Exchange, its headquarters and tax residency in The Hague, Netherlands and its registered office in London. The unification was completed on 20 July 2005 and the original owners delisted their companies from the respective exchanges. On 20 July 2005, the Shell Transport & Trading Company plc was delisted from the LSE,[29] where as, Royal Dutch Petroleum Company from NYSE on 18 November 2005.[30] The shares of the company were issued at a 60/40 advantage for the shareholders of Royal Dutch in line with the original ownership of the Shell Group.[31]
During the 2009 Iraqi oil services contracts tender, a consortium led by Shell (45%) and which included Petronas (30%) was awarded a production contract for the "Majnoon field" in the south of Iraq, which contains an estimated 12.6 billion barrels (2.00×109 m3) of oil.[32][33] The "West Qurna 1 field" production contract was awarded to a consortium led by ExxonMobil (60%) and included Shell (15%).[34]
In February 2010 Shell and Cosan formed a 50:50 joint-venture, Raízen, comprising all of Cosan's Brazilian ethanol, energy generation, fuel distribution and sugar activities, and all of Shell's Brazilian retail fuel and aviation distribution businesses.[35] In March 2010, Shell announced the sale of some of its assets, including its liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) business, to meet the cost of a planned $28bn capital spending programme. Shell invited buyers to submit indicative bids, due by 22 March, with a plan to raise $2–3bn from the sale.[36] In June 2010, Royal Dutch Shell agreed to acquire all the business of East Resources for a cash consideration of $4.7 billion. The transaction included East Resources' tight gas fields.[37]
Over the course of 2013, the corporation began the sale of its US shale gas assets and cancelled a US$20 billion gas project that was to be constructed in the US state of Louisiana. A new CEO Ben van Beurden was appointed in January 2014, prior to the announcement that the corporation's overall performance in 2013 was 38 per cent lower than 2012—the value of Shell's shares fell by 3 per cent as a result.[38] Following the sale of the majority of its Australian assets in February 2014, the corporation plans to sell a further US$15 billion worth of assets in the period leading up to 2015, with deals announced in Australia, Brazil and Italy.[39]
Royal Dutch Shell announced on 8 April 2015 it had agreed to buy BG Group for £47 billion (US$70 billion), subject to shareholder and regulatory approval.[40] The acquisition was completed in February 2016, resulting in Shell surpassing Chevron Corporation and becoming the world's second largest non-state oil company.[41]
On 7 June 2016, Royal Dutch Shell announced that it would build an ethane cracker plant near Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania after spending several years doing environmental cleanup of the proposed plant's site.[42]
In January 2017, Royal Dutch Shell agreed to sell £2.46bn worth of North Sea assets to oil exploration firm Chrysaor.[43] In 2017, Shell sold its oil sands assets to Canadian Natural Resources in exchange of approximately 8.8% stake in that company. In May 2017, it was reported that Shell plans to sell its shares in Canadian Natural Resources fully exiting the oil sands business.[44]
Environmental record[edit]
The presence of companies like Shell in the Niger-Delta has led to extreme environmental issues in the Niger Delta. Many pipelines in the Niger-Delta owned by Shell are old and corroded. Shell has acknowledged its responsibility for keeping the pipelines new but has also denied responsibility for environmental causes.[45] This has led to mass protests from the Niger-Delta inhabitants, Amnesty International, and Friends of the Earth Netherlands against Shell. It has also led to action plans to boycott Shell by environmental groups, and human rights groups.[46] In January 2013, a Dutch court rejected four out of five allegations brought against the firm over oil pollution in the Niger Delta but found a subsidiary guilty of one case of pollution, ordering compensation to be paid to a Nigerian farmer.[47]
On 15 January 1999, off the Argentinian town of Magdalena, Buenos Aires, the Shell tanker Estrella Pampeana collided with a German freighter, emptying its contents into the lake, polluting the environment, drinkable water, plants and animals. Over a decade after the spill, a referendum held in Magdalena determined the acceptance of a US$9.5 million compensatory payout from Shell.[48] Shell denied responsibility for the spill, but an Argentine court ruled in 2002 that the corporation was responsible.[49]
Shell joined the Global Climate Coalition of businesses opposed to greenhouse gas emission regulation. In 1989, Shell redesigned a $3-billion North Sea natural gas platform in the North Sea, raising its height one to two meters, to accommodate an anticipated sea level rise due to global warming.[50] In 2013, Royal Dutch Shell PLC reported CO2 emissions of 81 million metric tonnes.[51]
Shell is known to be processing oil from the Amazon region of South America, a large concern for environmentalists trying to protect the area. In the United States, the Martinez refinery (CA) and the Puget Sound Refinery (WA) carry Amazonian oil. In 2015, 14% of the Martinez refinery's gross, at 19,570 barrels per day, came from the Amazon. [52]
Climate change[edit]
In 2017, a public information film unseen for years resurfaced and showed Shell had clear grasp of global warming 26 years earlier but has not acted accordingly since, said critics. [53][54][55]
Corporate affairs[edit]
Management[edit]
On 4 August 2005, the board of directors announced the appointment of Jorma Ollila, chairman and CEO of Nokia at the time, to succeed Aad Jacobs as the company's non-executive chairman on 1 June 2006. Ollila is the first Shell chairman to be neither Dutch nor British. Other non-executive directors include Maarten van den Bergh, Wim Kok, Nina Henderson, Lord Kerr, Adelbert van Roxe, and Christine Morin-Postel.[56]
Since 3 January 2014, Ben van Beurden is CEO of Shell.[38] His Predecessor was Peter Voser who became CEO of Shell on 1 July 2009.[57]
Following a career at the corporation, in locations such as Australia and Africa, Ann Pickard was appointed as the executive vice president of the Arctic at Royal Dutch Shell, a role that was publicized in an interview with McKinsey & Company in June 2014.[58]
Name and logo[edit]
The name Shell is linked to The "Shell" Transport and Trading Company.[59] In 1833, the founder's father, Marcus Samuel Sr., founded an import business to sell seashells to London collectors. When collecting seashell specimens in the Caspian Sea area in 1892, the younger Samuel realised there was potential in exporting lamp oil from the region and commissioned the world's first purpose-built oil tanker, the Murex (Latin for a type of snail shell), to enter this market; by 1907 the company had a fleet. Although for several decades the company had a refinery at Shell Haven on the Thames, there is no evidence of this having provided the name.[60]
The Shell logo is one of the most familiar commercial symbols in the world. This logo is known as the "pecten" after the sea shell Pecten maximus (the giant scallop), on which its design is based. The yellow and red colours used are thought[61] to relate to the colours of the flag of Spain, as Shell built early service stations in California, previously a Spanish colony. The current revision of the logo was designed by Raymond Loewy in 1971.[62]
The slash was removed from the name "Royal Dutch/Shell" in 2005, concurrent with moves to merge the two legally separate companies (Royal Dutch and Shell) to the single legal entity which exists today.[63]
Logo evolution[edit]







1900









1904









1909









1930




Operations[edit]
Business groupings[edit]




Upstream activities currently generate around two-thirds of Shell's revenues


Shell is currently organised into four major business groupings:[64]

Upstream – manages the upstream business. It searches for and recovers crude oil and natural gas and operates the upstream and midstream infrastructure necessary to deliver oil and gas to the market. Its activities are organised primarily within geographic units, although there are some activities that are managed across the business or provided through support units.
Integrated Gas and New Energies – manages liquefying natural gas, converting gas to liquids and low-carbon opportunities.
Downstream – manages Shell's manufacturing, distribution and marketing activities for oil products and chemicals. Manufacturing and supply includes refinery, supply and shipping of crude oil.
Projects and technology – manages the delivery of Shell's major projects, provides technical services and technology capability covering both upstream and downstream activities. It is also responsible for providing functional leadership across Shell in the areas of health, safety and environment, and contracting and procurement.

Oil and gas activities[edit]




Former Shell oil depot in Kowloon, Hong Kong around the mid-1980s


Shell's primary business is the management of a vertically integrated oil company. The development of technical and commercial expertise in all stages of this vertical integration, from the initial search for oil (exploration) through its harvesting (production), transportation, refining and finally trading and marketing established the core competencies on which the company was founded. Similar competencies were required for natural gas, which has become one of the most important businesses in which Shell is involved, and which contributes a significant proportion of the company's profits. While the vertically integrated business model provided significant economies of scale and barriers to entry, each business now seeks to be a self-supporting unit without subsidies from other parts of the company.[65]
Traditionally, Shell was a heavily decentralised business worldwide (especially in the downstream) with companies in over 100 countries, each of which operated with a high degree of independence. The upstream tended to be far more centralised with much of the technical and financial direction coming from the central offices in The Hague. The upstream oil sector is also commonly known as the "exploration and production" sector.[66]
Downstream operations, which now also includes the chemicals business, generates a third of Shell's profits worldwide and is known for its global network of more than 40,000 petrol stations and its various oil refineries. The downstream business, which in some countries also included oil refining, generally included a retail petrol station network, lubricants manufacture and marketing, industrial fuel and lubricants sales and a host of other product/market sectors such as LPG and bitumen. The practice in Shell was that these businesses were essentially local and that they were best managed by local "operating companies" – often with middle and senior management reinforced by expatriates.[67]
Sponsorships[edit]
Shell has a long history of motorsport sponsorship, most notably Scuderia Ferrari (1951-1964, 1966-1973 and 1996-present), BRM (1962-1966 and 1968-1972), Scuderia Toro Rosso (2007-2013 and 2016), McLaren (1967-1968 and 1984-1994), Lotus (1968-1971), Team Penske (2011–present), Hyundai Motorsport (since 2005), AF Corse, Risi Competizione, BMW Motorsport and Dick Johnson Racing (1987-2004). It will again become title sponsor for the latter (now rebranded as DJR Team Penske) in 2017.[68]
Africa[edit]
Shell began drilling for oil in Africa during the 1950s. Shell began production in Nigeria in 1958.[69] Shell operates in the upstream oil sector in Algeria, Cameroon, Egypt, Gabon where is the giant Rabi-Kounga oil field, Ghana, Libya, Morocco, Nigeria, South Africa and Tunisia; and in the downstream sector in 16 other countries.[70]
In Nigeria, Shell told US diplomats that it had placed staff in all the main ministries of the government.[71]
In April 2010, Shell announced its intention to divest from downstream business of all African countries except South Africa and Egypt to Vitol and "Helios".[72] In several countries such as Tunisia, protests and strikes broke out. Shell denied rumours of the sellout.[73] Shell continues however upstream activities/extracting crude oil in the oil-rich Niger Delta as well as downstream/commercial activities in South Africa. In June 2013, the company announced a strategic review of its operations in Nigeria, hinting that assets could be divested. In August 2014, the company disclosed it was in the process of finalizing the sale of its interests in four Nigerian oil fields.[74]
Asia[edit]




A Shell gasoline station in Sabah, Malaysia


Hong Kong[edit]
Shell has been active in Hong Kong for a century, providing Retail, LPG, Commercial Fuel, Lubricants, Bitumen, Aviation, Marine and Chemicals services and products. Shell also sponsored the first Hong Kong-built aircraft, Inspiration', for its around-the-world trip.[75]
Malaysia[edit]
Shell discovered the first oil well in Malaysia in 1910, in Miri, Sarawak. Today the oil well is a state monument known as the Grand Old Lady. In 1914, following this discovery, Shell built Malaysia's first oil refinery and laid a submarine pipeline in Miri.[76][77]
Philippines[edit]




Shell oil depot (Poro Point, San Fernando, La Union, Philippines).


Royal Dutch Shell operates in the Philippines under its subsidiary, Pilipinas Shell Petroleum Corporation. Its headquarters is in Makati City and it has facilities in the Pandacan oil depot and other key locations.[78]
On January 2010, the Bureau of Customs claimed 7.34 billion pesos worth of unpaid excise taxes against Pilipinas Shell for importing Catalytic cracked gasoline (CCG) and light catalytic cracked gasoline (LCCG) stating that those imports are bound for tariff charges.[79]
In August 2016, Pilipinas Shell filed an application to sell US$629 million worth of primary and secondary shares to the investing public (registration statement) with the SEC. This was a prelude to filing its IPO listing application with the Philippine Stock Exchange. On 3 November 2016 the Pilipinas Shell Petroleum Corporation was officially listed on the Philippine Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol SHLPH after they held its Initial Public Offering on 19 to 25 October of the same year.[80]
Singapore[edit]
Shell has a strong presence in Singapore, indeed Singapore is the main centre for Shell's petrochemical operations in Asia Pacific region. Shell Eastern Petroleum limited (SEPL) have their refinery located in Singapore's Pulau Bukom island. They also operate as Shell Chemicals Seraya in Jurong Island.[81]
Europe[edit]
Ireland[edit]
Shell first started trading in Ireland in 1902.[82] Shell E&P Ireland (SEPIL) (previously Enterprise Energy Ireland) is an Irish exploration and production subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell. Its headquarters are on Leeson Street in Dublin. It was acquired in May 2002.[83] Its main project is the Corrib gas project, a large gas field off the northwest coast, for which Shell has encountered controversy and protests in relation to the onshore pipeline and licence terms.[84]
In 2005 Shell disposed of its entire retail and commercial fuels business in Ireland to Topaz Energy Group. This included depots, company-owned petrol stations and supply agreements stations throughout the island of Ireland.[85] The retail outlets were re-branded as Topaz in 2008/9.[86]
Nordic countries[edit]
On 27 August 2007, Royal Dutch Shell and Reitan Group, the owner of the 7-Eleven brand in Scandinavia, announced an agreement to re-brand some 269 service stations across Norway, Sweden, Finland and Denmark, subject to obtaining regulatory approvals under the different competition laws in each country.[87] On April 2010 Shell announced that the corporation is in process of trying to find a potential buyer for all of its operations in Finland and is doing similar market research concerning Swedish operations.[88][89] On October 2010 Shell's gas stations and the heavy vehicle fuel supply networks in Finland and Sweden, along with a refinery located in Gothenburg, Sweden were sold to St1, a Finnish energy company, more precisely to its major shareholding parent company Keele Oy.[90]
United Kingdom[edit]
In the UK sector of the North Sea Shell employs around 4,500 staff in Scotland as well as an additional 1,000 service contractors: however in August 2014 it announced it was laying off 250 of them, mainly in Aberdeen.[91]
North America[edit]
Main articles: Shell Oil Company and Shell Canada




Service station near Lost Hills, California






Shell gas station sign in Phoenix, Arizona






Shell gas station in Canada


Through most of Shell's early history, the Shell Oil Company business in the United States was substantially independent with its stock being traded on the NYSE and with little direct involvement from the group's central offices in the running of the American business. However, in 1984, Royal Dutch Shell made a bid to purchase those shares of Shell Oil Company it did not own (around 30%) and despite opposition from some minority shareholders, which led to a court case, Shell completed the buyout for a sum of $5.7 billion.[92]
Australia[edit]
On 20 May 2011, Royal Dutch Shell's final investment decision for the world's first floating liquefied natural gas (FLNG) facility was finalized following the discovery of the remote offshore Prelude field—located off Australia's northwestern coast and estimated to contain about 3 trillion cubic feet of natural gas equivalent reserves—in 2007. FLNG technology is based on liquefied natural gas (LNG) developments that were pioneered in the mid-20th century and facilitates the exploitation of untapped natural gas reserves located in remote areas, often too small to extract any other way.[93][94]
The floating vessel to be used for the Prelude field, known as Prelude FLNG, is promoted as the longest floating structure in the world and will take in the equivalent of 110,000 barrels of oil per day in natural gas—at a location 200 km (125 miles) off the coast of Western Australia—and cool it into liquefied natural gas for transport and sale in Asia. The Prelude is expected to start producing LNG in 2017[95]—analysts estimated the total cost of construction at more than US$12 billion.[93][94][96]
Following the decision by the Royal Dutch Shell fuel corporation to close its Geelong, Australia refinery in April 2013, a third consecutive annual loss was recorded for Shell's Australian refining and fuel marketing assets. Revealed in June 2013, the writedown is worth A$203 million, and was preceded by a A$638m writedown in 2012 and a A$407m writedown in 2011, after the closure of the Clyde refinery in Sydney, Australia.[97]
In February 2014, Shell sold its Australian refinery and petrol stations for US$2.6 billion (A$2.9 billion) to Vitol, a Geneva-based company.[98] Vitol stated that the Geelong refinery will remain open, as the company plans to expand further into the Australian market. At the time of the sale, Royal Dutch Shell was expected to continue investment into the Australian market, with projects that involve Chevron Corp., Woodside Petroleum and Prelude.[39]
Shell sold 9.5% of its 23.1% stake in Woodside Petroleum in June 2014 and advised that it had reached an agreement for Woodside to buy back 9.5% of its shares at a later stage. Shell became a major shareholder in Woodside after a 2001 takeover attempt was blocked by then federal Treasurer Peter Costello and the corporation has been open about its intention to sell its stake in Woodside as part of its target to shed assets. At a general body meeting, held on 1 August 2014, 72 percent of shareholders voted to approve the buy-back, short of the 75 percent vote that was required for approval. A statement from Shell read: "Royal Dutch Shell acknowledges the outcome of Woodside Petroleum Limited's shareholders' negative vote on the selective buy-back proposal. Shell is reviewing its options in relation to its remaining 13.6 percent holding."[99]
Alternative energy[edit]
In the early 2000s Shell moved into alternative energy and there is now an embryonic "Renewables" business that has made investments in solar power, wind power, hydrogen, and forestry. The forestry business went the way of nuclear, coal, metals and electricity generation, and was disposed of in 2003. In 2006 Shell paid SolarWorld to take over its entire solar business[100] and in 2008, the company withdrew from the London Array which has become the world's largest offshore wind farm.[101]
Shell also is involved in large-scale hydrogen projects. HydrogenForecast.com describes Shell's approach thus far as consisting of "baby steps", but with an underlying message of "extreme optimism".[102]
Shell holds 50% of Raízen, a joint venture with Brazilian sugarcane producer Cosan which is the third-largest Brazil-based energy company by revenues and a major producer of ethanol.[10]
In December 2016, Shell won the auction for the 700 MW Borssele III & IV offshore wind farms at a price of 5.45 c/kWh, beating 6 other consortia.[103]
Current projects[edit]
Arctic[edit]
Following the purchase of an offshore lease in 2005, Shell initiated its US$4.5 billion Arctic drilling program in 2006, after the corporation purchased the "Kulluk" oil rig and leased the Noble Discoverer drillship.[104][105] At inception, the project was led by Pete Slaiby, a Shell executive who had previously worked in the North Sea.[106] However, after the purchase of a second offshore lease in 2008, Shell only commenced drilling work in 2012, due to the refurbishment of rigs, permit delays from the relevant authorities and lawsuits.[107][108][109] The plans to drill in the Arctic led to protests from environmental groups, particularly Greenpeace; furthermore, analysts in the energy field, as well as related industries, also expressed skepticism due to perceptions that drilling in the region is "too dangerous because of harsh conditions and remote locations".[109][110]
Further problems hampered the Arctic project after the commencement of drilling in 2012, as Shell dealt with a series of issues that involved air permits, Coast Guard certification of a marine vessel and severe damage to essential oil-spill equipment. Additionally, difficult weather conditions resulted in the delay of drilling during mid-2012 and the already dire situation was exacerbated by the "Kulluk" incident at the end of the year. Royal Dutch Shell had invested nearly US$5 billion by this stage of the project.[106][109]
As the Kulluk oil rig was being towed to the American state of Washington to be serviced in preparation for the 2013 drilling season, a winter storm on 27 December 2012 caused the towing crews, as well as the rescue service, to lose control of the situation. As of 1 January 2013, the Kulluk was grounded off the coast Sitkalidak Island, near the eastern end of Kodiak Island. Following the accident, a Fortune magazine contacted Larry McKinney, the executive director at the Harte Research Institute for Gulf of Mexico Studies at Texas A&M, and he explained that "A two-month delay in the Arctic is not a two-month delay ... A two-month delay could wipe out the entire drilling season."[106]
It was unclear if Shell would recommence drilling in mid-2013, following the "Kulluk" incident and, in February 2013, the corporation stated that it would "pause" its closely watched drilling project off the Alaskan coast in 2013, and will instead prepare for future exploration.[111] In January 2014, the corporation announced the extension of the suspension of its drilling program in the Arctic, with chief executive van Beurden explaining that the project is "under review" due to both market and internal issues.[112]
A June 2014 interview with Pickard indicated that, following a forensic analysis of the problems encountered in 2012, Royal Dutch Shell will continue with the project and Pickard stated that she perceives the future of the corporation activity in the Arctic region as a long-term "marathon".[58] Pickard stated that the forensic "look back" revealed "there was an on/off switch" and further explained:

In other words, don't spend the money unless you're sure you're going to have the legal environment to go forward. Don't spend the money unless you're sure you're going to have the permit. No, I can't tell you that I'm going to have that permit until June, but we need to plan like we're going to have that permit in June. And so probably the biggest lesson is to make sure we could smooth out the on/off switches wherever we could and take control of our own destiny.[58]

Based upon the interview with Pickard, Shell is approaching the project as an investment that will reap energy resources with a lifespan of around 30 years.[58]
Controversies[edit]




Former Shell Research and Technology Centre, Amsterdam


Shell has been criticised for its businesses in Africa, notably in relation to protests of the Ogoni in 1995.[113]
In the 1990s, protesters criticised the company's environmental record, particularly the possible pollution caused by the proposed disposal of the Brent Spar platform into the North Sea. Despite support from the UK government, Shell reversed the decision under public pressure but maintained that sinking the platform would have been environmentally better.[114] Shell subsequently published an unequivocal commitment to sustainable development, supported by executive speeches reinforcing this commitment.[115]
2004 overstatement of oil reserves[edit]
In 2004 Shell overstated its oil reserves, resulting in loss of confidence in the group, a £17 million fine by the Financial Services Authority and the departure of the chairman Philip Watts. A lawsuit resulted in the payment of $450 million to non-American shareholders in 2007.[116][117][118]
Corporate communications[edit]




Shell Centre building in London, UK


Shell's advertising regarding its renewable energy business has been described as a greenwash by some environmental lobbies,[119] leading to criticism from the British Advertising Standards Authority which ruled that Shell had misled the public in an advertisement when it claimed that a $10 billion oil sands project in Alberta, Canada was a "sustainable energy source".[120]
Health and safety[edit]
A number of incidents over the years led to criticism of Shell's health and safety record, including repeated warnings by the UK Health and Safety Executive about the poor state of the company's North Sea platforms.[121]
Human rights[edit]
In the beginning of 1996, several human rights groups brought cases to hold Shell accountable for alleged human rights violations in Nigeria, including summary execution, crimes against humanity, torture, inhumane treatment and arbitrary arrest and detention. In particular, Shell stood accused of collaborating in the execution of Ken Saro-Wiwa and eight other leaders of the Ogoni tribe of southern Nigeria, who were hanged in 1995 by Nigeria's then military rulers.[122] The lawsuits were brought against Royal Dutch Shell and Brian Anderson, the head of its Nigerian operation.[123] In 2009, Shell agreed to pay $15.5m in a legal settlement.[122] Shell has not accepted any liability over the allegations against it.[124]
In 2009, Shell was the subject of an Amnesty International report into the deterioration of human rights as a consequence of Shell's activities in the Niger Delta. In particular, Amnesty criticised the continuation of gas flaring and Shell's slow response to oil spills.[125] In 1998, on its first public report on community and environmental issues in Nigeria, Shell promised "to end the practice of gas flaring in ten years, while pledging to establish a youth training scheme in Ogoniland".[126]
In 2010, a leaked cable revealed that Shell claims to have inserted staff into all the main ministries of the Nigerian government and know "everything that was being done in those ministries", according to Shell's top executive in Nigeria. The same executive also boasted that the Nigerian government had forgotten about the extent of Shell's infiltration.[71] Documents released in 2009 (but not used in the court case) reveal that Shell regularly made payments to the Nigerian military in order to prevent protests.[127]
Arctic project[edit]
According to the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management report in 2015 the chances of a major spill in a deep-sea Arctic drilling is 75% before century's end.[128]
Kodiak[edit]
In 2010 Greenpeace activists painted "No Arctic Drilling" with spilled BP oil on the side of a ship in the Gulf of Mexico that was en route to explore for Arctic oil for Shell. At the protest, Phil Radford of Greenpeace called for "President Obama [to] ban all offshore oil drilling and call for an end to the use of oil in our cars by 2030."[110]
On 16 March 2012, 52 Greenpeace activists from five different countries boarded Fennica and Nordica, multipurpose icebreakers chartered to support Shell's drilling rigs near Alaska.[129] Around the same time period, a reporter for Fortune magazine spoke with Edward Itta, an Inupiat Eskimo leader and the former mayor of the North Slope Borough, who expressed that he was conflicted about Shell's plans in the Arctic, as he was very concerned that an oil spill could destroy the Inupiat Eskimo's hunting-and-fishing culture, but his borough also received major tax revenue from oil and gas production; additionally, further revenue from energy activity was considered crucial to the future of the living standard in Itta's community.[106]
In July 2012, Greenpeace activists shut down 53 Shell petrol stations in Edinburgh and London in a protest against the company's plans to drill for oil in the Arctic. Greenpeace's "Save the Arctic" campaign aims to prevent oil drilling and industrial fishing in the Arctic by declaring the uninhabited area around the North Pole a global sanctuary.[130]
A review was announced after the Kulluk oil rig ran aground near Kodiak Island in December 2012.[131]
In response, Shell filed lawsuits to seek injunctions from possible protests, and Benjamin Jealous of the NAACP and Radford argued that the legal action was "trampling Americans' rights."[132] According to Greenpeace, Shell lodged a request with Google to take down video footage of a Greenpeace protest action that occurred at the Shell-sponsored Formula One (F1) Belgian Grand Prix on 25 August 2013, in which "SaveTheArctic.org" banners appear at the winners' podium ceremony. In the video, the banners rise up automatically—activists controlled their appearance with the use of four radio car antennas—revealing the website URL, alongside an image that consists of half of a polar bear's head and half of the Shell logo.[133]
Royal Dutch Shell then announced a "pause" in the timeline of the project in early 2013[111] and, in September 2015, the corporation announced the extension of the suspension of its drilling program in the Arctic.[134]
Polar Pioneer[edit]
A June 2014 interview with the corporation's new executive vice president of the Arctic indicated that Royal Dutch Shell will continue with its activity in the region.[58][112]
In Seattle protests began in May 2015 in response to the news that the Port of Seattle made an agreement with Shell to berth rigs at the Port's Terminal 5 during the off-season of oil exploration in Alaskan waters. The arrival of Shell's new Arctic drilling vessel, the Polar Pioneer ( IMO number: 8754140), a semi-submersible offshore drilling rig, was greeted by large numbers of environmental protesters paddling kayaks in Elliott Bay.[135][136]
On 6 May 2015 it was reported that during a coast guard inspection of the Polar Pioneer, a piece of anti-pollution gear failed, resulting in fines and delay of the operation.[137] Oil executives from Total and Eni interviewed by the New York Times, expressed scepticism about Shell's new ambitions for offshore drilling in the Arctic, and cited economic and environmental hurdles. ConocoPhillips and Statoil suspended Arctic drilling earlier, after Shell's failed attempt in 2012.[138]
Oil spills[edit]

Shell was responsible for around 21,000 gallons of oil spilled near Tracy, California in May 2016 due to a pipeline crack.[139]
Shell was responsible for a 88,200-gallon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico in May 2016.[140]
Two ruptures in a Shell Oil Co. pipeline in Altamont, California - one in September 2015 and another in May 2016 - had some questioning whether the Office of the State Fire Marshal, charged with overseeing the pipeline, was doing an adequate job.[141]

See also[edit]


Companies portal
Energy portal



Bataafse Petroleum Maatschappij
Chaco War
Lensbury
royaldutchshellplc.com
Shell Guides, a series of guidebooks
Shell V-Power
List of investors in Bernard L. Madoff Securities
List of companies based in London
Fossil fuels lobby

Notes[edit]



^ Proforma aggregate total for Royal Dutch Shell and BG Group combined.



References[edit]


^ a b c d e f g "Royal Dutch Shell plc Financial Statements". Google. Retrieved 10 July 2016. 
^ "About Shell". Shell. Retrieved 12 July 2013. 
^ "Global 500. Royal Dutch Shell". CNN. 2012. Retrieved 29 January 2013. 
^ Shell, Glencore, and Other Multinationals Dominate Their Home Economies 4 April 2013 BusinessWeek
^ Webb, Tim (17 March 2009). "Shell dumps wind, solar and hydro power in favour of biofuels". London: The Guardian. Retrieved 17 March 2013. 
^ "Wind". shell.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ "Shell at a glance". Royal Dutch Shell plc. Retrieved 30 August 2010. 
^ a b "8 Apr 2015 - Recommended Cash and Share Offer Announcement" (PDF). Royal Dutch Shell plc. Retrieved 29 October 2016. 
^ "Exploration & Production in the United States". Royal Dutch Shell plc. Archived from the original on 24 July 2011. Retrieved 30 August 2010. 
^ a b Shell and Cosan join forces for $ 12 billion ethanol venture
^ a b Fox, Justin (8 April 2015). "Stop Calling Shell an Oil Company". Bloomberg. Retrieved 29 October 2016. 
^ "Market Cap Rankings". Ycharts. Zacks Investment Research. 8 April 2012. Archived from the original on 31 March 2012. Retrieved 9 April 2012. 
^ "FTSE All-Share Index Ranking". stockchallenge.co.uk. Retrieved 1 January 2017. 
^ "Report: Qatar eyes largest piece of Shell". Upstream Online. NHST Media Group. 7 September 2012. Retrieved 8 September 2012. 
^ a b "The beginnings". shell.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ Fred Aftalion (2001). A History of the International Chemical Industry. Chemical Heritage Foundation. p. 142. ISBN 978-0-941901-29-1. 
^ Merrillees 2015, p. 60.
^ Royal Dutch Shell: History Archived 11 October 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Mark Forsyth (2011). The Etymologicon: A Circular Stroll through the Hidden Connections of the English Language. Icon Books. p. 140. ISBN 978-1-84831-319-4. 
^ Falola, Toyin; Genova, Ann (2005). The Politics of the Global Oil Industry: An Introduction. Greenwood Publishing Group. p. 30. 
^ a b F. C. Gerretson (1953). History of the Royal Dutch. Brill Archive. p. 346. GGKEY:NNJNHTLUZKG. 
^ a b F. C. Gerretson (1953). History of the Royal Dutch. Brill Archive. p. 346. GGKEY:NNJNHTLUZKG. 
^ a b c d e f g h i "The early 20th century". shell.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ Reference and contact details: GB 1566 SMBP Title:Shell-Mex and BP Archive Dates of Creation: 1900–1975 Held at: BP Archive GB 1566 SMBP
^ Peck, Merton J. & Scherer, Frederic M. The Weapons Acquisition Process: An Economic Analysis (1962) Harvard Business School p.619
^ Velschow, Klaus. "The Bombing of the Shellhus on March 21, 1945". milhist.dk. Archived from the original on 10 April 2014. Retrieved 21 April 2015. 
^ The Ferranti Mark 1* that went to Shell labs in Amsterdam, Netherlands (Dutch only)
^ "Analysis: Cash bounty lures miners into risky empire-building". Reuters. 27 September 2010. Retrieved 22 April 2011. 
^ The Shell Transport & Trading Company plc delisted from LSE
^ N.V. Koninklijke Nederlandsche Petroleum Maatschappij (English translation, Royal Dutch Petroleum Company) to Withdraw its Ordinary Shares, par value 0.56 Euro, from NYSE
^ Shell shareholders agree merger BBC News, 2005
^ "Iraq holds oil auction, Shell wins giant field". Reuters. 11 December 2009. Retrieved 22 August 2012. 
^ Pagnamenta, Robin (12 December 2009). "Shell secures vital toehold in 'the new Iraq' where oil is ready to flow". The Times. London. Retrieved 22 April 2011. 
^ 2009 Iraqi oil services contracts tender
^ "Shell bets on ethanol in $21 billion deal with Brazil's Cosan". Reuters. 1 February 2010. Retrieved 22 April 2011. 
^ "Shell to fund capital spending by selling LPG assets". 1 March 2010. Retrieved 11 March 2010. 
^ "Shell Acquires East Resources' Tight Gas Fields". Infogrok.com. 31 May 2010. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ a b Tom Bawden (17 January 2014). "Royal Dutch Shell issues shock profit warning". The Independent. London. Retrieved 24 February 2014. 
^ a b James Paton (21 February 2014). "Vitol to Pay Shell A$2.9 Billion for Australian Assets". Bloomberg. Retrieved 24 February 2014. 
^ Tiffany Hsu (8 April 2015). "Shell-BG tie-up could challenge market leader Exxon Mobil". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 8 April 2015. 
^ Rakteem Katakey (15 February 2016). "Shell Surpasses Chevron to Become No. 2 Oil Company: Chart". Bloomberg.com. 
^ Shell takes final investment decision to build a new petrochemicals complex in Pennsylvania, US Royal Dutch Shell (06/07/2016)
^ "Shell sells North Sea assets worth £2.46bn to Chrysaor". BBC News. 31 January 2017. Retrieved 10 June 2017. 
^ Williams, Nia (24 May 2017). "Shell, ConocoPhillips oil sands share selloff risks flooding market". Reuters. Retrieved 10 June 2017. 
^ Shell International Petroleum Company, Developments in Nigeria (London: March 1995)
^ "Niger Delta: Shell's manifestly false claims about oil pollution exposed, again". Amnesty International. 3 November 2015. Retrieved 26 March 2015. 
^ Shell Nigeria case: Court acquits firm on most charges, United Kingdom: BBC News, 30 January 2013 
^ "Argentinian town agrees to damages for oil spill". Radio Netherlands Worldwide. Radio Netherlands Worldwide. 18 May 2009. Retrieved 3 March 2014. 
^ "Court rules Shell must spend US$35mn on Magdalena clean-up". BNamericas. BNamericas. 22 November 2002. Retrieved 3 March 2014. 
^ Lieberman, Amy; Rust, Susanne (31 December 2015). "Big Oil braced for global warming while it fought regulations". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 22 January 2016. 
^ "Royal Dutch Shell PLC - AMEE". 
^ "From Well to Wheel: The Social, Environmental, and Climate Costs of Amazon Crude". Amazon Watch. Retrieved 27 March 2017. 
^ Carrington, Damian; Mommers, Jelmer (28 February 2017). "‘Shell knew’: oil giant's 1991 film warned of climate change danger". The Guardian. Retrieved 25 April 2017. 
^ Mommers, Jelmer; Carrington, Damian (28 February 2017). "If Shell knew climate change was dire 25 years ago, why still business as usual today?". The Correspondent. Retrieved 25 April 2017. 
^ Mommers, Jelmer (28 February 2017). "Shell made a film about climate change in 1991 (then neglected to heed its own warning)". The Correspondent. Retrieved 25 April 2017. 
^ "Royal Dutch Shell: Directors & Officers". FT.com. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Shell press release Archived 2 November 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b c d e Rik Kirkland (June 2014). "Leading in the 21st century: An interview with Shell's Ann Pickard". McKinsey & Company. McKinsey & Company. Retrieved 20 June 2014. 
^ "About Shell – The history of the Shell logo". About Shell. Shell International B.V. 15 June 2007. Archived from the original on 13 July 2010. Retrieved 10 March 2010. 
^ "Shell Haven celebrate a new jetty facility". Shell. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Business Superbrands, Editor: Marcel Knobil, Author James Curtis (2000), Superbrands Ltd. ISBN 978-0-9528153-4-1, p. 93.
^ "raymod loewy logos". designboom.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ "1980s to the new millennium – Shell Global". Shell Global. 17 December 2012. Retrieved 6 October 2013. 
^ "What we do". Shell. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Vertical integration". The Economist. 30 March 2009. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Industry Overview". Petroleum Services Association of Canada. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Facelift for Shell logo in pounds 500m 'new look' drive: Petrol giant plans to update outlets in 100 countries ready for next century". The Independent. 30 August 1993. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Shell to become full-time DJR Team Penske backer". Motorsport.com. 3 October 2016. 
^ "Post-war expansion". Shell. Retrieved 9 December 2010. 
^ "Where we operate". Shell. Archived from the original on 2 November 2010. Retrieved 9 December 2010. 
^ a b Smith, David (8 December 2010). "WikiLeaks cables: Shell's grip on Nigerian state revealed". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 9 December 2010. 
^ "Shell Group To Divest Assets In 21 African Countries". Peace FM Online. 8 April 2010. Archived from the original on 11 April 2010. 
^ Shell Denies Rumours of Planned Market Exit
^ "Stakes in four Nigerian oil fields being sold by Shell". Nigeria Sun. 27 August 2014. Retrieved 28 August 2014. 
^ "‘Inspiration’ in the skies: first Hong Kong-made plane prepares for epic world tour". Retrieved 28 July 2016. 
^ "‘Inspiration’ in the skies: first Hong Kong-made plane prepares for epic world tour". Retrieved 28 July 2016. 
^ 26 July 2016, Reuters.
^ "Pilipinas Shell Petroleum Corporation". Shell.com.ph. 17 February 2012. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ "Nasdaq.com". Nasdaq.com. 4 May 2012. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ "Report: PSE oks Pilipinas Shell’s P30B IPO". Upstream Online. Philippine Daily Inquirer. 29 September 2016. Retrieved 29 September 2016. 
^ "Shell Eastern Petroleum Ltd (SEPL), Singapore". ChemicalsTechnology. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Book "Down Many a Road", the story of Shell in Ireland from 1902 to 200 – Bob Montgomery Dreolín Publications 2002 ISBN 1-902773-11-X
^ Shell in Ireland Archived 8 August 2009 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Corrib". SubseaIQ. Bishop Interactive. Retrieved 9 August 2010. 
^ Making a big deal: the movers and shakers in Irish business Archived 30 May 2011 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Hennessy, Niamh (20 February 2008). "Topaz spending €50m re-branding Shell and Statoil stations nationwide". Archives.tcm.ie. Retrieved 17 May 2012. [dead link]
^ "7-Eleven and Shell join forces at 269 petrol stations" (Press release). Shell International B.V. 27 August 2007. Archived from the original on 29 August 2007. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ "Shell reviewing portfolio of LPG businesses" (Press release). Shell International B.V. 6 May 2010. Archived from the original on 17 May 2010. Retrieved 19 June 2010. 
^ "Shell Etsii mahdollista ostajaa Suomen toiminnoilleen" (Press release). Shell Finland. 6 April 2010. Retrieved 19 June 2010. [dead link]
^ "Keele buys Shell's Finnish and Swedish businesses" (Press release). Helsinki Times. 27 October 2010. Archived from the original on 1 August 2012. Retrieved 20 December 2011. 
^ "Reorganisation of North Sea operation to see Shell slash 250 jobs". Yahoo Finance. Retrieved 8 August 2014. 
^ Thomas C. Hayes (13 December 1990). "Shell Oil Shareholders Awarded $110 Million". The New York Times. Retrieved 27 February 2012. 
^ a b Peter Staas (3 June 2011). "Shell's Prelude FLNG Project: An Offshore Revolution?". Investing Daily. Capitol Information Group, Inc. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ a b Reuters and Associated Press (3 December 2013). "Shell's massive Prelude hull world's biggest-ever floating vessel and first ocean-based LNG plant". Financial Post. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ "Shell’s Prelude FLNG to start production in 2017?". LNG World News. 14 April 2016. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Ross Kelly (19 June 2014). "GDF Suez, Santos Halt Innovative LNG Plan in Australia". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ Matt Chambers (4 June 2013). "Geelong refinery writedown hits Shell for $203m". The Australian. Retrieved 6 June 2013. 
^ "Shell and Cosan join forces for $ 12 billion ethanol venture (Ecoseed)". 
^ "Shareholders reject Woodside plans to repurchase stake from Shell". Perth Herald. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ "SolarWorld Acquires Shell's Solar Business". RenewableEnergyWorld.com. 2 February 2006. Retrieved 18 August 2008. 
^ Shell pulls out of key wind power project, Financial Times, 1 May 2008
^ Stanley, Dean. "Shell Takes Flexible Approach to Fueling the Future". Executive View. Corland Publishing. Archived from the original on 20 August 2007. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ "Oil & Gas Giant to Build Dutch Borssele III & IV Offshore Wind Farms". Offshore Wind. 12 December 2016. Retrieved 14 December 2016. 
^ "Shell initiates Beaufort Sea oil exploration". Offshore Magazine. Pennwell Corporation. 17 March 2006. Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ Bailey, Alan (4 February 2007). "Shell proposes 18 wells". Petroleum News. 12 (5). Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ a b c d Jon Birger (3 January 2013). "What I learned aboard Shell's grounded Alaskan oil rig". Fortune Magazine. Time Inc. Retrieved 20 June 2014. 
^ Eaton, Joe (27 July 2012). "Shell Scales Back 2012 Arctic Drilling Goals". National Geographic. Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ Demer, Lisa (27 June 2012). "Shell drill rigs depart Seattle for Arctic waters in Alaska". Anchorage Daily News. Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ a b c Jerry Beilinson (1 January 2013). "What Shell's Kulluk Oil Rig Accident Means for Arctic Drilling". Popular Mechanics. Hearst Communication, Inc. Retrieved 20 June 2014. 
^ a b Phil Radford (24 May 2010). "[BP]resident Obama: Where Does BP Begin and Obama End?". The Huffington Post. Retrieved 5 October 2013. 
^ a b Mat Smith (27 February 2013). "Shell halts Arctic drill plans for 2013". CNN. Retrieved 27 February 2013. 
^ a b Terry Macalister (30 January 2014). "Shell shelves plan to drill in Alaskan Arctic this summer". The Guardian. Retrieved 3 March 2014. 
^ "The My Hero Project – Ken Saro Wiwa". Myhero.com. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ Brent Spar's long saga BBC News, 1998
^ Ek Kia, Tan (19 April 2005). "Sustainable Development in Shell" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 26 September 2007. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ G. Thomas Sims (12 April 2007). "Shell Settles With Europe on Overstated Oil Reserves". New York Times. 
^ Jill Treanor (31 May 2009). "Royal Dutch Shell to compensate shareholders for reserves scandal". The Guardian. London. 
^ Tim Fawcett (18 March 2004). "Shell's slippery slope". BBC News. 
^ Bruno, Kenny (24 January 2002). "Greenwash Award to Shell for Clouding the Issue". Campaigns. CorpWatch. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ John Vidal (13 August 2008). "Shell rapped by ASA for 'greenwash' advert". The Guardian. London. 
^ MacAlister, Terry (5 March 2007). "Shell safety record in North Sea takes a hammering". The Guardian. London. 
^ a b Ed Pilkington in New York (8 June 2009). "Shell pays out $15.5m over Saro-Wiwa killing". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ "Wiwa v. Shell". wiwavshell.org. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ "Shell settles Nigeria deaths case". BBC News. 9 June 2009. 
^ "Amnesty.org" (PDF). Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ Vogel, D. The market for virtue: The potential and limits of corporate social responsibility. 2006. p 143
^ Vidal, John (3 October 2011). "Shell oil paid Nigerian military to put down protests, court documents show". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 5 October 2011. Confidential memos, faxes, witness statements and other documents, released in 2009, show the company regularly paid the military to stop the peaceful protest movement against the pollution [...] In 2009, in a New York federal court, that evidence never saw light during the trial. 
^ Shell's Arctic oil rig departs Seattle as 'kayaktivists' warn of disaster The Guardian 15 June 2015
^ Activists protest at Shell's Finnish icebreaker rental. YLE, 16 March 2012. Retrieved 24 October 2012.
^ Laurie Tuffrey. "Greenpeace activists shut down 74 UK Shell petrol stations". the Guardian. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ Dan Joling (8 January 2013). "Salazar announces Arctic offshore drilling review; Coast Guard investigates Shell grounding". The Morning Call. The Associated Press. Retrieved 12 January 2013. [dead link]
^ Phil Radford and Benjamin Jealous (17 June 2013). "How Shell is trying to send a chill through activist groups across the country". Grist.org. Retrieved 5 October 2013. 
^ "Greenpeace protest at Shell Belgian F1 Grand Prix event – video" (Video upload). The Guardian. 27 August 2013. Retrieved 5 April 2014. 
^ "Shell abandons Alaska Arctic drilling". The Guardian. 28 September 2015. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Beekman, Daniel (14 May 2015). "More protests planned after giant oil rig muscles in". Seattle Times. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ "'Paddle in Seattle' Arctic oil drilling protest". BBC. 17 May 2015. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Vice (6 May 2015). "Shell Plans to Drill in the Arctic This Summer and It's Already Failed a Coast Guard Inspection". 
^ New York Times (12 May 2015). "Shell's Record Adds to the Anger of Those Opposing Arctic Drilling". 
^ "Oil pipeline near Tracy spills thousands of gallons of crude". Retrieved 17 June 2016. 
^ "Shell Oil Spill Dumps Thousands Of Barrels Of Crude Into Gulf Of Mexico". The Huffington Post. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Critics Question State Pipeline Oversight After 2 Altamont Oil Spills". KQUED. 10 October 2016. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 


Bibliography[edit]


"A Century in Oil" by Stephen Howarth [1997] ISBN 0-297-82247-0. A History of The "Shell" Transport and Trading Company.
"A History of Royal Dutch Shell" by Stephen Howarth and others [2007]. ISBN 978-0-19-929877-8
"Seven Sisters" by Anthony Sampson (1981) ISBN 978-0-553-23469-5
"Shell Shock: The secrets and spin of an Oil Giant" by Ian Cummins and John Beasant [2005]. ISBN 1-84018-941-X
Merrillees, Scott (2015). Jakarta: Portraits of a Capital 1950-1980. Jakarta: Equinox Publishing. ISBN 9786028397308. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Royal Dutch Shell.



Official website



Business data for Royal Dutch Shell plc:
Reuters
SEC filings



Royal Dutch Shell companies grouped at OpenCorporates
Works by Shell Union Oil Corporation at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about Royal Dutch Shell at Internet Archive
Works by Royal Dutch Shell at LibriVox (public domain audiobooks) 







v
t
e


Royal Dutch Shell



Divisions and
subsidiaries





Current




Asiatic Petroleum Company
Shell Australia
Shell Canada
Shell Chemicals
Shell Gas & Power
Ireland
Shell Nigeria
Shell Oil Company
Shell Pakistan






Former




Mexican Eagle Petroleum Company








Joint ventures





Current




Aera Energy
Albian Sands
Brunei LNG
Motiva Enterprises
Oman LNG
Pearl GTL
Sakhalin Energy






Former




Cellana
Shell-Mex and BP








Brands



Jiffy Lube
Pennzoil
Quaker State
Rain-X
Shell V-Power





People



M. King Hubbert
Fred Meissner
Gale Norton
Jorma Ollila
Rob Routs
Jeroen van der Veer
Peter Voser





Facilities and
places



Asiatic Petroleum Building
Brent Spar
Mars
Montreal East Refinery
proposed Pittsburgh ethane cracker plant
Rocky Mountain Arsenal
Scotford Upgrader
Shell Building
Shell Haven
Shell Mera
Shell Centre
Shell Centre (Calgary)
Shell Development Emeryville
Shell Mex House
One Shell Plaza
One Shell Square
Plaza Shell





Controversies



Corrib gas controversy
Movement for the Survival of the Ogoni People
Ken Saro-Wiwa
Wiwa v. Royal Dutch Shell Co.





Other



Answer Man
Club
Foundation
Guides
In Situ Conversion
Lennard's Carrying v Asiatic Petroleum
Novelty Service Station
Spectacular Sign
Turbo Chargers








 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


Petroleum industry






Petroleum
Primary energy









Benchmarks



Argus Sour
Bonny Light
Brent
Dubai
Indonesian
Isthmus-34 Light
Japan Cocktail
OPEC Reference Basket
Tapis
Urals
Western Canadian Select
West Texas Intermediate





Data




Natural gas



Consumption
Production
Reserves
Imports
Exports
Price





Petroleum



Consumption
Production
Reserves
Imports
Exports
Price (of gasoline and diesel)








Exploration



Core sampling
Geophysics
Integrated asset modelling
Petroleum engineering

Reservoir simulation
Seismic to simulation


Petroleum geology
Petrophysics
Reflection seismology (Seismic inversion)
Seismic source





Drilling



Blowout
Completion (Squeeze job)
Differential sticking
Directional drilling (Geosteering)
Drilling engineering
Drilling fluid (invasion)
Drill stem test
Lost circulation
Measurement
Tracers
Underbalanced drilling
Well logging





Production



Petroleum fiscal regime

Concessions
Production sharing agreements


Artificial lift

Pumpjack
Submersible pump (ESP)
Gas lift


Downstream
Enhanced oil recovery (EOR)

Steam injection
Gas reinjection


Midstream
Petroleum product
Pipeline transport
Refining
Upstream
Water injection
Well intervention
XT





History



1967 Oil Embargo
1973 oil crisis
1979 energy crisis
1980s oil glut
1990 oil price shock
2000s energy crisis
2010s oil glut
Founders
History of the petroleum industry
Nationalization
OPEC
GECF
Seven Sisters
Standard Oil
Oil market timelines





Provinces
and fields



List of natural gas fields
List of oil fields
East Midlands Oil Province
East Texas
Gulf of Mexico
Niger Delta
North Sea
Permian Basin
Persian Gulf
Prudhoe Bay Oil Field
Russia
Venezuela
Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin





Other topics



Acronyms
Oil shale gas
Peak oil

mitigation
timing


People
Petrocurrency
Petrodollar recycling
Shale gas
Swing producer
Unconventional oil

heavy crude
oil sands
oil shale















Companies and organisations








Major petroleum
companies





Supermajors



BP
Chevron
Eni
ExxonMobil
Royal Dutch Shell
Total






National oil
companies




ADNOC (UAE)
CNOOC (China)
CNPC (China)
Ecopetrol (Colombia)
Gazprom (Russia)
Iraq National Oil Company
Indian Oil Corporation
KazMunayGas (Kazakhstan)
Kuwait Petroleum Corporation
Lotos (Poland)
Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation
NIOC (Iran)
NISOC (Iran)
OGDCL (Pakistan)
ONGC (India)
PDVSA (Venezuela)
PKN Orlen (Poland)
Pemex (Mexico)
Pertamina (Indonesia)
PetroBangla (Bangladesh)
Petrobras (Brazil)
PetroChina
Petronas (Malaysia)
Petrovietnam
PTT (Thailand)
Qatar Petroleum
Rosneft (Russia)
Saudi Aramco (Saudi Arabia)
Sinopec (China)
SOCAR (Azerbaijan)
Sonangol (Angola)
Sonatrach (Algeria)
Statoil (Norway)
TPAO (Turkey)
YPF (Argentina)





Energy trading



Glencore
Gunvor
Mercuria
Naftiran Intertrade
Trafigura
Vitol





Other



Anadarko
Apache
BG Group
Cenovus Energy
Compañía Española de Petróleos
ConocoPhillips
Devon
Galp Energia
Hess
Husky Energy
Imperial Oil
Lukoil
Marathon Oil
Nippon Oil
Occidental
OMV
Port Harcourt Refining Company
Reliance Industries
Repsol
Suncor Energy
Surgutneftegas
TNK-BP
Tullow Oil
Tüpraş









Major services
companies




Amec Foster Wheeler
Baker Hughes
Cameron
CGG
CH2M Hill
Chicago Bridge & Iron Company
China Oilfield Services
Enbridge
Ensco
GE Oil & Gas
Halliburton
Nabors Industries
Naftiran Intertrade
National Oilwell Varco
Petrofac
Saipem
Schlumberger
Snam
Subsea 7
TransCanada
Transocean
Weatherford
Wood Group





Other



International Association of Oil & Gas Producers
International Energy Agency
International Petroleum Exchange
OPEC
Society of Petroleum Engineers
World Petroleum Council














Category
 Commons










Links to related articles











v
t
e


Energy in the United Kingdom








Companies







Coal



Anglo American
Asia Energy
BHP
ENRC
Glencore
Rio Tinto
UK Coal





Oil and gas




Integrated



BP
Royal Dutch Shell





Exploration and
production



Afren
BHP
Cairn Energy
Centrica
Dana Petroleum
Desire Petroleum
Emerald Energy
EnQuest
Essar Energy
Hardy Oil and Gas
JKX Oil & Gas
Melrose Resources
Ophir Energy
Perenco
Premier Oil
Regal Petroleum
Rockhopper Exploration
SOCO International
Star Energy
Tullow Oil





Supply



Greenergy
Murco Petroleum





Support



Abbot Group
AMEC
Ensco
Expro
Hunting
Petrofac
Qserv
Score Group
Weir Group
WesternGeco1
Wood Group








Utilities




Generation and
supply




Integrated



Centrica
EDF Energy1
E.ON UK1
RWE npower1
Scottish Power1
SSE





Generation



Drax Group
Falck Renewables
Horizon Nuclear Power1
International Power
Vattenfall United Kingdom1
Vedanta Resources





Supply



The Co-operative Energy
Ecotricity
ESB International
Extra Energy
Firmus Energy
First Utility
Good Energy
Green Energy
LoCO2 Energy
Opus Energy
Ovo Energy
Phoenix Natural Gas
Telecom Plus








Distribution




Electricity



Electricity North West1
Northern Powergrid1
SP Energy Networks1
SSE Power Distribution
UK Power Networks1
Western Power Distribution1





Gas



Firmus Energy
National Grid
Northern Gas Networks
Phoenix Natural Gas
SGN
Wales & West Utilities1








Transmission




Electricity



National Grid2
Scottish Hydro Electric Transmission
SP Energy Networks1





Gas



National Grid











Other



Aggreko
APX Group
Aquamarine Power
Ecogen
EnServe
Geothermal Engineering
Hi-Gen Power
Mark Group
Wavegen






Companies with headquarters and/or registered office in the UK but no applicable energy operations within the country shown in italics 1Ultimate parent company is not UK-based 2Integrated in the United States, no generation or supply activities in the UK














Energy sources







Coal



Coal Authority
Coal-fired power stations
Coal mines
Coal mining regions
Confederation of UK Coal Producers
Greenhouse gas emissions
History (Miners' strike
National Coal Board)
Open-pit coal mining





Electricity



Association of Electricity Producers
BritNed
East–West Interconnector
Energy switching services
Economy 7
Economy 10
Electricity billing
Green electricity
Grid Trade Master Agreement
HVDC Cross-Channel
HVDC Moyle
HVDC Norway–UK
Isle of Man to England Interconnector
National Grid

Control
Reserve Service


New Electricity Trading Arrangements
Power stations
Timeline of the electricity supply industry





Nuclear



Advanced gas-cooled reactor
Franco–British Nuclear Forum
Magnox
National Nuclear Laboratory
Nuclear Decommissioning Authority
Nuclear Liabilities Fund
Nuclear power stations
Office for Nuclear Regulation
Sellafield
United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority





Oil and gas



BBL Pipeline
Dash for Gas
Forties pipeline system
Fuel protests
Gas infrastructure
Greenhouse gas emissions
Hydrocarbon oil duty
Oil and Gas Authority
National Transmission System
Natural gas fields
Natural gas-fired power stations
North Sea oil
Oil & Gas UK
Oil fields
Oil-fired power stations
Oil infrastructure
Oil refineries
Petroleum revenue tax





Renewables




Biofuels



Biodiesel
Biofuel power stations
National Non-Food Crops Centre
Renewable Fuels Agency
Renewable Transport Fuel Obligation





Geothermal



Geothermal power stations





Hydroelectricity



Hydroelectric power stations
Severn Barrage
Wave farms





Solar power

 



Wind power



List of offshore wind farms
List of onshore wind farms
North Sea Offshore Grid
Wind power in Scotland



















Government and regulation







Organisations



Carbon Trust
Cenex
Committee on Climate Change
Department of Energy and Climate Change
Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs
Energy Saving Trust
Environment Agency
Office of Gas and Electricity Markets





Legislation and
initiatives



Carbon Emission Reduction Target
Climate Change Act 2008
Climate Change Agreement
Climate Change Levy
Climate Change and Sustainable Energy Act 2006
CRC Energy Efficiency Scheme
Display Energy Certificate
Energy Act 2013
Energy Performance Certificate
Fossil Fuel Levy
Low Carbon Building Programme
National Industrial Symbiosis Programme
Non-Fossil Fuel Obligation
Planning Act 2008
Renewable Heat Incentive
Renewables Obligation
United Kingdom Climate Change Programme
















Non-governmental organisations







Charities and
pressure groups



Ashden Award
BioRegional
Campaign against Climate Change
Centre for Alternative Technology
National Energy Action
Stop Climate Chaos
Tyndall Centre





Industry bodies



Combined Heat and Power Association
Energy Institute
Energy Networks Association
Energy Retail Association
Green Power Forum
RenewableUK
Utilities Intermediaries Association





Research



Centre for Renewable Energy Systems Technology
Energy Technologies Institute
Hadley Centre for Climate Prediction and Research
NaREC
Oil Depletion Analysis Centre
Sunbury Research Centre
UK Energy Research Centre
















Energy conservation






Association for the Conservation of Energy
British Energy Efficiency Federation
Close the Door campaign
Code for Sustainable Homes
Double Glazing & Conservatory Ombudsman Scheme
EcoHomes
Energy efficiency in British housing
Energy Saving Trust (Energy Saving Trust Recommended)
Greenhouse gas emissions
HTB
National Home Energy Rating











 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


 AEX companies of the Netherlands






Aalberts
ABN AMRO
Aegon
Ahold Delhaize
Akzo Nobel
Altice
ArcelorMittal
ASML
Boskalis
DSM
Galapagos
Gemalto
Heineken
ING
KPN
NN Group
Philips
Randstad
RELX
Royal Dutch Shell
SBM Offshore
Unibail-Rodamco
Unilever
Vopak
Wolters Kluwer












v
t
e


 FTSE 100 companies of the United Kingdom   → FTSE 250







3i
Admiral Group
Anglo American
Antofagasta
Ashtead Group
Associated British Foods
AstraZeneca
Aviva
BAE Systems
BHP
BP
Babcock International
Barclays
Barratt Developments
British American Tobacco
British Land
BT Group
Bunzl
Burberry
Carnival
Centrica
Coca-Cola HBC
Compass Group
ConvaTec
CRH
Croda International
DCC
Diageo
Direct Line Group
easyJet
Experian
Fresnillo
G4S
GKN
GlaxoSmithKline
Glencore
Hammerson
Hargreaves Lansdown
HSBC
Imperial Brands
Informa
InterContinental Hotels Group
International Airlines Group
Intertek
ITV
Johnson Matthey
Kingfisher
Land Securities Group
Legal & General
Lloyds Banking Group
London Stock Exchange Group
Marks & Spencer
Mediclinic International
Merlin Entertainments
Micro Focus International
Mondi
Morrisons
National Grid
Next
Old Mutual
Paddy Power Betfair
Pearson
Persimmon
Provident
Prudential
Randgold Resources
Royal Bank of Scotland
Reckitt Benckiser
RELX Group
Rentokil Initial
Rio Tinto Group
Rolls-Royce
Royal Dutch Shell
Royal Mail
RSA Insurance Group
Sage Group
J Sainsbury
Schroders
Scottish Mortgage Investment Trust
Segro
Severn Trent
Shire
Sky
Smith & Nephew
Smiths Group
Smurfit Kappa
SSE
Standard Chartered
Standard Life
St. James's Place
Taylor Wimpey
Tesco
TUI
Unilever
United Utilities
Vodafone
Whitbread
Wolseley
Worldpay
WPP
















 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Royal_Dutch_Shell&oldid=789456582"					
Categories: Royal Dutch ShellMultinational oil companiesOil companies of the NetherlandsOil and gas companies of the United KingdomAutomotive fuel brandsChemical companies of the NetherlandsChemical companies of the United KingdomCompanies based in LondonCompanies based in The HagueMultinational companies headquartered in the NetherlandsOrganisations based in the Netherlands with royal patronageMultinational companies based in the City of LondonNon-renewable resource companies established in 19071907 establishments in the Netherlands1907 establishments in the United KingdomCompanies listed on the London Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeEnergy companies established in 1907British companies established in 1907Companies formerly listed on the Amsterdam Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the Euronext AmsterdamDutch brandsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from February 2014Articles with dead external links from June 2014Use British English from May 2012Use dmy dates from May 2017IMO NumberOpenCorporates groupingsArticles with Project Gutenberg linksArticles with Internet Archive linksArticles with LibriVox links 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansAlemannischالعربيةবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGaeilge客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаLatinaLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPapiamentuPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng ViệtWinaray粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 7 July 2017, at 13:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Royal Dutch Shell - Wikipedia






















 






Royal Dutch Shell

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Royal Dutch Shell plc)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Shell Company" redirects here. It is not to be confused with Shell corporation.

Royal Dutch Shell plc





Headquarters in The Hague, Netherlands




Type

Public limited company


Traded as
LSE: RDSA, RDSB
Euronext: RDSA, RDSB
NYSE: RDS.A, RDS.B
FTSE 100 Component


ISIN
GB00B03MLX29


Industry
Oil and gas


Predecessor
Royal Dutch Petroleum Co. (1890)
The Shell Transport and Trading Company Limited (1897)


Founded
February 1907; 110 years ago (1907-02)


Headquarters
The Hague, Netherlands
(Headquarters)
Shell Centre, London, England
(Registered office)



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Charles O. Holliday (Chairman)
Ben van Beurden (CEO)


Products
Petroleum, natural gas, and other petrochemicals


Revenue
 US$233.6 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$2.36 billion (2016)[1]


Profit
 US$4.57 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$411.2 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$186.6 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

93,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
Shell Australia
Shell South Africa
Shell Canada
Shell Chemicals
Shell Gas & Power
Shell Hong Kong
Shell Nigeria
Shell Oil Company
Shell Pakistan


Website
www.shell.com


Royal Dutch Shell plc (LSE: RDSA, RDSB), commonly known as Shell, is a British–Dutch multinational oil and gas company headquartered in the Netherlands and incorporated in the United Kingdom.[2] It is one of the six oil and gas "supermajors" and the sixth-largest company in the world measured by 2016 revenues (and the largest based in Europe).[1] Shell was first in the 2013 Fortune Global 500 list of the world's largest companies;[3] in that year its revenues were equivalent to 84% of the Netherlands' $556 billion GDP.[4]
Shell is vertically integrated and is active in every area of the oil and gas industry, including exploration and production, refining, distribution and marketing, petrochemicals, power generation and trading. It also has renewable energy activities in the form of biofuels[5] and wind.[6] Shell has operations in over 70 countries, produces around 3.7 million barrels of oil equivalent per day and has 44,000 service stations worldwide.[7][8] As of 31 December 2014, Shell had total proved reserves of 13.7 billion barrels (2.18×109 m3) of oil equivalent.[8][note 1] Shell Oil Company, its principal subsidiary in the United States, is one of its largest businesses.[9] Shell holds 50% of Raízen, a joint venture with Cosan, which is the third-largest Brazil-based energy company by revenues and a major producer of ethanol.[10]
Shell was formed in 1907 through the amalgamation of the Royal Dutch Petroleum Company of the Netherlands and the "Shell" Transport and Trading Company of the United Kingdom. Until its unification in 2005 the firm operated as a dual-listed company, whereby the British and Dutch companies maintained their legal existence but operated as a single-unit partnership for business purposes. Shell first entered the chemicals industry in 1929. In 1970 Shell acquired the mining company Billiton, which it subsequently sold in 1994 and now forms part of BHP Billiton. In recent decades gas exploration and production has become an increasingly important part of Shell's business.[11] Shell acquired BG Group in 2016, making it the world's largest producer of liquefied natural gas (LNG).[11]
Shell has a primary listing on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index. It had a market capitalisation of £185 billion at the close of trading on 30 December 2016, by far the largest of any company listed on the London Stock Exchange and among the highest of any company in the world.[12][13] It has secondary listings on Euronext Amsterdam and the New York Stock Exchange. As of January 2013, Shell's largest shareholder was Capital Research Global Investors with 9.85% ahead of BlackRock in second with 6.89%.[14] Shell's logo, known as the "pecten", is one of the most familiar commercial symbols in the world.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins
1.2 20th century
1.3 21st century
1.4 Environmental record
1.5 Climate change


2 Corporate affairs

2.1 Management
2.2 Name and logo

2.2.1 Logo evolution




3 Operations

3.1 Business groupings
3.2 Oil and gas activities
3.3 Sponsorships


4 Africa
5 Asia

5.1 Hong Kong
5.2 Malaysia
5.3 Philippines
5.4 Singapore


6 Europe

6.1 Ireland
6.2 Nordic countries
6.3 United Kingdom


7 North America
8 Australia
9 Alternative energy
10 Current projects

10.1 Arctic


11 Controversies

11.1 2004 overstatement of oil reserves
11.2 Corporate communications
11.3 Health and safety
11.4 Human rights
11.5 Arctic project

11.5.1 Kodiak
11.5.2 Polar Pioneer
11.5.3 Oil spills




12 See also
13 Notes
14 References
15 Bibliography
16 External links



History[edit]
Origins[edit]




Royal Dutch Petroleum dock in the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia)






The oil well at Pangkalan Brandan, North Sumatra is considered to be the origin of the Royal Dutch Shell.


The Royal Dutch Shell Group was created in February 1907 through the amalgamation of two rival companies: the Royal Dutch Petroleum Company of the Netherlands and the Shell Transport and Trading Company Limited of the United Kingdom.[15] It was a move largely driven by the need to compete globally with Standard Oil.[16] The Royal Dutch Petroleum Company was a Dutch company founded in 1890 to develop an oilfield in Pangkalan Brandan, North Sumatra,[17] and initially led by August Kessler, Hugo Loudon, and Henri Deterding. The "Shell" Transport and Trading Company (the quotation marks were part of the legal name) was a British company, founded in 1897 by Marcus Samuel, 1st Viscount Bearsted, and his brother Samuel Samuel.[18] Their father had owned an antique company in Houndsditch, London,[19] which expanded in 1833 to import and sell sea-shells, after which the company "Shell" took its name.[15][20]
For various reasons, the new firm operated as a dual-listed company, whereby the merging companies maintained their legal existence, but operated as a single-unit partnership for business purposes. The terms of the merger gave 60 percent ownership of the new group to the Dutch arm and 40 percent to the British.[21]
National patriotic sensibilities would not permit a full-scale merger or takeover of either of the two companies.[21] The Dutch company, Koninklijke Nederlandsche Petroleum Maatschappij at The Hague, was in charge of production and manufacture.[22] The British Anglo-Saxon Petroleum Company was based in London, to direct the transport and storage of the products.[22]
20th century[edit]




Shell benzine for Sir Ernest Henry Shackleton, Antarctic Expedition 1915.


During the First World War, Shell was the main supplier of fuel to the British Expeditionary Force.[23] It was also the sole supplier of aviation fuel and supplied 80 percent of the British Army's TNT.[23] It also volunteered all of its shipping to the British Admiralty.[23]
The German invasion of Romania in 1916 saw 17% of the group's worldwide production destroyed.[23]
In 1919, Shell took control of the Mexican Eagle Petroleum Company and in 1921 formed Shell-Mex Limited which marketed products under the "Shell" and "Eagle" brands in the United Kingdom. In 1929, Shell Chemicals was founded.[23] By the end of the 1920s, Shell was the world's leading oil company, producing 11 percent of the world's crude oil supply and owning 10 percent of its tanker tonnage.[23]
Shell Mex House was completed in 1931, and was the head office for Shell's marketing activity worldwide.[23] In 1932, partly in response to the difficult economic conditions of the times, Shell-Mex merged its UK marketing operations with those of British Petroleum to create Shell-Mex and BP,[24] a company that traded until the brands separated in 1975. Royal Dutch Company ranked 79th among United States corporations in the value of World War II military production contracts.[25]
The 1930s saw Shell's Mexican assets seized by the local government.[23] After the invasion of the Netherlands by Germany in 1940, the head office of the Dutch companies was moved to Curacao.[23] In 1945 Shell's Danish headquarters in Copenhagen, at the time being used by the Gestapo, was bombed by Royal Air Force Mosquitoes in Operation Carthage.[26]
Around 1952, Shell was the first company to purchase and use a computer in the Netherlands.[27] The computer, a Ferranti Mark 1*, was assembled and used at the Shell laboratory in Amsterdam. In 1970 Shell acquired the mining company Billiton, which it subsequently sold in 1994 and now forms part of BHP Billiton.[28]
21st century[edit]
In November 2004, following a period of turmoil caused by the revelation that Shell had been overstating its oil reserves, it was announced that the Shell Group would move to a single capital structure, creating a new parent company to be named Royal Dutch Shell plc, with its primary listing on the London Stock Exchange, a secondary listing on the Amsterdam Stock Exchange, its headquarters and tax residency in The Hague, Netherlands and its registered office in London. The unification was completed on 20 July 2005 and the original owners delisted their companies from the respective exchanges. On 20 July 2005, the Shell Transport & Trading Company plc was delisted from the LSE,[29] where as, Royal Dutch Petroleum Company from NYSE on 18 November 2005.[30] The shares of the company were issued at a 60/40 advantage for the shareholders of Royal Dutch in line with the original ownership of the Shell Group.[31]
During the 2009 Iraqi oil services contracts tender, a consortium led by Shell (45%) and which included Petronas (30%) was awarded a production contract for the "Majnoon field" in the south of Iraq, which contains an estimated 12.6 billion barrels (2.00×109 m3) of oil.[32][33] The "West Qurna 1 field" production contract was awarded to a consortium led by ExxonMobil (60%) and included Shell (15%).[34]
In February 2010 Shell and Cosan formed a 50:50 joint-venture, Raízen, comprising all of Cosan's Brazilian ethanol, energy generation, fuel distribution and sugar activities, and all of Shell's Brazilian retail fuel and aviation distribution businesses.[35] In March 2010, Shell announced the sale of some of its assets, including its liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) business, to meet the cost of a planned $28bn capital spending programme. Shell invited buyers to submit indicative bids, due by 22 March, with a plan to raise $2–3bn from the sale.[36] In June 2010, Royal Dutch Shell agreed to acquire all the business of East Resources for a cash consideration of $4.7 billion. The transaction included East Resources' tight gas fields.[37]
Over the course of 2013, the corporation began the sale of its US shale gas assets and cancelled a US$20 billion gas project that was to be constructed in the US state of Louisiana. A new CEO Ben van Beurden was appointed in January 2014, prior to the announcement that the corporation's overall performance in 2013 was 38 per cent lower than 2012—the value of Shell's shares fell by 3 per cent as a result.[38] Following the sale of the majority of its Australian assets in February 2014, the corporation plans to sell a further US$15 billion worth of assets in the period leading up to 2015, with deals announced in Australia, Brazil and Italy.[39]
Royal Dutch Shell announced on 8 April 2015 it had agreed to buy BG Group for £47 billion (US$70 billion), subject to shareholder and regulatory approval.[40] The acquisition was completed in February 2016, resulting in Shell surpassing Chevron Corporation and becoming the world's second largest non-state oil company.[41]
On 7 June 2016, Royal Dutch Shell announced that it would build an ethane cracker plant near Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania after spending several years doing environmental cleanup of the proposed plant's site.[42]
In January 2017, Royal Dutch Shell agreed to sell £2.46bn worth of North Sea assets to oil exploration firm Chrysaor.[43] In 2017, Shell sold its oil sands assets to Canadian Natural Resources in exchange of approximately 8.8% stake in that company. In May 2017, it was reported that Shell plans to sell its shares in Canadian Natural Resources fully exiting the oil sands business.[44]
Environmental record[edit]
The presence of companies like Shell in the Niger-Delta has led to extreme environmental issues in the Niger Delta. Many pipelines in the Niger-Delta owned by Shell are old and corroded. Shell has acknowledged its responsibility for keeping the pipelines new but has also denied responsibility for environmental causes.[45] This has led to mass protests from the Niger-Delta inhabitants, Amnesty International, and Friends of the Earth Netherlands against Shell. It has also led to action plans to boycott Shell by environmental groups, and human rights groups.[46] In January 2013, a Dutch court rejected four out of five allegations brought against the firm over oil pollution in the Niger Delta but found a subsidiary guilty of one case of pollution, ordering compensation to be paid to a Nigerian farmer.[47]
On 15 January 1999, off the Argentinian town of Magdalena, Buenos Aires, the Shell tanker Estrella Pampeana collided with a German freighter, emptying its contents into the lake, polluting the environment, drinkable water, plants and animals. Over a decade after the spill, a referendum held in Magdalena determined the acceptance of a US$9.5 million compensatory payout from Shell.[48] Shell denied responsibility for the spill, but an Argentine court ruled in 2002 that the corporation was responsible.[49]
Shell joined the Global Climate Coalition of businesses opposed to greenhouse gas emission regulation. In 1989, Shell redesigned a $3-billion North Sea natural gas platform in the North Sea, raising its height one to two meters, to accommodate an anticipated sea level rise due to global warming.[50] In 2013, Royal Dutch Shell PLC reported CO2 emissions of 81 million metric tonnes.[51]
Shell is known to be processing oil from the Amazon region of South America, a large concern for environmentalists trying to protect the area. In the United States, the Martinez refinery (CA) and the Puget Sound Refinery (WA) carry Amazonian oil. In 2015, 14% of the Martinez refinery's gross, at 19,570 barrels per day, came from the Amazon. [52]
Climate change[edit]
In 2017, a public information film unseen for years resurfaced and showed Shell had clear grasp of global warming 26 years earlier but has not acted accordingly since, said critics. [53][54][55]
Corporate affairs[edit]
Management[edit]
On 4 August 2005, the board of directors announced the appointment of Jorma Ollila, chairman and CEO of Nokia at the time, to succeed Aad Jacobs as the company's non-executive chairman on 1 June 2006. Ollila is the first Shell chairman to be neither Dutch nor British. Other non-executive directors include Maarten van den Bergh, Wim Kok, Nina Henderson, Lord Kerr, Adelbert van Roxe, and Christine Morin-Postel.[56]
Since 3 January 2014, Ben van Beurden is CEO of Shell.[38] His Predecessor was Peter Voser who became CEO of Shell on 1 July 2009.[57]
Following a career at the corporation, in locations such as Australia and Africa, Ann Pickard was appointed as the executive vice president of the Arctic at Royal Dutch Shell, a role that was publicized in an interview with McKinsey & Company in June 2014.[58]
Name and logo[edit]
The name Shell is linked to The "Shell" Transport and Trading Company.[59] In 1833, the founder's father, Marcus Samuel Sr., founded an import business to sell seashells to London collectors. When collecting seashell specimens in the Caspian Sea area in 1892, the younger Samuel realised there was potential in exporting lamp oil from the region and commissioned the world's first purpose-built oil tanker, the Murex (Latin for a type of snail shell), to enter this market; by 1907 the company had a fleet. Although for several decades the company had a refinery at Shell Haven on the Thames, there is no evidence of this having provided the name.[60]
The Shell logo is one of the most familiar commercial symbols in the world. This logo is known as the "pecten" after the sea shell Pecten maximus (the giant scallop), on which its design is based. The yellow and red colours used are thought[61] to relate to the colours of the flag of Spain, as Shell built early service stations in California, previously a Spanish colony. The current revision of the logo was designed by Raymond Loewy in 1971.[62]
The slash was removed from the name "Royal Dutch/Shell" in 2005, concurrent with moves to merge the two legally separate companies (Royal Dutch and Shell) to the single legal entity which exists today.[63]
Logo evolution[edit]







1900









1904









1909









1930




Operations[edit]
Business groupings[edit]




Upstream activities currently generate around two-thirds of Shell's revenues


Shell is currently organised into four major business groupings:[64]

Upstream – manages the upstream business. It searches for and recovers crude oil and natural gas and operates the upstream and midstream infrastructure necessary to deliver oil and gas to the market. Its activities are organised primarily within geographic units, although there are some activities that are managed across the business or provided through support units.
Integrated Gas and New Energies – manages liquefying natural gas, converting gas to liquids and low-carbon opportunities.
Downstream – manages Shell's manufacturing, distribution and marketing activities for oil products and chemicals. Manufacturing and supply includes refinery, supply and shipping of crude oil.
Projects and technology – manages the delivery of Shell's major projects, provides technical services and technology capability covering both upstream and downstream activities. It is also responsible for providing functional leadership across Shell in the areas of health, safety and environment, and contracting and procurement.

Oil and gas activities[edit]




Former Shell oil depot in Kowloon, Hong Kong around the mid-1980s


Shell's primary business is the management of a vertically integrated oil company. The development of technical and commercial expertise in all stages of this vertical integration, from the initial search for oil (exploration) through its harvesting (production), transportation, refining and finally trading and marketing established the core competencies on which the company was founded. Similar competencies were required for natural gas, which has become one of the most important businesses in which Shell is involved, and which contributes a significant proportion of the company's profits. While the vertically integrated business model provided significant economies of scale and barriers to entry, each business now seeks to be a self-supporting unit without subsidies from other parts of the company.[65]
Traditionally, Shell was a heavily decentralised business worldwide (especially in the downstream) with companies in over 100 countries, each of which operated with a high degree of independence. The upstream tended to be far more centralised with much of the technical and financial direction coming from the central offices in The Hague. The upstream oil sector is also commonly known as the "exploration and production" sector.[66]
Downstream operations, which now also includes the chemicals business, generates a third of Shell's profits worldwide and is known for its global network of more than 40,000 petrol stations and its various oil refineries. The downstream business, which in some countries also included oil refining, generally included a retail petrol station network, lubricants manufacture and marketing, industrial fuel and lubricants sales and a host of other product/market sectors such as LPG and bitumen. The practice in Shell was that these businesses were essentially local and that they were best managed by local "operating companies" – often with middle and senior management reinforced by expatriates.[67]
Sponsorships[edit]
Shell has a long history of motorsport sponsorship, most notably Scuderia Ferrari (1951-1964, 1966-1973 and 1996-present), BRM (1962-1966 and 1968-1972), Scuderia Toro Rosso (2007-2013 and 2016), McLaren (1967-1968 and 1984-1994), Lotus (1968-1971), Team Penske (2011–present), Hyundai Motorsport (since 2005), AF Corse, Risi Competizione, BMW Motorsport and Dick Johnson Racing (1987-2004). It will again become title sponsor for the latter (now rebranded as DJR Team Penske) in 2017.[68]
Africa[edit]
Shell began drilling for oil in Africa during the 1950s. Shell began production in Nigeria in 1958.[69] Shell operates in the upstream oil sector in Algeria, Cameroon, Egypt, Gabon where is the giant Rabi-Kounga oil field, Ghana, Libya, Morocco, Nigeria, South Africa and Tunisia; and in the downstream sector in 16 other countries.[70]
In Nigeria, Shell told US diplomats that it had placed staff in all the main ministries of the government.[71]
In April 2010, Shell announced its intention to divest from downstream business of all African countries except South Africa and Egypt to Vitol and "Helios".[72] In several countries such as Tunisia, protests and strikes broke out. Shell denied rumours of the sellout.[73] Shell continues however upstream activities/extracting crude oil in the oil-rich Niger Delta as well as downstream/commercial activities in South Africa. In June 2013, the company announced a strategic review of its operations in Nigeria, hinting that assets could be divested. In August 2014, the company disclosed it was in the process of finalizing the sale of its interests in four Nigerian oil fields.[74]
Asia[edit]




A Shell gasoline station in Sabah, Malaysia


Hong Kong[edit]
Shell has been active in Hong Kong for a century, providing Retail, LPG, Commercial Fuel, Lubricants, Bitumen, Aviation, Marine and Chemicals services and products. Shell also sponsored the first Hong Kong-built aircraft, Inspiration', for its around-the-world trip.[75]
Malaysia[edit]
Shell discovered the first oil well in Malaysia in 1910, in Miri, Sarawak. Today the oil well is a state monument known as the Grand Old Lady. In 1914, following this discovery, Shell built Malaysia's first oil refinery and laid a submarine pipeline in Miri.[76][77]
Philippines[edit]




Shell oil depot (Poro Point, San Fernando, La Union, Philippines).


Royal Dutch Shell operates in the Philippines under its subsidiary, Pilipinas Shell Petroleum Corporation. Its headquarters is in Makati City and it has facilities in the Pandacan oil depot and other key locations.[78]
On January 2010, the Bureau of Customs claimed 7.34 billion pesos worth of unpaid excise taxes against Pilipinas Shell for importing Catalytic cracked gasoline (CCG) and light catalytic cracked gasoline (LCCG) stating that those imports are bound for tariff charges.[79]
In August 2016, Pilipinas Shell filed an application to sell US$629 million worth of primary and secondary shares to the investing public (registration statement) with the SEC. This was a prelude to filing its IPO listing application with the Philippine Stock Exchange. On 3 November 2016 the Pilipinas Shell Petroleum Corporation was officially listed on the Philippine Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol SHLPH after they held its Initial Public Offering on 19 to 25 October of the same year.[80]
Singapore[edit]
Shell has a strong presence in Singapore, indeed Singapore is the main centre for Shell's petrochemical operations in Asia Pacific region. Shell Eastern Petroleum limited (SEPL) have their refinery located in Singapore's Pulau Bukom island. They also operate as Shell Chemicals Seraya in Jurong Island.[81]
Europe[edit]
Ireland[edit]
Shell first started trading in Ireland in 1902.[82] Shell E&P Ireland (SEPIL) (previously Enterprise Energy Ireland) is an Irish exploration and production subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell. Its headquarters are on Leeson Street in Dublin. It was acquired in May 2002.[83] Its main project is the Corrib gas project, a large gas field off the northwest coast, for which Shell has encountered controversy and protests in relation to the onshore pipeline and licence terms.[84]
In 2005 Shell disposed of its entire retail and commercial fuels business in Ireland to Topaz Energy Group. This included depots, company-owned petrol stations and supply agreements stations throughout the island of Ireland.[85] The retail outlets were re-branded as Topaz in 2008/9.[86]
Nordic countries[edit]
On 27 August 2007, Royal Dutch Shell and Reitan Group, the owner of the 7-Eleven brand in Scandinavia, announced an agreement to re-brand some 269 service stations across Norway, Sweden, Finland and Denmark, subject to obtaining regulatory approvals under the different competition laws in each country.[87] On April 2010 Shell announced that the corporation is in process of trying to find a potential buyer for all of its operations in Finland and is doing similar market research concerning Swedish operations.[88][89] On October 2010 Shell's gas stations and the heavy vehicle fuel supply networks in Finland and Sweden, along with a refinery located in Gothenburg, Sweden were sold to St1, a Finnish energy company, more precisely to its major shareholding parent company Keele Oy.[90]
United Kingdom[edit]
In the UK sector of the North Sea Shell employs around 4,500 staff in Scotland as well as an additional 1,000 service contractors: however in August 2014 it announced it was laying off 250 of them, mainly in Aberdeen.[91]
North America[edit]
Main articles: Shell Oil Company and Shell Canada




Service station near Lost Hills, California






Shell gas station sign in Phoenix, Arizona






Shell gas station in Canada


Through most of Shell's early history, the Shell Oil Company business in the United States was substantially independent with its stock being traded on the NYSE and with little direct involvement from the group's central offices in the running of the American business. However, in 1984, Royal Dutch Shell made a bid to purchase those shares of Shell Oil Company it did not own (around 30%) and despite opposition from some minority shareholders, which led to a court case, Shell completed the buyout for a sum of $5.7 billion.[92]
Australia[edit]
On 20 May 2011, Royal Dutch Shell's final investment decision for the world's first floating liquefied natural gas (FLNG) facility was finalized following the discovery of the remote offshore Prelude field—located off Australia's northwestern coast and estimated to contain about 3 trillion cubic feet of natural gas equivalent reserves—in 2007. FLNG technology is based on liquefied natural gas (LNG) developments that were pioneered in the mid-20th century and facilitates the exploitation of untapped natural gas reserves located in remote areas, often too small to extract any other way.[93][94]
The floating vessel to be used for the Prelude field, known as Prelude FLNG, is promoted as the longest floating structure in the world and will take in the equivalent of 110,000 barrels of oil per day in natural gas—at a location 200 km (125 miles) off the coast of Western Australia—and cool it into liquefied natural gas for transport and sale in Asia. The Prelude is expected to start producing LNG in 2017[95]—analysts estimated the total cost of construction at more than US$12 billion.[93][94][96]
Following the decision by the Royal Dutch Shell fuel corporation to close its Geelong, Australia refinery in April 2013, a third consecutive annual loss was recorded for Shell's Australian refining and fuel marketing assets. Revealed in June 2013, the writedown is worth A$203 million, and was preceded by a A$638m writedown in 2012 and a A$407m writedown in 2011, after the closure of the Clyde refinery in Sydney, Australia.[97]
In February 2014, Shell sold its Australian refinery and petrol stations for US$2.6 billion (A$2.9 billion) to Vitol, a Geneva-based company.[98] Vitol stated that the Geelong refinery will remain open, as the company plans to expand further into the Australian market. At the time of the sale, Royal Dutch Shell was expected to continue investment into the Australian market, with projects that involve Chevron Corp., Woodside Petroleum and Prelude.[39]
Shell sold 9.5% of its 23.1% stake in Woodside Petroleum in June 2014 and advised that it had reached an agreement for Woodside to buy back 9.5% of its shares at a later stage. Shell became a major shareholder in Woodside after a 2001 takeover attempt was blocked by then federal Treasurer Peter Costello and the corporation has been open about its intention to sell its stake in Woodside as part of its target to shed assets. At a general body meeting, held on 1 August 2014, 72 percent of shareholders voted to approve the buy-back, short of the 75 percent vote that was required for approval. A statement from Shell read: "Royal Dutch Shell acknowledges the outcome of Woodside Petroleum Limited's shareholders' negative vote on the selective buy-back proposal. Shell is reviewing its options in relation to its remaining 13.6 percent holding."[99]
Alternative energy[edit]
In the early 2000s Shell moved into alternative energy and there is now an embryonic "Renewables" business that has made investments in solar power, wind power, hydrogen, and forestry. The forestry business went the way of nuclear, coal, metals and electricity generation, and was disposed of in 2003. In 2006 Shell paid SolarWorld to take over its entire solar business[100] and in 2008, the company withdrew from the London Array which has become the world's largest offshore wind farm.[101]
Shell also is involved in large-scale hydrogen projects. HydrogenForecast.com describes Shell's approach thus far as consisting of "baby steps", but with an underlying message of "extreme optimism".[102]
Shell holds 50% of Raízen, a joint venture with Brazilian sugarcane producer Cosan which is the third-largest Brazil-based energy company by revenues and a major producer of ethanol.[10]
In December 2016, Shell won the auction for the 700 MW Borssele III & IV offshore wind farms at a price of 5.45 c/kWh, beating 6 other consortia.[103]
Current projects[edit]
Arctic[edit]
Following the purchase of an offshore lease in 2005, Shell initiated its US$4.5 billion Arctic drilling program in 2006, after the corporation purchased the "Kulluk" oil rig and leased the Noble Discoverer drillship.[104][105] At inception, the project was led by Pete Slaiby, a Shell executive who had previously worked in the North Sea.[106] However, after the purchase of a second offshore lease in 2008, Shell only commenced drilling work in 2012, due to the refurbishment of rigs, permit delays from the relevant authorities and lawsuits.[107][108][109] The plans to drill in the Arctic led to protests from environmental groups, particularly Greenpeace; furthermore, analysts in the energy field, as well as related industries, also expressed skepticism due to perceptions that drilling in the region is "too dangerous because of harsh conditions and remote locations".[109][110]
Further problems hampered the Arctic project after the commencement of drilling in 2012, as Shell dealt with a series of issues that involved air permits, Coast Guard certification of a marine vessel and severe damage to essential oil-spill equipment. Additionally, difficult weather conditions resulted in the delay of drilling during mid-2012 and the already dire situation was exacerbated by the "Kulluk" incident at the end of the year. Royal Dutch Shell had invested nearly US$5 billion by this stage of the project.[106][109]
As the Kulluk oil rig was being towed to the American state of Washington to be serviced in preparation for the 2013 drilling season, a winter storm on 27 December 2012 caused the towing crews, as well as the rescue service, to lose control of the situation. As of 1 January 2013, the Kulluk was grounded off the coast Sitkalidak Island, near the eastern end of Kodiak Island. Following the accident, a Fortune magazine contacted Larry McKinney, the executive director at the Harte Research Institute for Gulf of Mexico Studies at Texas A&M, and he explained that "A two-month delay in the Arctic is not a two-month delay ... A two-month delay could wipe out the entire drilling season."[106]
It was unclear if Shell would recommence drilling in mid-2013, following the "Kulluk" incident and, in February 2013, the corporation stated that it would "pause" its closely watched drilling project off the Alaskan coast in 2013, and will instead prepare for future exploration.[111] In January 2014, the corporation announced the extension of the suspension of its drilling program in the Arctic, with chief executive van Beurden explaining that the project is "under review" due to both market and internal issues.[112]
A June 2014 interview with Pickard indicated that, following a forensic analysis of the problems encountered in 2012, Royal Dutch Shell will continue with the project and Pickard stated that she perceives the future of the corporation activity in the Arctic region as a long-term "marathon".[58] Pickard stated that the forensic "look back" revealed "there was an on/off switch" and further explained:

In other words, don't spend the money unless you're sure you're going to have the legal environment to go forward. Don't spend the money unless you're sure you're going to have the permit. No, I can't tell you that I'm going to have that permit until June, but we need to plan like we're going to have that permit in June. And so probably the biggest lesson is to make sure we could smooth out the on/off switches wherever we could and take control of our own destiny.[58]

Based upon the interview with Pickard, Shell is approaching the project as an investment that will reap energy resources with a lifespan of around 30 years.[58]
Controversies[edit]




Former Shell Research and Technology Centre, Amsterdam


Shell has been criticised for its businesses in Africa, notably in relation to protests of the Ogoni in 1995.[113]
In the 1990s, protesters criticised the company's environmental record, particularly the possible pollution caused by the proposed disposal of the Brent Spar platform into the North Sea. Despite support from the UK government, Shell reversed the decision under public pressure but maintained that sinking the platform would have been environmentally better.[114] Shell subsequently published an unequivocal commitment to sustainable development, supported by executive speeches reinforcing this commitment.[115]
2004 overstatement of oil reserves[edit]
In 2004 Shell overstated its oil reserves, resulting in loss of confidence in the group, a £17 million fine by the Financial Services Authority and the departure of the chairman Philip Watts. A lawsuit resulted in the payment of $450 million to non-American shareholders in 2007.[116][117][118]
Corporate communications[edit]




Shell Centre building in London, UK


Shell's advertising regarding its renewable energy business has been described as a greenwash by some environmental lobbies,[119] leading to criticism from the British Advertising Standards Authority which ruled that Shell had misled the public in an advertisement when it claimed that a $10 billion oil sands project in Alberta, Canada was a "sustainable energy source".[120]
Health and safety[edit]
A number of incidents over the years led to criticism of Shell's health and safety record, including repeated warnings by the UK Health and Safety Executive about the poor state of the company's North Sea platforms.[121]
Human rights[edit]
In the beginning of 1996, several human rights groups brought cases to hold Shell accountable for alleged human rights violations in Nigeria, including summary execution, crimes against humanity, torture, inhumane treatment and arbitrary arrest and detention. In particular, Shell stood accused of collaborating in the execution of Ken Saro-Wiwa and eight other leaders of the Ogoni tribe of southern Nigeria, who were hanged in 1995 by Nigeria's then military rulers.[122] The lawsuits were brought against Royal Dutch Shell and Brian Anderson, the head of its Nigerian operation.[123] In 2009, Shell agreed to pay $15.5m in a legal settlement.[122] Shell has not accepted any liability over the allegations against it.[124]
In 2009, Shell was the subject of an Amnesty International report into the deterioration of human rights as a consequence of Shell's activities in the Niger Delta. In particular, Amnesty criticised the continuation of gas flaring and Shell's slow response to oil spills.[125] In 1998, on its first public report on community and environmental issues in Nigeria, Shell promised "to end the practice of gas flaring in ten years, while pledging to establish a youth training scheme in Ogoniland".[126]
In 2010, a leaked cable revealed that Shell claims to have inserted staff into all the main ministries of the Nigerian government and know "everything that was being done in those ministries", according to Shell's top executive in Nigeria. The same executive also boasted that the Nigerian government had forgotten about the extent of Shell's infiltration.[71] Documents released in 2009 (but not used in the court case) reveal that Shell regularly made payments to the Nigerian military in order to prevent protests.[127]
Arctic project[edit]
According to the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management report in 2015 the chances of a major spill in a deep-sea Arctic drilling is 75% before century's end.[128]
Kodiak[edit]
In 2010 Greenpeace activists painted "No Arctic Drilling" with spilled BP oil on the side of a ship in the Gulf of Mexico that was en route to explore for Arctic oil for Shell. At the protest, Phil Radford of Greenpeace called for "President Obama [to] ban all offshore oil drilling and call for an end to the use of oil in our cars by 2030."[110]
On 16 March 2012, 52 Greenpeace activists from five different countries boarded Fennica and Nordica, multipurpose icebreakers chartered to support Shell's drilling rigs near Alaska.[129] Around the same time period, a reporter for Fortune magazine spoke with Edward Itta, an Inupiat Eskimo leader and the former mayor of the North Slope Borough, who expressed that he was conflicted about Shell's plans in the Arctic, as he was very concerned that an oil spill could destroy the Inupiat Eskimo's hunting-and-fishing culture, but his borough also received major tax revenue from oil and gas production; additionally, further revenue from energy activity was considered crucial to the future of the living standard in Itta's community.[106]
In July 2012, Greenpeace activists shut down 53 Shell petrol stations in Edinburgh and London in a protest against the company's plans to drill for oil in the Arctic. Greenpeace's "Save the Arctic" campaign aims to prevent oil drilling and industrial fishing in the Arctic by declaring the uninhabited area around the North Pole a global sanctuary.[130]
A review was announced after the Kulluk oil rig ran aground near Kodiak Island in December 2012.[131]
In response, Shell filed lawsuits to seek injunctions from possible protests, and Benjamin Jealous of the NAACP and Radford argued that the legal action was "trampling Americans' rights."[132] According to Greenpeace, Shell lodged a request with Google to take down video footage of a Greenpeace protest action that occurred at the Shell-sponsored Formula One (F1) Belgian Grand Prix on 25 August 2013, in which "SaveTheArctic.org" banners appear at the winners' podium ceremony. In the video, the banners rise up automatically—activists controlled their appearance with the use of four radio car antennas—revealing the website URL, alongside an image that consists of half of a polar bear's head and half of the Shell logo.[133]
Royal Dutch Shell then announced a "pause" in the timeline of the project in early 2013[111] and, in September 2015, the corporation announced the extension of the suspension of its drilling program in the Arctic.[134]
Polar Pioneer[edit]
A June 2014 interview with the corporation's new executive vice president of the Arctic indicated that Royal Dutch Shell will continue with its activity in the region.[58][112]
In Seattle protests began in May 2015 in response to the news that the Port of Seattle made an agreement with Shell to berth rigs at the Port's Terminal 5 during the off-season of oil exploration in Alaskan waters. The arrival of Shell's new Arctic drilling vessel, the Polar Pioneer ( IMO number: 8754140), a semi-submersible offshore drilling rig, was greeted by large numbers of environmental protesters paddling kayaks in Elliott Bay.[135][136]
On 6 May 2015 it was reported that during a coast guard inspection of the Polar Pioneer, a piece of anti-pollution gear failed, resulting in fines and delay of the operation.[137] Oil executives from Total and Eni interviewed by the New York Times, expressed scepticism about Shell's new ambitions for offshore drilling in the Arctic, and cited economic and environmental hurdles. ConocoPhillips and Statoil suspended Arctic drilling earlier, after Shell's failed attempt in 2012.[138]
Oil spills[edit]

Shell was responsible for around 21,000 gallons of oil spilled near Tracy, California in May 2016 due to a pipeline crack.[139]
Shell was responsible for a 88,200-gallon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico in May 2016.[140]
Two ruptures in a Shell Oil Co. pipeline in Altamont, California - one in September 2015 and another in May 2016 - had some questioning whether the Office of the State Fire Marshal, charged with overseeing the pipeline, was doing an adequate job.[141]

See also[edit]


Companies portal
Energy portal



Bataafse Petroleum Maatschappij
Chaco War
Lensbury
royaldutchshellplc.com
Shell Guides, a series of guidebooks
Shell V-Power
List of investors in Bernard L. Madoff Securities
List of companies based in London
Fossil fuels lobby

Notes[edit]



^ Proforma aggregate total for Royal Dutch Shell and BG Group combined.



References[edit]


^ a b c d e f g "Royal Dutch Shell plc Financial Statements". Google. Retrieved 10 July 2016. 
^ "About Shell". Shell. Retrieved 12 July 2013. 
^ "Global 500. Royal Dutch Shell". CNN. 2012. Retrieved 29 January 2013. 
^ Shell, Glencore, and Other Multinationals Dominate Their Home Economies 4 April 2013 BusinessWeek
^ Webb, Tim (17 March 2009). "Shell dumps wind, solar and hydro power in favour of biofuels". London: The Guardian. Retrieved 17 March 2013. 
^ "Wind". shell.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ "Shell at a glance". Royal Dutch Shell plc. Retrieved 30 August 2010. 
^ a b "8 Apr 2015 - Recommended Cash and Share Offer Announcement" (PDF). Royal Dutch Shell plc. Retrieved 29 October 2016. 
^ "Exploration & Production in the United States". Royal Dutch Shell plc. Archived from the original on 24 July 2011. Retrieved 30 August 2010. 
^ a b Shell and Cosan join forces for $ 12 billion ethanol venture
^ a b Fox, Justin (8 April 2015). "Stop Calling Shell an Oil Company". Bloomberg. Retrieved 29 October 2016. 
^ "Market Cap Rankings". Ycharts. Zacks Investment Research. 8 April 2012. Archived from the original on 31 March 2012. Retrieved 9 April 2012. 
^ "FTSE All-Share Index Ranking". stockchallenge.co.uk. Retrieved 1 January 2017. 
^ "Report: Qatar eyes largest piece of Shell". Upstream Online. NHST Media Group. 7 September 2012. Retrieved 8 September 2012. 
^ a b "The beginnings". shell.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ Fred Aftalion (2001). A History of the International Chemical Industry. Chemical Heritage Foundation. p. 142. ISBN 978-0-941901-29-1. 
^ Merrillees 2015, p. 60.
^ Royal Dutch Shell: History Archived 11 October 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Mark Forsyth (2011). The Etymologicon: A Circular Stroll through the Hidden Connections of the English Language. Icon Books. p. 140. ISBN 978-1-84831-319-4. 
^ Falola, Toyin; Genova, Ann (2005). The Politics of the Global Oil Industry: An Introduction. Greenwood Publishing Group. p. 30. 
^ a b F. C. Gerretson (1953). History of the Royal Dutch. Brill Archive. p. 346. GGKEY:NNJNHTLUZKG. 
^ a b F. C. Gerretson (1953). History of the Royal Dutch. Brill Archive. p. 346. GGKEY:NNJNHTLUZKG. 
^ a b c d e f g h i "The early 20th century". shell.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ Reference and contact details: GB 1566 SMBP Title:Shell-Mex and BP Archive Dates of Creation: 1900–1975 Held at: BP Archive GB 1566 SMBP
^ Peck, Merton J. & Scherer, Frederic M. The Weapons Acquisition Process: An Economic Analysis (1962) Harvard Business School p.619
^ Velschow, Klaus. "The Bombing of the Shellhus on March 21, 1945". milhist.dk. Archived from the original on 10 April 2014. Retrieved 21 April 2015. 
^ The Ferranti Mark 1* that went to Shell labs in Amsterdam, Netherlands (Dutch only)
^ "Analysis: Cash bounty lures miners into risky empire-building". Reuters. 27 September 2010. Retrieved 22 April 2011. 
^ The Shell Transport & Trading Company plc delisted from LSE
^ N.V. Koninklijke Nederlandsche Petroleum Maatschappij (English translation, Royal Dutch Petroleum Company) to Withdraw its Ordinary Shares, par value 0.56 Euro, from NYSE
^ Shell shareholders agree merger BBC News, 2005
^ "Iraq holds oil auction, Shell wins giant field". Reuters. 11 December 2009. Retrieved 22 August 2012. 
^ Pagnamenta, Robin (12 December 2009). "Shell secures vital toehold in 'the new Iraq' where oil is ready to flow". The Times. London. Retrieved 22 April 2011. 
^ 2009 Iraqi oil services contracts tender
^ "Shell bets on ethanol in $21 billion deal with Brazil's Cosan". Reuters. 1 February 2010. Retrieved 22 April 2011. 
^ "Shell to fund capital spending by selling LPG assets". 1 March 2010. Retrieved 11 March 2010. 
^ "Shell Acquires East Resources' Tight Gas Fields". Infogrok.com. 31 May 2010. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ a b Tom Bawden (17 January 2014). "Royal Dutch Shell issues shock profit warning". The Independent. London. Retrieved 24 February 2014. 
^ a b James Paton (21 February 2014). "Vitol to Pay Shell A$2.9 Billion for Australian Assets". Bloomberg. Retrieved 24 February 2014. 
^ Tiffany Hsu (8 April 2015). "Shell-BG tie-up could challenge market leader Exxon Mobil". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 8 April 2015. 
^ Rakteem Katakey (15 February 2016). "Shell Surpasses Chevron to Become No. 2 Oil Company: Chart". Bloomberg.com. 
^ Shell takes final investment decision to build a new petrochemicals complex in Pennsylvania, US Royal Dutch Shell (06/07/2016)
^ "Shell sells North Sea assets worth £2.46bn to Chrysaor". BBC News. 31 January 2017. Retrieved 10 June 2017. 
^ Williams, Nia (24 May 2017). "Shell, ConocoPhillips oil sands share selloff risks flooding market". Reuters. Retrieved 10 June 2017. 
^ Shell International Petroleum Company, Developments in Nigeria (London: March 1995)
^ "Niger Delta: Shell's manifestly false claims about oil pollution exposed, again". Amnesty International. 3 November 2015. Retrieved 26 March 2015. 
^ Shell Nigeria case: Court acquits firm on most charges, United Kingdom: BBC News, 30 January 2013 
^ "Argentinian town agrees to damages for oil spill". Radio Netherlands Worldwide. Radio Netherlands Worldwide. 18 May 2009. Retrieved 3 March 2014. 
^ "Court rules Shell must spend US$35mn on Magdalena clean-up". BNamericas. BNamericas. 22 November 2002. Retrieved 3 March 2014. 
^ Lieberman, Amy; Rust, Susanne (31 December 2015). "Big Oil braced for global warming while it fought regulations". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 22 January 2016. 
^ "Royal Dutch Shell PLC - AMEE". 
^ "From Well to Wheel: The Social, Environmental, and Climate Costs of Amazon Crude". Amazon Watch. Retrieved 27 March 2017. 
^ Carrington, Damian; Mommers, Jelmer (28 February 2017). "‘Shell knew’: oil giant's 1991 film warned of climate change danger". The Guardian. Retrieved 25 April 2017. 
^ Mommers, Jelmer; Carrington, Damian (28 February 2017). "If Shell knew climate change was dire 25 years ago, why still business as usual today?". The Correspondent. Retrieved 25 April 2017. 
^ Mommers, Jelmer (28 February 2017). "Shell made a film about climate change in 1991 (then neglected to heed its own warning)". The Correspondent. Retrieved 25 April 2017. 
^ "Royal Dutch Shell: Directors & Officers". FT.com. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Shell press release Archived 2 November 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b c d e Rik Kirkland (June 2014). "Leading in the 21st century: An interview with Shell's Ann Pickard". McKinsey & Company. McKinsey & Company. Retrieved 20 June 2014. 
^ "About Shell – The history of the Shell logo". About Shell. Shell International B.V. 15 June 2007. Archived from the original on 13 July 2010. Retrieved 10 March 2010. 
^ "Shell Haven celebrate a new jetty facility". Shell. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Business Superbrands, Editor: Marcel Knobil, Author James Curtis (2000), Superbrands Ltd. ISBN 978-0-9528153-4-1, p. 93.
^ "raymod loewy logos". designboom.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ "1980s to the new millennium – Shell Global". Shell Global. 17 December 2012. Retrieved 6 October 2013. 
^ "What we do". Shell. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Vertical integration". The Economist. 30 March 2009. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Industry Overview". Petroleum Services Association of Canada. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Facelift for Shell logo in pounds 500m 'new look' drive: Petrol giant plans to update outlets in 100 countries ready for next century". The Independent. 30 August 1993. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Shell to become full-time DJR Team Penske backer". Motorsport.com. 3 October 2016. 
^ "Post-war expansion". Shell. Retrieved 9 December 2010. 
^ "Where we operate". Shell. Archived from the original on 2 November 2010. Retrieved 9 December 2010. 
^ a b Smith, David (8 December 2010). "WikiLeaks cables: Shell's grip on Nigerian state revealed". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 9 December 2010. 
^ "Shell Group To Divest Assets In 21 African Countries". Peace FM Online. 8 April 2010. Archived from the original on 11 April 2010. 
^ Shell Denies Rumours of Planned Market Exit
^ "Stakes in four Nigerian oil fields being sold by Shell". Nigeria Sun. 27 August 2014. Retrieved 28 August 2014. 
^ "‘Inspiration’ in the skies: first Hong Kong-made plane prepares for epic world tour". Retrieved 28 July 2016. 
^ "‘Inspiration’ in the skies: first Hong Kong-made plane prepares for epic world tour". Retrieved 28 July 2016. 
^ 26 July 2016, Reuters.
^ "Pilipinas Shell Petroleum Corporation". Shell.com.ph. 17 February 2012. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ "Nasdaq.com". Nasdaq.com. 4 May 2012. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ "Report: PSE oks Pilipinas Shell’s P30B IPO". Upstream Online. Philippine Daily Inquirer. 29 September 2016. Retrieved 29 September 2016. 
^ "Shell Eastern Petroleum Ltd (SEPL), Singapore". ChemicalsTechnology. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Book "Down Many a Road", the story of Shell in Ireland from 1902 to 200 – Bob Montgomery Dreolín Publications 2002 ISBN 1-902773-11-X
^ Shell in Ireland Archived 8 August 2009 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Corrib". SubseaIQ. Bishop Interactive. Retrieved 9 August 2010. 
^ Making a big deal: the movers and shakers in Irish business Archived 30 May 2011 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Hennessy, Niamh (20 February 2008). "Topaz spending €50m re-branding Shell and Statoil stations nationwide". Archives.tcm.ie. Retrieved 17 May 2012. [dead link]
^ "7-Eleven and Shell join forces at 269 petrol stations" (Press release). Shell International B.V. 27 August 2007. Archived from the original on 29 August 2007. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ "Shell reviewing portfolio of LPG businesses" (Press release). Shell International B.V. 6 May 2010. Archived from the original on 17 May 2010. Retrieved 19 June 2010. 
^ "Shell Etsii mahdollista ostajaa Suomen toiminnoilleen" (Press release). Shell Finland. 6 April 2010. Retrieved 19 June 2010. [dead link]
^ "Keele buys Shell's Finnish and Swedish businesses" (Press release). Helsinki Times. 27 October 2010. Archived from the original on 1 August 2012. Retrieved 20 December 2011. 
^ "Reorganisation of North Sea operation to see Shell slash 250 jobs". Yahoo Finance. Retrieved 8 August 2014. 
^ Thomas C. Hayes (13 December 1990). "Shell Oil Shareholders Awarded $110 Million". The New York Times. Retrieved 27 February 2012. 
^ a b Peter Staas (3 June 2011). "Shell's Prelude FLNG Project: An Offshore Revolution?". Investing Daily. Capitol Information Group, Inc. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ a b Reuters and Associated Press (3 December 2013). "Shell's massive Prelude hull world's biggest-ever floating vessel and first ocean-based LNG plant". Financial Post. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ "Shell’s Prelude FLNG to start production in 2017?". LNG World News. 14 April 2016. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Ross Kelly (19 June 2014). "GDF Suez, Santos Halt Innovative LNG Plan in Australia". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ Matt Chambers (4 June 2013). "Geelong refinery writedown hits Shell for $203m". The Australian. Retrieved 6 June 2013. 
^ "Shell and Cosan join forces for $ 12 billion ethanol venture (Ecoseed)". 
^ "Shareholders reject Woodside plans to repurchase stake from Shell". Perth Herald. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ "SolarWorld Acquires Shell's Solar Business". RenewableEnergyWorld.com. 2 February 2006. Retrieved 18 August 2008. 
^ Shell pulls out of key wind power project, Financial Times, 1 May 2008
^ Stanley, Dean. "Shell Takes Flexible Approach to Fueling the Future". Executive View. Corland Publishing. Archived from the original on 20 August 2007. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ "Oil & Gas Giant to Build Dutch Borssele III & IV Offshore Wind Farms". Offshore Wind. 12 December 2016. Retrieved 14 December 2016. 
^ "Shell initiates Beaufort Sea oil exploration". Offshore Magazine. Pennwell Corporation. 17 March 2006. Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ Bailey, Alan (4 February 2007). "Shell proposes 18 wells". Petroleum News. 12 (5). Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ a b c d Jon Birger (3 January 2013). "What I learned aboard Shell's grounded Alaskan oil rig". Fortune Magazine. Time Inc. Retrieved 20 June 2014. 
^ Eaton, Joe (27 July 2012). "Shell Scales Back 2012 Arctic Drilling Goals". National Geographic. Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ Demer, Lisa (27 June 2012). "Shell drill rigs depart Seattle for Arctic waters in Alaska". Anchorage Daily News. Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ a b c Jerry Beilinson (1 January 2013). "What Shell's Kulluk Oil Rig Accident Means for Arctic Drilling". Popular Mechanics. Hearst Communication, Inc. Retrieved 20 June 2014. 
^ a b Phil Radford (24 May 2010). "[BP]resident Obama: Where Does BP Begin and Obama End?". The Huffington Post. Retrieved 5 October 2013. 
^ a b Mat Smith (27 February 2013). "Shell halts Arctic drill plans for 2013". CNN. Retrieved 27 February 2013. 
^ a b Terry Macalister (30 January 2014). "Shell shelves plan to drill in Alaskan Arctic this summer". The Guardian. Retrieved 3 March 2014. 
^ "The My Hero Project – Ken Saro Wiwa". Myhero.com. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ Brent Spar's long saga BBC News, 1998
^ Ek Kia, Tan (19 April 2005). "Sustainable Development in Shell" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 26 September 2007. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ G. Thomas Sims (12 April 2007). "Shell Settles With Europe on Overstated Oil Reserves". New York Times. 
^ Jill Treanor (31 May 2009). "Royal Dutch Shell to compensate shareholders for reserves scandal". The Guardian. London. 
^ Tim Fawcett (18 March 2004). "Shell's slippery slope". BBC News. 
^ Bruno, Kenny (24 January 2002). "Greenwash Award to Shell for Clouding the Issue". Campaigns. CorpWatch. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ John Vidal (13 August 2008). "Shell rapped by ASA for 'greenwash' advert". The Guardian. London. 
^ MacAlister, Terry (5 March 2007). "Shell safety record in North Sea takes a hammering". The Guardian. London. 
^ a b Ed Pilkington in New York (8 June 2009). "Shell pays out $15.5m over Saro-Wiwa killing". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ "Wiwa v. Shell". wiwavshell.org. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ "Shell settles Nigeria deaths case". BBC News. 9 June 2009. 
^ "Amnesty.org" (PDF). Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ Vogel, D. The market for virtue: The potential and limits of corporate social responsibility. 2006. p 143
^ Vidal, John (3 October 2011). "Shell oil paid Nigerian military to put down protests, court documents show". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 5 October 2011. Confidential memos, faxes, witness statements and other documents, released in 2009, show the company regularly paid the military to stop the peaceful protest movement against the pollution [...] In 2009, in a New York federal court, that evidence never saw light during the trial. 
^ Shell's Arctic oil rig departs Seattle as 'kayaktivists' warn of disaster The Guardian 15 June 2015
^ Activists protest at Shell's Finnish icebreaker rental. YLE, 16 March 2012. Retrieved 24 October 2012.
^ Laurie Tuffrey. "Greenpeace activists shut down 74 UK Shell petrol stations". the Guardian. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ Dan Joling (8 January 2013). "Salazar announces Arctic offshore drilling review; Coast Guard investigates Shell grounding". The Morning Call. The Associated Press. Retrieved 12 January 2013. [dead link]
^ Phil Radford and Benjamin Jealous (17 June 2013). "How Shell is trying to send a chill through activist groups across the country". Grist.org. Retrieved 5 October 2013. 
^ "Greenpeace protest at Shell Belgian F1 Grand Prix event – video" (Video upload). The Guardian. 27 August 2013. Retrieved 5 April 2014. 
^ "Shell abandons Alaska Arctic drilling". The Guardian. 28 September 2015. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Beekman, Daniel (14 May 2015). "More protests planned after giant oil rig muscles in". Seattle Times. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ "'Paddle in Seattle' Arctic oil drilling protest". BBC. 17 May 2015. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Vice (6 May 2015). "Shell Plans to Drill in the Arctic This Summer and It's Already Failed a Coast Guard Inspection". 
^ New York Times (12 May 2015). "Shell's Record Adds to the Anger of Those Opposing Arctic Drilling". 
^ "Oil pipeline near Tracy spills thousands of gallons of crude". Retrieved 17 June 2016. 
^ "Shell Oil Spill Dumps Thousands Of Barrels Of Crude Into Gulf Of Mexico". The Huffington Post. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Critics Question State Pipeline Oversight After 2 Altamont Oil Spills". KQUED. 10 October 2016. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 


Bibliography[edit]


"A Century in Oil" by Stephen Howarth [1997] ISBN 0-297-82247-0. A History of The "Shell" Transport and Trading Company.
"A History of Royal Dutch Shell" by Stephen Howarth and others [2007]. ISBN 978-0-19-929877-8
"Seven Sisters" by Anthony Sampson (1981) ISBN 978-0-553-23469-5
"Shell Shock: The secrets and spin of an Oil Giant" by Ian Cummins and John Beasant [2005]. ISBN 1-84018-941-X
Merrillees, Scott (2015). Jakarta: Portraits of a Capital 1950-1980. Jakarta: Equinox Publishing. ISBN 9786028397308. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Royal Dutch Shell.



Official website



Business data for Royal Dutch Shell plc:
Reuters
SEC filings



Royal Dutch Shell companies grouped at OpenCorporates
Works by Shell Union Oil Corporation at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about Royal Dutch Shell at Internet Archive
Works by Royal Dutch Shell at LibriVox (public domain audiobooks) 







v
t
e


Royal Dutch Shell



Divisions and
subsidiaries





Current




Asiatic Petroleum Company
Shell Australia
Shell Canada
Shell Chemicals
Shell Gas & Power
Ireland
Shell Nigeria
Shell Oil Company
Shell Pakistan






Former




Mexican Eagle Petroleum Company








Joint ventures





Current




Aera Energy
Albian Sands
Brunei LNG
Motiva Enterprises
Oman LNG
Pearl GTL
Sakhalin Energy






Former




Cellana
Shell-Mex and BP








Brands



Jiffy Lube
Pennzoil
Quaker State
Rain-X
Shell V-Power





People



M. King Hubbert
Fred Meissner
Gale Norton
Jorma Ollila
Rob Routs
Jeroen van der Veer
Peter Voser





Facilities and
places



Asiatic Petroleum Building
Brent Spar
Mars
Montreal East Refinery
proposed Pittsburgh ethane cracker plant
Rocky Mountain Arsenal
Scotford Upgrader
Shell Building
Shell Haven
Shell Mera
Shell Centre
Shell Centre (Calgary)
Shell Development Emeryville
Shell Mex House
One Shell Plaza
One Shell Square
Plaza Shell





Controversies



Corrib gas controversy
Movement for the Survival of the Ogoni People
Ken Saro-Wiwa
Wiwa v. Royal Dutch Shell Co.





Other



Answer Man
Club
Foundation
Guides
In Situ Conversion
Lennard's Carrying v Asiatic Petroleum
Novelty Service Station
Spectacular Sign
Turbo Chargers








 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


Petroleum industry






Petroleum
Primary energy









Benchmarks



Argus Sour
Bonny Light
Brent
Dubai
Indonesian
Isthmus-34 Light
Japan Cocktail
OPEC Reference Basket
Tapis
Urals
Western Canadian Select
West Texas Intermediate





Data




Natural gas



Consumption
Production
Reserves
Imports
Exports
Price





Petroleum



Consumption
Production
Reserves
Imports
Exports
Price (of gasoline and diesel)








Exploration



Core sampling
Geophysics
Integrated asset modelling
Petroleum engineering

Reservoir simulation
Seismic to simulation


Petroleum geology
Petrophysics
Reflection seismology (Seismic inversion)
Seismic source





Drilling



Blowout
Completion (Squeeze job)
Differential sticking
Directional drilling (Geosteering)
Drilling engineering
Drilling fluid (invasion)
Drill stem test
Lost circulation
Measurement
Tracers
Underbalanced drilling
Well logging





Production



Petroleum fiscal regime

Concessions
Production sharing agreements


Artificial lift

Pumpjack
Submersible pump (ESP)
Gas lift


Downstream
Enhanced oil recovery (EOR)

Steam injection
Gas reinjection


Midstream
Petroleum product
Pipeline transport
Refining
Upstream
Water injection
Well intervention
XT





History



1967 Oil Embargo
1973 oil crisis
1979 energy crisis
1980s oil glut
1990 oil price shock
2000s energy crisis
2010s oil glut
Founders
History of the petroleum industry
Nationalization
OPEC
GECF
Seven Sisters
Standard Oil
Oil market timelines





Provinces
and fields



List of natural gas fields
List of oil fields
East Midlands Oil Province
East Texas
Gulf of Mexico
Niger Delta
North Sea
Permian Basin
Persian Gulf
Prudhoe Bay Oil Field
Russia
Venezuela
Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin





Other topics



Acronyms
Oil shale gas
Peak oil

mitigation
timing


People
Petrocurrency
Petrodollar recycling
Shale gas
Swing producer
Unconventional oil

heavy crude
oil sands
oil shale















Companies and organisations








Major petroleum
companies





Supermajors



BP
Chevron
Eni
ExxonMobil
Royal Dutch Shell
Total






National oil
companies




ADNOC (UAE)
CNOOC (China)
CNPC (China)
Ecopetrol (Colombia)
Gazprom (Russia)
Iraq National Oil Company
Indian Oil Corporation
KazMunayGas (Kazakhstan)
Kuwait Petroleum Corporation
Lotos (Poland)
Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation
NIOC (Iran)
NISOC (Iran)
OGDCL (Pakistan)
ONGC (India)
PDVSA (Venezuela)
PKN Orlen (Poland)
Pemex (Mexico)
Pertamina (Indonesia)
PetroBangla (Bangladesh)
Petrobras (Brazil)
PetroChina
Petronas (Malaysia)
Petrovietnam
PTT (Thailand)
Qatar Petroleum
Rosneft (Russia)
Saudi Aramco (Saudi Arabia)
Sinopec (China)
SOCAR (Azerbaijan)
Sonangol (Angola)
Sonatrach (Algeria)
Statoil (Norway)
TPAO (Turkey)
YPF (Argentina)





Energy trading



Glencore
Gunvor
Mercuria
Naftiran Intertrade
Trafigura
Vitol





Other



Anadarko
Apache
BG Group
Cenovus Energy
Compañía Española de Petróleos
ConocoPhillips
Devon
Galp Energia
Hess
Husky Energy
Imperial Oil
Lukoil
Marathon Oil
Nippon Oil
Occidental
OMV
Port Harcourt Refining Company
Reliance Industries
Repsol
Suncor Energy
Surgutneftegas
TNK-BP
Tullow Oil
Tüpraş









Major services
companies




Amec Foster Wheeler
Baker Hughes
Cameron
CGG
CH2M Hill
Chicago Bridge & Iron Company
China Oilfield Services
Enbridge
Ensco
GE Oil & Gas
Halliburton
Nabors Industries
Naftiran Intertrade
National Oilwell Varco
Petrofac
Saipem
Schlumberger
Snam
Subsea 7
TransCanada
Transocean
Weatherford
Wood Group





Other



International Association of Oil & Gas Producers
International Energy Agency
International Petroleum Exchange
OPEC
Society of Petroleum Engineers
World Petroleum Council














Category
 Commons










Links to related articles











v
t
e


Energy in the United Kingdom








Companies







Coal



Anglo American
Asia Energy
BHP
ENRC
Glencore
Rio Tinto
UK Coal





Oil and gas




Integrated



BP
Royal Dutch Shell





Exploration and
production



Afren
BHP
Cairn Energy
Centrica
Dana Petroleum
Desire Petroleum
Emerald Energy
EnQuest
Essar Energy
Hardy Oil and Gas
JKX Oil & Gas
Melrose Resources
Ophir Energy
Perenco
Premier Oil
Regal Petroleum
Rockhopper Exploration
SOCO International
Star Energy
Tullow Oil





Supply



Greenergy
Murco Petroleum





Support



Abbot Group
AMEC
Ensco
Expro
Hunting
Petrofac
Qserv
Score Group
Weir Group
WesternGeco1
Wood Group








Utilities




Generation and
supply




Integrated



Centrica
EDF Energy1
E.ON UK1
RWE npower1
Scottish Power1
SSE





Generation



Drax Group
Falck Renewables
Horizon Nuclear Power1
International Power
Vattenfall United Kingdom1
Vedanta Resources





Supply



The Co-operative Energy
Ecotricity
ESB International
Extra Energy
Firmus Energy
First Utility
Good Energy
Green Energy
LoCO2 Energy
Opus Energy
Ovo Energy
Phoenix Natural Gas
Telecom Plus








Distribution




Electricity



Electricity North West1
Northern Powergrid1
SP Energy Networks1
SSE Power Distribution
UK Power Networks1
Western Power Distribution1





Gas



Firmus Energy
National Grid
Northern Gas Networks
Phoenix Natural Gas
SGN
Wales & West Utilities1








Transmission




Electricity



National Grid2
Scottish Hydro Electric Transmission
SP Energy Networks1





Gas



National Grid











Other



Aggreko
APX Group
Aquamarine Power
Ecogen
EnServe
Geothermal Engineering
Hi-Gen Power
Mark Group
Wavegen






Companies with headquarters and/or registered office in the UK but no applicable energy operations within the country shown in italics 1Ultimate parent company is not UK-based 2Integrated in the United States, no generation or supply activities in the UK














Energy sources







Coal



Coal Authority
Coal-fired power stations
Coal mines
Coal mining regions
Confederation of UK Coal Producers
Greenhouse gas emissions
History (Miners' strike
National Coal Board)
Open-pit coal mining





Electricity



Association of Electricity Producers
BritNed
East–West Interconnector
Energy switching services
Economy 7
Economy 10
Electricity billing
Green electricity
Grid Trade Master Agreement
HVDC Cross-Channel
HVDC Moyle
HVDC Norway–UK
Isle of Man to England Interconnector
National Grid

Control
Reserve Service


New Electricity Trading Arrangements
Power stations
Timeline of the electricity supply industry





Nuclear



Advanced gas-cooled reactor
Franco–British Nuclear Forum
Magnox
National Nuclear Laboratory
Nuclear Decommissioning Authority
Nuclear Liabilities Fund
Nuclear power stations
Office for Nuclear Regulation
Sellafield
United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority





Oil and gas



BBL Pipeline
Dash for Gas
Forties pipeline system
Fuel protests
Gas infrastructure
Greenhouse gas emissions
Hydrocarbon oil duty
Oil and Gas Authority
National Transmission System
Natural gas fields
Natural gas-fired power stations
North Sea oil
Oil & Gas UK
Oil fields
Oil-fired power stations
Oil infrastructure
Oil refineries
Petroleum revenue tax





Renewables




Biofuels



Biodiesel
Biofuel power stations
National Non-Food Crops Centre
Renewable Fuels Agency
Renewable Transport Fuel Obligation





Geothermal



Geothermal power stations





Hydroelectricity



Hydroelectric power stations
Severn Barrage
Wave farms





Solar power

 



Wind power



List of offshore wind farms
List of onshore wind farms
North Sea Offshore Grid
Wind power in Scotland



















Government and regulation







Organisations



Carbon Trust
Cenex
Committee on Climate Change
Department of Energy and Climate Change
Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs
Energy Saving Trust
Environment Agency
Office of Gas and Electricity Markets





Legislation and
initiatives



Carbon Emission Reduction Target
Climate Change Act 2008
Climate Change Agreement
Climate Change Levy
Climate Change and Sustainable Energy Act 2006
CRC Energy Efficiency Scheme
Display Energy Certificate
Energy Act 2013
Energy Performance Certificate
Fossil Fuel Levy
Low Carbon Building Programme
National Industrial Symbiosis Programme
Non-Fossil Fuel Obligation
Planning Act 2008
Renewable Heat Incentive
Renewables Obligation
United Kingdom Climate Change Programme
















Non-governmental organisations







Charities and
pressure groups



Ashden Award
BioRegional
Campaign against Climate Change
Centre for Alternative Technology
National Energy Action
Stop Climate Chaos
Tyndall Centre





Industry bodies



Combined Heat and Power Association
Energy Institute
Energy Networks Association
Energy Retail Association
Green Power Forum
RenewableUK
Utilities Intermediaries Association





Research



Centre for Renewable Energy Systems Technology
Energy Technologies Institute
Hadley Centre for Climate Prediction and Research
NaREC
Oil Depletion Analysis Centre
Sunbury Research Centre
UK Energy Research Centre
















Energy conservation






Association for the Conservation of Energy
British Energy Efficiency Federation
Close the Door campaign
Code for Sustainable Homes
Double Glazing & Conservatory Ombudsman Scheme
EcoHomes
Energy efficiency in British housing
Energy Saving Trust (Energy Saving Trust Recommended)
Greenhouse gas emissions
HTB
National Home Energy Rating











 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


 AEX companies of the Netherlands






Aalberts
ABN AMRO
Aegon
Ahold Delhaize
Akzo Nobel
Altice
ArcelorMittal
ASML
Boskalis
DSM
Galapagos
Gemalto
Heineken
ING
KPN
NN Group
Philips
Randstad
RELX
Royal Dutch Shell
SBM Offshore
Unibail-Rodamco
Unilever
Vopak
Wolters Kluwer












v
t
e


 FTSE 100 companies of the United Kingdom   → FTSE 250







3i
Admiral Group
Anglo American
Antofagasta
Ashtead Group
Associated British Foods
AstraZeneca
Aviva
BAE Systems
BHP
BP
Babcock International
Barclays
Barratt Developments
British American Tobacco
British Land
BT Group
Bunzl
Burberry
Carnival
Centrica
Coca-Cola HBC
Compass Group
ConvaTec
CRH
Croda International
DCC
Diageo
Direct Line Group
easyJet
Experian
Fresnillo
G4S
GKN
GlaxoSmithKline
Glencore
Hammerson
Hargreaves Lansdown
HSBC
Imperial Brands
Informa
InterContinental Hotels Group
International Airlines Group
Intertek
ITV
Johnson Matthey
Kingfisher
Land Securities Group
Legal & General
Lloyds Banking Group
London Stock Exchange Group
Marks & Spencer
Mediclinic International
Merlin Entertainments
Micro Focus International
Mondi
Morrisons
National Grid
Next
Old Mutual
Paddy Power Betfair
Pearson
Persimmon
Provident
Prudential
Randgold Resources
Royal Bank of Scotland
Reckitt Benckiser
RELX Group
Rentokil Initial
Rio Tinto Group
Rolls-Royce
Royal Dutch Shell
Royal Mail
RSA Insurance Group
Sage Group
J Sainsbury
Schroders
Scottish Mortgage Investment Trust
Segro
Severn Trent
Shire
Sky
Smith & Nephew
Smiths Group
Smurfit Kappa
SSE
Standard Chartered
Standard Life
St. James's Place
Taylor Wimpey
Tesco
TUI
Unilever
United Utilities
Vodafone
Whitbread
Wolseley
Worldpay
WPP
















 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Royal_Dutch_Shell&oldid=789456582"					
Categories: Royal Dutch ShellMultinational oil companiesOil companies of the NetherlandsOil and gas companies of the United KingdomAutomotive fuel brandsChemical companies of the NetherlandsChemical companies of the United KingdomCompanies based in LondonCompanies based in The HagueMultinational companies headquartered in the NetherlandsOrganisations based in the Netherlands with royal patronageMultinational companies based in the City of LondonNon-renewable resource companies established in 19071907 establishments in the Netherlands1907 establishments in the United KingdomCompanies listed on the London Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeEnergy companies established in 1907British companies established in 1907Companies formerly listed on the Amsterdam Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the Euronext AmsterdamDutch brandsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from February 2014Articles with dead external links from June 2014Use British English from May 2012Use dmy dates from May 2017IMO NumberOpenCorporates groupingsArticles with Project Gutenberg linksArticles with Internet Archive linksArticles with LibriVox links 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansAlemannischالعربيةবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGaeilge客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаLatinaLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPapiamentuPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng ViệtWinaray粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 7 July 2017, at 13:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Royal Dutch Shell - Wikipedia






















 






Royal Dutch Shell

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Royal Dutch Shell plc)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Shell Company" redirects here. It is not to be confused with Shell corporation.

Royal Dutch Shell plc





Headquarters in The Hague, Netherlands




Type

Public limited company


Traded as
LSE: RDSA, RDSB
Euronext: RDSA, RDSB
NYSE: RDS.A, RDS.B
FTSE 100 Component


ISIN
GB00B03MLX29


Industry
Oil and gas


Predecessor
Royal Dutch Petroleum Co. (1890)
The Shell Transport and Trading Company Limited (1897)


Founded
February 1907; 110 years ago (1907-02)


Headquarters
The Hague, Netherlands
(Headquarters)
Shell Centre, London, England
(Registered office)



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Charles O. Holliday (Chairman)
Ben van Beurden (CEO)


Products
Petroleum, natural gas, and other petrochemicals


Revenue
 US$233.6 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$2.36 billion (2016)[1]


Profit
 US$4.57 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$411.2 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$186.6 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

93,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
Shell Australia
Shell South Africa
Shell Canada
Shell Chemicals
Shell Gas & Power
Shell Hong Kong
Shell Nigeria
Shell Oil Company
Shell Pakistan


Website
www.shell.com


Royal Dutch Shell plc (LSE: RDSA, RDSB), commonly known as Shell, is a British–Dutch multinational oil and gas company headquartered in the Netherlands and incorporated in the United Kingdom.[2] It is one of the six oil and gas "supermajors" and the sixth-largest company in the world measured by 2016 revenues (and the largest based in Europe).[1] Shell was first in the 2013 Fortune Global 500 list of the world's largest companies;[3] in that year its revenues were equivalent to 84% of the Netherlands' $556 billion GDP.[4]
Shell is vertically integrated and is active in every area of the oil and gas industry, including exploration and production, refining, distribution and marketing, petrochemicals, power generation and trading. It also has renewable energy activities in the form of biofuels[5] and wind.[6] Shell has operations in over 70 countries, produces around 3.7 million barrels of oil equivalent per day and has 44,000 service stations worldwide.[7][8] As of 31 December 2014, Shell had total proved reserves of 13.7 billion barrels (2.18×109 m3) of oil equivalent.[8][note 1] Shell Oil Company, its principal subsidiary in the United States, is one of its largest businesses.[9] Shell holds 50% of Raízen, a joint venture with Cosan, which is the third-largest Brazil-based energy company by revenues and a major producer of ethanol.[10]
Shell was formed in 1907 through the amalgamation of the Royal Dutch Petroleum Company of the Netherlands and the "Shell" Transport and Trading Company of the United Kingdom. Until its unification in 2005 the firm operated as a dual-listed company, whereby the British and Dutch companies maintained their legal existence but operated as a single-unit partnership for business purposes. Shell first entered the chemicals industry in 1929. In 1970 Shell acquired the mining company Billiton, which it subsequently sold in 1994 and now forms part of BHP Billiton. In recent decades gas exploration and production has become an increasingly important part of Shell's business.[11] Shell acquired BG Group in 2016, making it the world's largest producer of liquefied natural gas (LNG).[11]
Shell has a primary listing on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index. It had a market capitalisation of £185 billion at the close of trading on 30 December 2016, by far the largest of any company listed on the London Stock Exchange and among the highest of any company in the world.[12][13] It has secondary listings on Euronext Amsterdam and the New York Stock Exchange. As of January 2013, Shell's largest shareholder was Capital Research Global Investors with 9.85% ahead of BlackRock in second with 6.89%.[14] Shell's logo, known as the "pecten", is one of the most familiar commercial symbols in the world.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins
1.2 20th century
1.3 21st century
1.4 Environmental record
1.5 Climate change


2 Corporate affairs

2.1 Management
2.2 Name and logo

2.2.1 Logo evolution




3 Operations

3.1 Business groupings
3.2 Oil and gas activities
3.3 Sponsorships


4 Africa
5 Asia

5.1 Hong Kong
5.2 Malaysia
5.3 Philippines
5.4 Singapore


6 Europe

6.1 Ireland
6.2 Nordic countries
6.3 United Kingdom


7 North America
8 Australia
9 Alternative energy
10 Current projects

10.1 Arctic


11 Controversies

11.1 2004 overstatement of oil reserves
11.2 Corporate communications
11.3 Health and safety
11.4 Human rights
11.5 Arctic project

11.5.1 Kodiak
11.5.2 Polar Pioneer
11.5.3 Oil spills




12 See also
13 Notes
14 References
15 Bibliography
16 External links



History[edit]
Origins[edit]




Royal Dutch Petroleum dock in the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia)






The oil well at Pangkalan Brandan, North Sumatra is considered to be the origin of the Royal Dutch Shell.


The Royal Dutch Shell Group was created in February 1907 through the amalgamation of two rival companies: the Royal Dutch Petroleum Company of the Netherlands and the Shell Transport and Trading Company Limited of the United Kingdom.[15] It was a move largely driven by the need to compete globally with Standard Oil.[16] The Royal Dutch Petroleum Company was a Dutch company founded in 1890 to develop an oilfield in Pangkalan Brandan, North Sumatra,[17] and initially led by August Kessler, Hugo Loudon, and Henri Deterding. The "Shell" Transport and Trading Company (the quotation marks were part of the legal name) was a British company, founded in 1897 by Marcus Samuel, 1st Viscount Bearsted, and his brother Samuel Samuel.[18] Their father had owned an antique company in Houndsditch, London,[19] which expanded in 1833 to import and sell sea-shells, after which the company "Shell" took its name.[15][20]
For various reasons, the new firm operated as a dual-listed company, whereby the merging companies maintained their legal existence, but operated as a single-unit partnership for business purposes. The terms of the merger gave 60 percent ownership of the new group to the Dutch arm and 40 percent to the British.[21]
National patriotic sensibilities would not permit a full-scale merger or takeover of either of the two companies.[21] The Dutch company, Koninklijke Nederlandsche Petroleum Maatschappij at The Hague, was in charge of production and manufacture.[22] The British Anglo-Saxon Petroleum Company was based in London, to direct the transport and storage of the products.[22]
20th century[edit]




Shell benzine for Sir Ernest Henry Shackleton, Antarctic Expedition 1915.


During the First World War, Shell was the main supplier of fuel to the British Expeditionary Force.[23] It was also the sole supplier of aviation fuel and supplied 80 percent of the British Army's TNT.[23] It also volunteered all of its shipping to the British Admiralty.[23]
The German invasion of Romania in 1916 saw 17% of the group's worldwide production destroyed.[23]
In 1919, Shell took control of the Mexican Eagle Petroleum Company and in 1921 formed Shell-Mex Limited which marketed products under the "Shell" and "Eagle" brands in the United Kingdom. In 1929, Shell Chemicals was founded.[23] By the end of the 1920s, Shell was the world's leading oil company, producing 11 percent of the world's crude oil supply and owning 10 percent of its tanker tonnage.[23]
Shell Mex House was completed in 1931, and was the head office for Shell's marketing activity worldwide.[23] In 1932, partly in response to the difficult economic conditions of the times, Shell-Mex merged its UK marketing operations with those of British Petroleum to create Shell-Mex and BP,[24] a company that traded until the brands separated in 1975. Royal Dutch Company ranked 79th among United States corporations in the value of World War II military production contracts.[25]
The 1930s saw Shell's Mexican assets seized by the local government.[23] After the invasion of the Netherlands by Germany in 1940, the head office of the Dutch companies was moved to Curacao.[23] In 1945 Shell's Danish headquarters in Copenhagen, at the time being used by the Gestapo, was bombed by Royal Air Force Mosquitoes in Operation Carthage.[26]
Around 1952, Shell was the first company to purchase and use a computer in the Netherlands.[27] The computer, a Ferranti Mark 1*, was assembled and used at the Shell laboratory in Amsterdam. In 1970 Shell acquired the mining company Billiton, which it subsequently sold in 1994 and now forms part of BHP Billiton.[28]
21st century[edit]
In November 2004, following a period of turmoil caused by the revelation that Shell had been overstating its oil reserves, it was announced that the Shell Group would move to a single capital structure, creating a new parent company to be named Royal Dutch Shell plc, with its primary listing on the London Stock Exchange, a secondary listing on the Amsterdam Stock Exchange, its headquarters and tax residency in The Hague, Netherlands and its registered office in London. The unification was completed on 20 July 2005 and the original owners delisted their companies from the respective exchanges. On 20 July 2005, the Shell Transport & Trading Company plc was delisted from the LSE,[29] where as, Royal Dutch Petroleum Company from NYSE on 18 November 2005.[30] The shares of the company were issued at a 60/40 advantage for the shareholders of Royal Dutch in line with the original ownership of the Shell Group.[31]
During the 2009 Iraqi oil services contracts tender, a consortium led by Shell (45%) and which included Petronas (30%) was awarded a production contract for the "Majnoon field" in the south of Iraq, which contains an estimated 12.6 billion barrels (2.00×109 m3) of oil.[32][33] The "West Qurna 1 field" production contract was awarded to a consortium led by ExxonMobil (60%) and included Shell (15%).[34]
In February 2010 Shell and Cosan formed a 50:50 joint-venture, Raízen, comprising all of Cosan's Brazilian ethanol, energy generation, fuel distribution and sugar activities, and all of Shell's Brazilian retail fuel and aviation distribution businesses.[35] In March 2010, Shell announced the sale of some of its assets, including its liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) business, to meet the cost of a planned $28bn capital spending programme. Shell invited buyers to submit indicative bids, due by 22 March, with a plan to raise $2–3bn from the sale.[36] In June 2010, Royal Dutch Shell agreed to acquire all the business of East Resources for a cash consideration of $4.7 billion. The transaction included East Resources' tight gas fields.[37]
Over the course of 2013, the corporation began the sale of its US shale gas assets and cancelled a US$20 billion gas project that was to be constructed in the US state of Louisiana. A new CEO Ben van Beurden was appointed in January 2014, prior to the announcement that the corporation's overall performance in 2013 was 38 per cent lower than 2012—the value of Shell's shares fell by 3 per cent as a result.[38] Following the sale of the majority of its Australian assets in February 2014, the corporation plans to sell a further US$15 billion worth of assets in the period leading up to 2015, with deals announced in Australia, Brazil and Italy.[39]
Royal Dutch Shell announced on 8 April 2015 it had agreed to buy BG Group for £47 billion (US$70 billion), subject to shareholder and regulatory approval.[40] The acquisition was completed in February 2016, resulting in Shell surpassing Chevron Corporation and becoming the world's second largest non-state oil company.[41]
On 7 June 2016, Royal Dutch Shell announced that it would build an ethane cracker plant near Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania after spending several years doing environmental cleanup of the proposed plant's site.[42]
In January 2017, Royal Dutch Shell agreed to sell £2.46bn worth of North Sea assets to oil exploration firm Chrysaor.[43] In 2017, Shell sold its oil sands assets to Canadian Natural Resources in exchange of approximately 8.8% stake in that company. In May 2017, it was reported that Shell plans to sell its shares in Canadian Natural Resources fully exiting the oil sands business.[44]
Environmental record[edit]
The presence of companies like Shell in the Niger-Delta has led to extreme environmental issues in the Niger Delta. Many pipelines in the Niger-Delta owned by Shell are old and corroded. Shell has acknowledged its responsibility for keeping the pipelines new but has also denied responsibility for environmental causes.[45] This has led to mass protests from the Niger-Delta inhabitants, Amnesty International, and Friends of the Earth Netherlands against Shell. It has also led to action plans to boycott Shell by environmental groups, and human rights groups.[46] In January 2013, a Dutch court rejected four out of five allegations brought against the firm over oil pollution in the Niger Delta but found a subsidiary guilty of one case of pollution, ordering compensation to be paid to a Nigerian farmer.[47]
On 15 January 1999, off the Argentinian town of Magdalena, Buenos Aires, the Shell tanker Estrella Pampeana collided with a German freighter, emptying its contents into the lake, polluting the environment, drinkable water, plants and animals. Over a decade after the spill, a referendum held in Magdalena determined the acceptance of a US$9.5 million compensatory payout from Shell.[48] Shell denied responsibility for the spill, but an Argentine court ruled in 2002 that the corporation was responsible.[49]
Shell joined the Global Climate Coalition of businesses opposed to greenhouse gas emission regulation. In 1989, Shell redesigned a $3-billion North Sea natural gas platform in the North Sea, raising its height one to two meters, to accommodate an anticipated sea level rise due to global warming.[50] In 2013, Royal Dutch Shell PLC reported CO2 emissions of 81 million metric tonnes.[51]
Shell is known to be processing oil from the Amazon region of South America, a large concern for environmentalists trying to protect the area. In the United States, the Martinez refinery (CA) and the Puget Sound Refinery (WA) carry Amazonian oil. In 2015, 14% of the Martinez refinery's gross, at 19,570 barrels per day, came from the Amazon. [52]
Climate change[edit]
In 2017, a public information film unseen for years resurfaced and showed Shell had clear grasp of global warming 26 years earlier but has not acted accordingly since, said critics. [53][54][55]
Corporate affairs[edit]
Management[edit]
On 4 August 2005, the board of directors announced the appointment of Jorma Ollila, chairman and CEO of Nokia at the time, to succeed Aad Jacobs as the company's non-executive chairman on 1 June 2006. Ollila is the first Shell chairman to be neither Dutch nor British. Other non-executive directors include Maarten van den Bergh, Wim Kok, Nina Henderson, Lord Kerr, Adelbert van Roxe, and Christine Morin-Postel.[56]
Since 3 January 2014, Ben van Beurden is CEO of Shell.[38] His Predecessor was Peter Voser who became CEO of Shell on 1 July 2009.[57]
Following a career at the corporation, in locations such as Australia and Africa, Ann Pickard was appointed as the executive vice president of the Arctic at Royal Dutch Shell, a role that was publicized in an interview with McKinsey & Company in June 2014.[58]
Name and logo[edit]
The name Shell is linked to The "Shell" Transport and Trading Company.[59] In 1833, the founder's father, Marcus Samuel Sr., founded an import business to sell seashells to London collectors. When collecting seashell specimens in the Caspian Sea area in 1892, the younger Samuel realised there was potential in exporting lamp oil from the region and commissioned the world's first purpose-built oil tanker, the Murex (Latin for a type of snail shell), to enter this market; by 1907 the company had a fleet. Although for several decades the company had a refinery at Shell Haven on the Thames, there is no evidence of this having provided the name.[60]
The Shell logo is one of the most familiar commercial symbols in the world. This logo is known as the "pecten" after the sea shell Pecten maximus (the giant scallop), on which its design is based. The yellow and red colours used are thought[61] to relate to the colours of the flag of Spain, as Shell built early service stations in California, previously a Spanish colony. The current revision of the logo was designed by Raymond Loewy in 1971.[62]
The slash was removed from the name "Royal Dutch/Shell" in 2005, concurrent with moves to merge the two legally separate companies (Royal Dutch and Shell) to the single legal entity which exists today.[63]
Logo evolution[edit]







1900









1904









1909









1930




Operations[edit]
Business groupings[edit]




Upstream activities currently generate around two-thirds of Shell's revenues


Shell is currently organised into four major business groupings:[64]

Upstream – manages the upstream business. It searches for and recovers crude oil and natural gas and operates the upstream and midstream infrastructure necessary to deliver oil and gas to the market. Its activities are organised primarily within geographic units, although there are some activities that are managed across the business or provided through support units.
Integrated Gas and New Energies – manages liquefying natural gas, converting gas to liquids and low-carbon opportunities.
Downstream – manages Shell's manufacturing, distribution and marketing activities for oil products and chemicals. Manufacturing and supply includes refinery, supply and shipping of crude oil.
Projects and technology – manages the delivery of Shell's major projects, provides technical services and technology capability covering both upstream and downstream activities. It is also responsible for providing functional leadership across Shell in the areas of health, safety and environment, and contracting and procurement.

Oil and gas activities[edit]




Former Shell oil depot in Kowloon, Hong Kong around the mid-1980s


Shell's primary business is the management of a vertically integrated oil company. The development of technical and commercial expertise in all stages of this vertical integration, from the initial search for oil (exploration) through its harvesting (production), transportation, refining and finally trading and marketing established the core competencies on which the company was founded. Similar competencies were required for natural gas, which has become one of the most important businesses in which Shell is involved, and which contributes a significant proportion of the company's profits. While the vertically integrated business model provided significant economies of scale and barriers to entry, each business now seeks to be a self-supporting unit without subsidies from other parts of the company.[65]
Traditionally, Shell was a heavily decentralised business worldwide (especially in the downstream) with companies in over 100 countries, each of which operated with a high degree of independence. The upstream tended to be far more centralised with much of the technical and financial direction coming from the central offices in The Hague. The upstream oil sector is also commonly known as the "exploration and production" sector.[66]
Downstream operations, which now also includes the chemicals business, generates a third of Shell's profits worldwide and is known for its global network of more than 40,000 petrol stations and its various oil refineries. The downstream business, which in some countries also included oil refining, generally included a retail petrol station network, lubricants manufacture and marketing, industrial fuel and lubricants sales and a host of other product/market sectors such as LPG and bitumen. The practice in Shell was that these businesses were essentially local and that they were best managed by local "operating companies" – often with middle and senior management reinforced by expatriates.[67]
Sponsorships[edit]
Shell has a long history of motorsport sponsorship, most notably Scuderia Ferrari (1951-1964, 1966-1973 and 1996-present), BRM (1962-1966 and 1968-1972), Scuderia Toro Rosso (2007-2013 and 2016), McLaren (1967-1968 and 1984-1994), Lotus (1968-1971), Team Penske (2011–present), Hyundai Motorsport (since 2005), AF Corse, Risi Competizione, BMW Motorsport and Dick Johnson Racing (1987-2004). It will again become title sponsor for the latter (now rebranded as DJR Team Penske) in 2017.[68]
Africa[edit]
Shell began drilling for oil in Africa during the 1950s. Shell began production in Nigeria in 1958.[69] Shell operates in the upstream oil sector in Algeria, Cameroon, Egypt, Gabon where is the giant Rabi-Kounga oil field, Ghana, Libya, Morocco, Nigeria, South Africa and Tunisia; and in the downstream sector in 16 other countries.[70]
In Nigeria, Shell told US diplomats that it had placed staff in all the main ministries of the government.[71]
In April 2010, Shell announced its intention to divest from downstream business of all African countries except South Africa and Egypt to Vitol and "Helios".[72] In several countries such as Tunisia, protests and strikes broke out. Shell denied rumours of the sellout.[73] Shell continues however upstream activities/extracting crude oil in the oil-rich Niger Delta as well as downstream/commercial activities in South Africa. In June 2013, the company announced a strategic review of its operations in Nigeria, hinting that assets could be divested. In August 2014, the company disclosed it was in the process of finalizing the sale of its interests in four Nigerian oil fields.[74]
Asia[edit]




A Shell gasoline station in Sabah, Malaysia


Hong Kong[edit]
Shell has been active in Hong Kong for a century, providing Retail, LPG, Commercial Fuel, Lubricants, Bitumen, Aviation, Marine and Chemicals services and products. Shell also sponsored the first Hong Kong-built aircraft, Inspiration', for its around-the-world trip.[75]
Malaysia[edit]
Shell discovered the first oil well in Malaysia in 1910, in Miri, Sarawak. Today the oil well is a state monument known as the Grand Old Lady. In 1914, following this discovery, Shell built Malaysia's first oil refinery and laid a submarine pipeline in Miri.[76][77]
Philippines[edit]




Shell oil depot (Poro Point, San Fernando, La Union, Philippines).


Royal Dutch Shell operates in the Philippines under its subsidiary, Pilipinas Shell Petroleum Corporation. Its headquarters is in Makati City and it has facilities in the Pandacan oil depot and other key locations.[78]
On January 2010, the Bureau of Customs claimed 7.34 billion pesos worth of unpaid excise taxes against Pilipinas Shell for importing Catalytic cracked gasoline (CCG) and light catalytic cracked gasoline (LCCG) stating that those imports are bound for tariff charges.[79]
In August 2016, Pilipinas Shell filed an application to sell US$629 million worth of primary and secondary shares to the investing public (registration statement) with the SEC. This was a prelude to filing its IPO listing application with the Philippine Stock Exchange. On 3 November 2016 the Pilipinas Shell Petroleum Corporation was officially listed on the Philippine Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol SHLPH after they held its Initial Public Offering on 19 to 25 October of the same year.[80]
Singapore[edit]
Shell has a strong presence in Singapore, indeed Singapore is the main centre for Shell's petrochemical operations in Asia Pacific region. Shell Eastern Petroleum limited (SEPL) have their refinery located in Singapore's Pulau Bukom island. They also operate as Shell Chemicals Seraya in Jurong Island.[81]
Europe[edit]
Ireland[edit]
Shell first started trading in Ireland in 1902.[82] Shell E&P Ireland (SEPIL) (previously Enterprise Energy Ireland) is an Irish exploration and production subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell. Its headquarters are on Leeson Street in Dublin. It was acquired in May 2002.[83] Its main project is the Corrib gas project, a large gas field off the northwest coast, for which Shell has encountered controversy and protests in relation to the onshore pipeline and licence terms.[84]
In 2005 Shell disposed of its entire retail and commercial fuels business in Ireland to Topaz Energy Group. This included depots, company-owned petrol stations and supply agreements stations throughout the island of Ireland.[85] The retail outlets were re-branded as Topaz in 2008/9.[86]
Nordic countries[edit]
On 27 August 2007, Royal Dutch Shell and Reitan Group, the owner of the 7-Eleven brand in Scandinavia, announced an agreement to re-brand some 269 service stations across Norway, Sweden, Finland and Denmark, subject to obtaining regulatory approvals under the different competition laws in each country.[87] On April 2010 Shell announced that the corporation is in process of trying to find a potential buyer for all of its operations in Finland and is doing similar market research concerning Swedish operations.[88][89] On October 2010 Shell's gas stations and the heavy vehicle fuel supply networks in Finland and Sweden, along with a refinery located in Gothenburg, Sweden were sold to St1, a Finnish energy company, more precisely to its major shareholding parent company Keele Oy.[90]
United Kingdom[edit]
In the UK sector of the North Sea Shell employs around 4,500 staff in Scotland as well as an additional 1,000 service contractors: however in August 2014 it announced it was laying off 250 of them, mainly in Aberdeen.[91]
North America[edit]
Main articles: Shell Oil Company and Shell Canada




Service station near Lost Hills, California






Shell gas station sign in Phoenix, Arizona






Shell gas station in Canada


Through most of Shell's early history, the Shell Oil Company business in the United States was substantially independent with its stock being traded on the NYSE and with little direct involvement from the group's central offices in the running of the American business. However, in 1984, Royal Dutch Shell made a bid to purchase those shares of Shell Oil Company it did not own (around 30%) and despite opposition from some minority shareholders, which led to a court case, Shell completed the buyout for a sum of $5.7 billion.[92]
Australia[edit]
On 20 May 2011, Royal Dutch Shell's final investment decision for the world's first floating liquefied natural gas (FLNG) facility was finalized following the discovery of the remote offshore Prelude field—located off Australia's northwestern coast and estimated to contain about 3 trillion cubic feet of natural gas equivalent reserves—in 2007. FLNG technology is based on liquefied natural gas (LNG) developments that were pioneered in the mid-20th century and facilitates the exploitation of untapped natural gas reserves located in remote areas, often too small to extract any other way.[93][94]
The floating vessel to be used for the Prelude field, known as Prelude FLNG, is promoted as the longest floating structure in the world and will take in the equivalent of 110,000 barrels of oil per day in natural gas—at a location 200 km (125 miles) off the coast of Western Australia—and cool it into liquefied natural gas for transport and sale in Asia. The Prelude is expected to start producing LNG in 2017[95]—analysts estimated the total cost of construction at more than US$12 billion.[93][94][96]
Following the decision by the Royal Dutch Shell fuel corporation to close its Geelong, Australia refinery in April 2013, a third consecutive annual loss was recorded for Shell's Australian refining and fuel marketing assets. Revealed in June 2013, the writedown is worth A$203 million, and was preceded by a A$638m writedown in 2012 and a A$407m writedown in 2011, after the closure of the Clyde refinery in Sydney, Australia.[97]
In February 2014, Shell sold its Australian refinery and petrol stations for US$2.6 billion (A$2.9 billion) to Vitol, a Geneva-based company.[98] Vitol stated that the Geelong refinery will remain open, as the company plans to expand further into the Australian market. At the time of the sale, Royal Dutch Shell was expected to continue investment into the Australian market, with projects that involve Chevron Corp., Woodside Petroleum and Prelude.[39]
Shell sold 9.5% of its 23.1% stake in Woodside Petroleum in June 2014 and advised that it had reached an agreement for Woodside to buy back 9.5% of its shares at a later stage. Shell became a major shareholder in Woodside after a 2001 takeover attempt was blocked by then federal Treasurer Peter Costello and the corporation has been open about its intention to sell its stake in Woodside as part of its target to shed assets. At a general body meeting, held on 1 August 2014, 72 percent of shareholders voted to approve the buy-back, short of the 75 percent vote that was required for approval. A statement from Shell read: "Royal Dutch Shell acknowledges the outcome of Woodside Petroleum Limited's shareholders' negative vote on the selective buy-back proposal. Shell is reviewing its options in relation to its remaining 13.6 percent holding."[99]
Alternative energy[edit]
In the early 2000s Shell moved into alternative energy and there is now an embryonic "Renewables" business that has made investments in solar power, wind power, hydrogen, and forestry. The forestry business went the way of nuclear, coal, metals and electricity generation, and was disposed of in 2003. In 2006 Shell paid SolarWorld to take over its entire solar business[100] and in 2008, the company withdrew from the London Array which has become the world's largest offshore wind farm.[101]
Shell also is involved in large-scale hydrogen projects. HydrogenForecast.com describes Shell's approach thus far as consisting of "baby steps", but with an underlying message of "extreme optimism".[102]
Shell holds 50% of Raízen, a joint venture with Brazilian sugarcane producer Cosan which is the third-largest Brazil-based energy company by revenues and a major producer of ethanol.[10]
In December 2016, Shell won the auction for the 700 MW Borssele III & IV offshore wind farms at a price of 5.45 c/kWh, beating 6 other consortia.[103]
Current projects[edit]
Arctic[edit]
Following the purchase of an offshore lease in 2005, Shell initiated its US$4.5 billion Arctic drilling program in 2006, after the corporation purchased the "Kulluk" oil rig and leased the Noble Discoverer drillship.[104][105] At inception, the project was led by Pete Slaiby, a Shell executive who had previously worked in the North Sea.[106] However, after the purchase of a second offshore lease in 2008, Shell only commenced drilling work in 2012, due to the refurbishment of rigs, permit delays from the relevant authorities and lawsuits.[107][108][109] The plans to drill in the Arctic led to protests from environmental groups, particularly Greenpeace; furthermore, analysts in the energy field, as well as related industries, also expressed skepticism due to perceptions that drilling in the region is "too dangerous because of harsh conditions and remote locations".[109][110]
Further problems hampered the Arctic project after the commencement of drilling in 2012, as Shell dealt with a series of issues that involved air permits, Coast Guard certification of a marine vessel and severe damage to essential oil-spill equipment. Additionally, difficult weather conditions resulted in the delay of drilling during mid-2012 and the already dire situation was exacerbated by the "Kulluk" incident at the end of the year. Royal Dutch Shell had invested nearly US$5 billion by this stage of the project.[106][109]
As the Kulluk oil rig was being towed to the American state of Washington to be serviced in preparation for the 2013 drilling season, a winter storm on 27 December 2012 caused the towing crews, as well as the rescue service, to lose control of the situation. As of 1 January 2013, the Kulluk was grounded off the coast Sitkalidak Island, near the eastern end of Kodiak Island. Following the accident, a Fortune magazine contacted Larry McKinney, the executive director at the Harte Research Institute for Gulf of Mexico Studies at Texas A&M, and he explained that "A two-month delay in the Arctic is not a two-month delay ... A two-month delay could wipe out the entire drilling season."[106]
It was unclear if Shell would recommence drilling in mid-2013, following the "Kulluk" incident and, in February 2013, the corporation stated that it would "pause" its closely watched drilling project off the Alaskan coast in 2013, and will instead prepare for future exploration.[111] In January 2014, the corporation announced the extension of the suspension of its drilling program in the Arctic, with chief executive van Beurden explaining that the project is "under review" due to both market and internal issues.[112]
A June 2014 interview with Pickard indicated that, following a forensic analysis of the problems encountered in 2012, Royal Dutch Shell will continue with the project and Pickard stated that she perceives the future of the corporation activity in the Arctic region as a long-term "marathon".[58] Pickard stated that the forensic "look back" revealed "there was an on/off switch" and further explained:

In other words, don't spend the money unless you're sure you're going to have the legal environment to go forward. Don't spend the money unless you're sure you're going to have the permit. No, I can't tell you that I'm going to have that permit until June, but we need to plan like we're going to have that permit in June. And so probably the biggest lesson is to make sure we could smooth out the on/off switches wherever we could and take control of our own destiny.[58]

Based upon the interview with Pickard, Shell is approaching the project as an investment that will reap energy resources with a lifespan of around 30 years.[58]
Controversies[edit]




Former Shell Research and Technology Centre, Amsterdam


Shell has been criticised for its businesses in Africa, notably in relation to protests of the Ogoni in 1995.[113]
In the 1990s, protesters criticised the company's environmental record, particularly the possible pollution caused by the proposed disposal of the Brent Spar platform into the North Sea. Despite support from the UK government, Shell reversed the decision under public pressure but maintained that sinking the platform would have been environmentally better.[114] Shell subsequently published an unequivocal commitment to sustainable development, supported by executive speeches reinforcing this commitment.[115]
2004 overstatement of oil reserves[edit]
In 2004 Shell overstated its oil reserves, resulting in loss of confidence in the group, a £17 million fine by the Financial Services Authority and the departure of the chairman Philip Watts. A lawsuit resulted in the payment of $450 million to non-American shareholders in 2007.[116][117][118]
Corporate communications[edit]




Shell Centre building in London, UK


Shell's advertising regarding its renewable energy business has been described as a greenwash by some environmental lobbies,[119] leading to criticism from the British Advertising Standards Authority which ruled that Shell had misled the public in an advertisement when it claimed that a $10 billion oil sands project in Alberta, Canada was a "sustainable energy source".[120]
Health and safety[edit]
A number of incidents over the years led to criticism of Shell's health and safety record, including repeated warnings by the UK Health and Safety Executive about the poor state of the company's North Sea platforms.[121]
Human rights[edit]
In the beginning of 1996, several human rights groups brought cases to hold Shell accountable for alleged human rights violations in Nigeria, including summary execution, crimes against humanity, torture, inhumane treatment and arbitrary arrest and detention. In particular, Shell stood accused of collaborating in the execution of Ken Saro-Wiwa and eight other leaders of the Ogoni tribe of southern Nigeria, who were hanged in 1995 by Nigeria's then military rulers.[122] The lawsuits were brought against Royal Dutch Shell and Brian Anderson, the head of its Nigerian operation.[123] In 2009, Shell agreed to pay $15.5m in a legal settlement.[122] Shell has not accepted any liability over the allegations against it.[124]
In 2009, Shell was the subject of an Amnesty International report into the deterioration of human rights as a consequence of Shell's activities in the Niger Delta. In particular, Amnesty criticised the continuation of gas flaring and Shell's slow response to oil spills.[125] In 1998, on its first public report on community and environmental issues in Nigeria, Shell promised "to end the practice of gas flaring in ten years, while pledging to establish a youth training scheme in Ogoniland".[126]
In 2010, a leaked cable revealed that Shell claims to have inserted staff into all the main ministries of the Nigerian government and know "everything that was being done in those ministries", according to Shell's top executive in Nigeria. The same executive also boasted that the Nigerian government had forgotten about the extent of Shell's infiltration.[71] Documents released in 2009 (but not used in the court case) reveal that Shell regularly made payments to the Nigerian military in order to prevent protests.[127]
Arctic project[edit]
According to the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management report in 2015 the chances of a major spill in a deep-sea Arctic drilling is 75% before century's end.[128]
Kodiak[edit]
In 2010 Greenpeace activists painted "No Arctic Drilling" with spilled BP oil on the side of a ship in the Gulf of Mexico that was en route to explore for Arctic oil for Shell. At the protest, Phil Radford of Greenpeace called for "President Obama [to] ban all offshore oil drilling and call for an end to the use of oil in our cars by 2030."[110]
On 16 March 2012, 52 Greenpeace activists from five different countries boarded Fennica and Nordica, multipurpose icebreakers chartered to support Shell's drilling rigs near Alaska.[129] Around the same time period, a reporter for Fortune magazine spoke with Edward Itta, an Inupiat Eskimo leader and the former mayor of the North Slope Borough, who expressed that he was conflicted about Shell's plans in the Arctic, as he was very concerned that an oil spill could destroy the Inupiat Eskimo's hunting-and-fishing culture, but his borough also received major tax revenue from oil and gas production; additionally, further revenue from energy activity was considered crucial to the future of the living standard in Itta's community.[106]
In July 2012, Greenpeace activists shut down 53 Shell petrol stations in Edinburgh and London in a protest against the company's plans to drill for oil in the Arctic. Greenpeace's "Save the Arctic" campaign aims to prevent oil drilling and industrial fishing in the Arctic by declaring the uninhabited area around the North Pole a global sanctuary.[130]
A review was announced after the Kulluk oil rig ran aground near Kodiak Island in December 2012.[131]
In response, Shell filed lawsuits to seek injunctions from possible protests, and Benjamin Jealous of the NAACP and Radford argued that the legal action was "trampling Americans' rights."[132] According to Greenpeace, Shell lodged a request with Google to take down video footage of a Greenpeace protest action that occurred at the Shell-sponsored Formula One (F1) Belgian Grand Prix on 25 August 2013, in which "SaveTheArctic.org" banners appear at the winners' podium ceremony. In the video, the banners rise up automatically—activists controlled their appearance with the use of four radio car antennas—revealing the website URL, alongside an image that consists of half of a polar bear's head and half of the Shell logo.[133]
Royal Dutch Shell then announced a "pause" in the timeline of the project in early 2013[111] and, in September 2015, the corporation announced the extension of the suspension of its drilling program in the Arctic.[134]
Polar Pioneer[edit]
A June 2014 interview with the corporation's new executive vice president of the Arctic indicated that Royal Dutch Shell will continue with its activity in the region.[58][112]
In Seattle protests began in May 2015 in response to the news that the Port of Seattle made an agreement with Shell to berth rigs at the Port's Terminal 5 during the off-season of oil exploration in Alaskan waters. The arrival of Shell's new Arctic drilling vessel, the Polar Pioneer ( IMO number: 8754140), a semi-submersible offshore drilling rig, was greeted by large numbers of environmental protesters paddling kayaks in Elliott Bay.[135][136]
On 6 May 2015 it was reported that during a coast guard inspection of the Polar Pioneer, a piece of anti-pollution gear failed, resulting in fines and delay of the operation.[137] Oil executives from Total and Eni interviewed by the New York Times, expressed scepticism about Shell's new ambitions for offshore drilling in the Arctic, and cited economic and environmental hurdles. ConocoPhillips and Statoil suspended Arctic drilling earlier, after Shell's failed attempt in 2012.[138]
Oil spills[edit]

Shell was responsible for around 21,000 gallons of oil spilled near Tracy, California in May 2016 due to a pipeline crack.[139]
Shell was responsible for a 88,200-gallon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico in May 2016.[140]
Two ruptures in a Shell Oil Co. pipeline in Altamont, California - one in September 2015 and another in May 2016 - had some questioning whether the Office of the State Fire Marshal, charged with overseeing the pipeline, was doing an adequate job.[141]

See also[edit]


Companies portal
Energy portal



Bataafse Petroleum Maatschappij
Chaco War
Lensbury
royaldutchshellplc.com
Shell Guides, a series of guidebooks
Shell V-Power
List of investors in Bernard L. Madoff Securities
List of companies based in London
Fossil fuels lobby

Notes[edit]



^ Proforma aggregate total for Royal Dutch Shell and BG Group combined.



References[edit]


^ a b c d e f g "Royal Dutch Shell plc Financial Statements". Google. Retrieved 10 July 2016. 
^ "About Shell". Shell. Retrieved 12 July 2013. 
^ "Global 500. Royal Dutch Shell". CNN. 2012. Retrieved 29 January 2013. 
^ Shell, Glencore, and Other Multinationals Dominate Their Home Economies 4 April 2013 BusinessWeek
^ Webb, Tim (17 March 2009). "Shell dumps wind, solar and hydro power in favour of biofuels". London: The Guardian. Retrieved 17 March 2013. 
^ "Wind". shell.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ "Shell at a glance". Royal Dutch Shell plc. Retrieved 30 August 2010. 
^ a b "8 Apr 2015 - Recommended Cash and Share Offer Announcement" (PDF). Royal Dutch Shell plc. Retrieved 29 October 2016. 
^ "Exploration & Production in the United States". Royal Dutch Shell plc. Archived from the original on 24 July 2011. Retrieved 30 August 2010. 
^ a b Shell and Cosan join forces for $ 12 billion ethanol venture
^ a b Fox, Justin (8 April 2015). "Stop Calling Shell an Oil Company". Bloomberg. Retrieved 29 October 2016. 
^ "Market Cap Rankings". Ycharts. Zacks Investment Research. 8 April 2012. Archived from the original on 31 March 2012. Retrieved 9 April 2012. 
^ "FTSE All-Share Index Ranking". stockchallenge.co.uk. Retrieved 1 January 2017. 
^ "Report: Qatar eyes largest piece of Shell". Upstream Online. NHST Media Group. 7 September 2012. Retrieved 8 September 2012. 
^ a b "The beginnings". shell.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ Fred Aftalion (2001). A History of the International Chemical Industry. Chemical Heritage Foundation. p. 142. ISBN 978-0-941901-29-1. 
^ Merrillees 2015, p. 60.
^ Royal Dutch Shell: History Archived 11 October 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Mark Forsyth (2011). The Etymologicon: A Circular Stroll through the Hidden Connections of the English Language. Icon Books. p. 140. ISBN 978-1-84831-319-4. 
^ Falola, Toyin; Genova, Ann (2005). The Politics of the Global Oil Industry: An Introduction. Greenwood Publishing Group. p. 30. 
^ a b F. C. Gerretson (1953). History of the Royal Dutch. Brill Archive. p. 346. GGKEY:NNJNHTLUZKG. 
^ a b F. C. Gerretson (1953). History of the Royal Dutch. Brill Archive. p. 346. GGKEY:NNJNHTLUZKG. 
^ a b c d e f g h i "The early 20th century". shell.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ Reference and contact details: GB 1566 SMBP Title:Shell-Mex and BP Archive Dates of Creation: 1900–1975 Held at: BP Archive GB 1566 SMBP
^ Peck, Merton J. & Scherer, Frederic M. The Weapons Acquisition Process: An Economic Analysis (1962) Harvard Business School p.619
^ Velschow, Klaus. "The Bombing of the Shellhus on March 21, 1945". milhist.dk. Archived from the original on 10 April 2014. Retrieved 21 April 2015. 
^ The Ferranti Mark 1* that went to Shell labs in Amsterdam, Netherlands (Dutch only)
^ "Analysis: Cash bounty lures miners into risky empire-building". Reuters. 27 September 2010. Retrieved 22 April 2011. 
^ The Shell Transport & Trading Company plc delisted from LSE
^ N.V. Koninklijke Nederlandsche Petroleum Maatschappij (English translation, Royal Dutch Petroleum Company) to Withdraw its Ordinary Shares, par value 0.56 Euro, from NYSE
^ Shell shareholders agree merger BBC News, 2005
^ "Iraq holds oil auction, Shell wins giant field". Reuters. 11 December 2009. Retrieved 22 August 2012. 
^ Pagnamenta, Robin (12 December 2009). "Shell secures vital toehold in 'the new Iraq' where oil is ready to flow". The Times. London. Retrieved 22 April 2011. 
^ 2009 Iraqi oil services contracts tender
^ "Shell bets on ethanol in $21 billion deal with Brazil's Cosan". Reuters. 1 February 2010. Retrieved 22 April 2011. 
^ "Shell to fund capital spending by selling LPG assets". 1 March 2010. Retrieved 11 March 2010. 
^ "Shell Acquires East Resources' Tight Gas Fields". Infogrok.com. 31 May 2010. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ a b Tom Bawden (17 January 2014). "Royal Dutch Shell issues shock profit warning". The Independent. London. Retrieved 24 February 2014. 
^ a b James Paton (21 February 2014). "Vitol to Pay Shell A$2.9 Billion for Australian Assets". Bloomberg. Retrieved 24 February 2014. 
^ Tiffany Hsu (8 April 2015). "Shell-BG tie-up could challenge market leader Exxon Mobil". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 8 April 2015. 
^ Rakteem Katakey (15 February 2016). "Shell Surpasses Chevron to Become No. 2 Oil Company: Chart". Bloomberg.com. 
^ Shell takes final investment decision to build a new petrochemicals complex in Pennsylvania, US Royal Dutch Shell (06/07/2016)
^ "Shell sells North Sea assets worth £2.46bn to Chrysaor". BBC News. 31 January 2017. Retrieved 10 June 2017. 
^ Williams, Nia (24 May 2017). "Shell, ConocoPhillips oil sands share selloff risks flooding market". Reuters. Retrieved 10 June 2017. 
^ Shell International Petroleum Company, Developments in Nigeria (London: March 1995)
^ "Niger Delta: Shell's manifestly false claims about oil pollution exposed, again". Amnesty International. 3 November 2015. Retrieved 26 March 2015. 
^ Shell Nigeria case: Court acquits firm on most charges, United Kingdom: BBC News, 30 January 2013 
^ "Argentinian town agrees to damages for oil spill". Radio Netherlands Worldwide. Radio Netherlands Worldwide. 18 May 2009. Retrieved 3 March 2014. 
^ "Court rules Shell must spend US$35mn on Magdalena clean-up". BNamericas. BNamericas. 22 November 2002. Retrieved 3 March 2014. 
^ Lieberman, Amy; Rust, Susanne (31 December 2015). "Big Oil braced for global warming while it fought regulations". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 22 January 2016. 
^ "Royal Dutch Shell PLC - AMEE". 
^ "From Well to Wheel: The Social, Environmental, and Climate Costs of Amazon Crude". Amazon Watch. Retrieved 27 March 2017. 
^ Carrington, Damian; Mommers, Jelmer (28 February 2017). "‘Shell knew’: oil giant's 1991 film warned of climate change danger". The Guardian. Retrieved 25 April 2017. 
^ Mommers, Jelmer; Carrington, Damian (28 February 2017). "If Shell knew climate change was dire 25 years ago, why still business as usual today?". The Correspondent. Retrieved 25 April 2017. 
^ Mommers, Jelmer (28 February 2017). "Shell made a film about climate change in 1991 (then neglected to heed its own warning)". The Correspondent. Retrieved 25 April 2017. 
^ "Royal Dutch Shell: Directors & Officers". FT.com. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Shell press release Archived 2 November 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b c d e Rik Kirkland (June 2014). "Leading in the 21st century: An interview with Shell's Ann Pickard". McKinsey & Company. McKinsey & Company. Retrieved 20 June 2014. 
^ "About Shell – The history of the Shell logo". About Shell. Shell International B.V. 15 June 2007. Archived from the original on 13 July 2010. Retrieved 10 March 2010. 
^ "Shell Haven celebrate a new jetty facility". Shell. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Business Superbrands, Editor: Marcel Knobil, Author James Curtis (2000), Superbrands Ltd. ISBN 978-0-9528153-4-1, p. 93.
^ "raymod loewy logos". designboom.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ "1980s to the new millennium – Shell Global". Shell Global. 17 December 2012. Retrieved 6 October 2013. 
^ "What we do". Shell. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Vertical integration". The Economist. 30 March 2009. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Industry Overview". Petroleum Services Association of Canada. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Facelift for Shell logo in pounds 500m 'new look' drive: Petrol giant plans to update outlets in 100 countries ready for next century". The Independent. 30 August 1993. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Shell to become full-time DJR Team Penske backer". Motorsport.com. 3 October 2016. 
^ "Post-war expansion". Shell. Retrieved 9 December 2010. 
^ "Where we operate". Shell. Archived from the original on 2 November 2010. Retrieved 9 December 2010. 
^ a b Smith, David (8 December 2010). "WikiLeaks cables: Shell's grip on Nigerian state revealed". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 9 December 2010. 
^ "Shell Group To Divest Assets In 21 African Countries". Peace FM Online. 8 April 2010. Archived from the original on 11 April 2010. 
^ Shell Denies Rumours of Planned Market Exit
^ "Stakes in four Nigerian oil fields being sold by Shell". Nigeria Sun. 27 August 2014. Retrieved 28 August 2014. 
^ "‘Inspiration’ in the skies: first Hong Kong-made plane prepares for epic world tour". Retrieved 28 July 2016. 
^ "‘Inspiration’ in the skies: first Hong Kong-made plane prepares for epic world tour". Retrieved 28 July 2016. 
^ 26 July 2016, Reuters.
^ "Pilipinas Shell Petroleum Corporation". Shell.com.ph. 17 February 2012. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ "Nasdaq.com". Nasdaq.com. 4 May 2012. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ "Report: PSE oks Pilipinas Shell’s P30B IPO". Upstream Online. Philippine Daily Inquirer. 29 September 2016. Retrieved 29 September 2016. 
^ "Shell Eastern Petroleum Ltd (SEPL), Singapore". ChemicalsTechnology. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Book "Down Many a Road", the story of Shell in Ireland from 1902 to 200 – Bob Montgomery Dreolín Publications 2002 ISBN 1-902773-11-X
^ Shell in Ireland Archived 8 August 2009 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Corrib". SubseaIQ. Bishop Interactive. Retrieved 9 August 2010. 
^ Making a big deal: the movers and shakers in Irish business Archived 30 May 2011 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Hennessy, Niamh (20 February 2008). "Topaz spending €50m re-branding Shell and Statoil stations nationwide". Archives.tcm.ie. Retrieved 17 May 2012. [dead link]
^ "7-Eleven and Shell join forces at 269 petrol stations" (Press release). Shell International B.V. 27 August 2007. Archived from the original on 29 August 2007. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ "Shell reviewing portfolio of LPG businesses" (Press release). Shell International B.V. 6 May 2010. Archived from the original on 17 May 2010. Retrieved 19 June 2010. 
^ "Shell Etsii mahdollista ostajaa Suomen toiminnoilleen" (Press release). Shell Finland. 6 April 2010. Retrieved 19 June 2010. [dead link]
^ "Keele buys Shell's Finnish and Swedish businesses" (Press release). Helsinki Times. 27 October 2010. Archived from the original on 1 August 2012. Retrieved 20 December 2011. 
^ "Reorganisation of North Sea operation to see Shell slash 250 jobs". Yahoo Finance. Retrieved 8 August 2014. 
^ Thomas C. Hayes (13 December 1990). "Shell Oil Shareholders Awarded $110 Million". The New York Times. Retrieved 27 February 2012. 
^ a b Peter Staas (3 June 2011). "Shell's Prelude FLNG Project: An Offshore Revolution?". Investing Daily. Capitol Information Group, Inc. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ a b Reuters and Associated Press (3 December 2013). "Shell's massive Prelude hull world's biggest-ever floating vessel and first ocean-based LNG plant". Financial Post. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ "Shell’s Prelude FLNG to start production in 2017?". LNG World News. 14 April 2016. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Ross Kelly (19 June 2014). "GDF Suez, Santos Halt Innovative LNG Plan in Australia". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ Matt Chambers (4 June 2013). "Geelong refinery writedown hits Shell for $203m". The Australian. Retrieved 6 June 2013. 
^ "Shell and Cosan join forces for $ 12 billion ethanol venture (Ecoseed)". 
^ "Shareholders reject Woodside plans to repurchase stake from Shell". Perth Herald. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ "SolarWorld Acquires Shell's Solar Business". RenewableEnergyWorld.com. 2 February 2006. Retrieved 18 August 2008. 
^ Shell pulls out of key wind power project, Financial Times, 1 May 2008
^ Stanley, Dean. "Shell Takes Flexible Approach to Fueling the Future". Executive View. Corland Publishing. Archived from the original on 20 August 2007. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ "Oil & Gas Giant to Build Dutch Borssele III & IV Offshore Wind Farms". Offshore Wind. 12 December 2016. Retrieved 14 December 2016. 
^ "Shell initiates Beaufort Sea oil exploration". Offshore Magazine. Pennwell Corporation. 17 March 2006. Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ Bailey, Alan (4 February 2007). "Shell proposes 18 wells". Petroleum News. 12 (5). Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ a b c d Jon Birger (3 January 2013). "What I learned aboard Shell's grounded Alaskan oil rig". Fortune Magazine. Time Inc. Retrieved 20 June 2014. 
^ Eaton, Joe (27 July 2012). "Shell Scales Back 2012 Arctic Drilling Goals". National Geographic. Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ Demer, Lisa (27 June 2012). "Shell drill rigs depart Seattle for Arctic waters in Alaska". Anchorage Daily News. Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ a b c Jerry Beilinson (1 January 2013). "What Shell's Kulluk Oil Rig Accident Means for Arctic Drilling". Popular Mechanics. Hearst Communication, Inc. Retrieved 20 June 2014. 
^ a b Phil Radford (24 May 2010). "[BP]resident Obama: Where Does BP Begin and Obama End?". The Huffington Post. Retrieved 5 October 2013. 
^ a b Mat Smith (27 February 2013). "Shell halts Arctic drill plans for 2013". CNN. Retrieved 27 February 2013. 
^ a b Terry Macalister (30 January 2014). "Shell shelves plan to drill in Alaskan Arctic this summer". The Guardian. Retrieved 3 March 2014. 
^ "The My Hero Project – Ken Saro Wiwa". Myhero.com. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ Brent Spar's long saga BBC News, 1998
^ Ek Kia, Tan (19 April 2005). "Sustainable Development in Shell" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 26 September 2007. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ G. Thomas Sims (12 April 2007). "Shell Settles With Europe on Overstated Oil Reserves". New York Times. 
^ Jill Treanor (31 May 2009). "Royal Dutch Shell to compensate shareholders for reserves scandal". The Guardian. London. 
^ Tim Fawcett (18 March 2004). "Shell's slippery slope". BBC News. 
^ Bruno, Kenny (24 January 2002). "Greenwash Award to Shell for Clouding the Issue". Campaigns. CorpWatch. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ John Vidal (13 August 2008). "Shell rapped by ASA for 'greenwash' advert". The Guardian. London. 
^ MacAlister, Terry (5 March 2007). "Shell safety record in North Sea takes a hammering". The Guardian. London. 
^ a b Ed Pilkington in New York (8 June 2009). "Shell pays out $15.5m over Saro-Wiwa killing". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ "Wiwa v. Shell". wiwavshell.org. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ "Shell settles Nigeria deaths case". BBC News. 9 June 2009. 
^ "Amnesty.org" (PDF). Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ Vogel, D. The market for virtue: The potential and limits of corporate social responsibility. 2006. p 143
^ Vidal, John (3 October 2011). "Shell oil paid Nigerian military to put down protests, court documents show". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 5 October 2011. Confidential memos, faxes, witness statements and other documents, released in 2009, show the company regularly paid the military to stop the peaceful protest movement against the pollution [...] In 2009, in a New York federal court, that evidence never saw light during the trial. 
^ Shell's Arctic oil rig departs Seattle as 'kayaktivists' warn of disaster The Guardian 15 June 2015
^ Activists protest at Shell's Finnish icebreaker rental. YLE, 16 March 2012. Retrieved 24 October 2012.
^ Laurie Tuffrey. "Greenpeace activists shut down 74 UK Shell petrol stations". the Guardian. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ Dan Joling (8 January 2013). "Salazar announces Arctic offshore drilling review; Coast Guard investigates Shell grounding". The Morning Call. The Associated Press. Retrieved 12 January 2013. [dead link]
^ Phil Radford and Benjamin Jealous (17 June 2013). "How Shell is trying to send a chill through activist groups across the country". Grist.org. Retrieved 5 October 2013. 
^ "Greenpeace protest at Shell Belgian F1 Grand Prix event – video" (Video upload). The Guardian. 27 August 2013. Retrieved 5 April 2014. 
^ "Shell abandons Alaska Arctic drilling". The Guardian. 28 September 2015. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Beekman, Daniel (14 May 2015). "More protests planned after giant oil rig muscles in". Seattle Times. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ "'Paddle in Seattle' Arctic oil drilling protest". BBC. 17 May 2015. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Vice (6 May 2015). "Shell Plans to Drill in the Arctic This Summer and It's Already Failed a Coast Guard Inspection". 
^ New York Times (12 May 2015). "Shell's Record Adds to the Anger of Those Opposing Arctic Drilling". 
^ "Oil pipeline near Tracy spills thousands of gallons of crude". Retrieved 17 June 2016. 
^ "Shell Oil Spill Dumps Thousands Of Barrels Of Crude Into Gulf Of Mexico". The Huffington Post. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Critics Question State Pipeline Oversight After 2 Altamont Oil Spills". KQUED. 10 October 2016. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 


Bibliography[edit]


"A Century in Oil" by Stephen Howarth [1997] ISBN 0-297-82247-0. A History of The "Shell" Transport and Trading Company.
"A History of Royal Dutch Shell" by Stephen Howarth and others [2007]. ISBN 978-0-19-929877-8
"Seven Sisters" by Anthony Sampson (1981) ISBN 978-0-553-23469-5
"Shell Shock: The secrets and spin of an Oil Giant" by Ian Cummins and John Beasant [2005]. ISBN 1-84018-941-X
Merrillees, Scott (2015). Jakarta: Portraits of a Capital 1950-1980. Jakarta: Equinox Publishing. ISBN 9786028397308. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Royal Dutch Shell.



Official website



Business data for Royal Dutch Shell plc:
Reuters
SEC filings



Royal Dutch Shell companies grouped at OpenCorporates
Works by Shell Union Oil Corporation at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about Royal Dutch Shell at Internet Archive
Works by Royal Dutch Shell at LibriVox (public domain audiobooks) 







v
t
e


Royal Dutch Shell



Divisions and
subsidiaries





Current




Asiatic Petroleum Company
Shell Australia
Shell Canada
Shell Chemicals
Shell Gas & Power
Ireland
Shell Nigeria
Shell Oil Company
Shell Pakistan






Former




Mexican Eagle Petroleum Company








Joint ventures





Current




Aera Energy
Albian Sands
Brunei LNG
Motiva Enterprises
Oman LNG
Pearl GTL
Sakhalin Energy






Former




Cellana
Shell-Mex and BP








Brands



Jiffy Lube
Pennzoil
Quaker State
Rain-X
Shell V-Power





People



M. King Hubbert
Fred Meissner
Gale Norton
Jorma Ollila
Rob Routs
Jeroen van der Veer
Peter Voser





Facilities and
places



Asiatic Petroleum Building
Brent Spar
Mars
Montreal East Refinery
proposed Pittsburgh ethane cracker plant
Rocky Mountain Arsenal
Scotford Upgrader
Shell Building
Shell Haven
Shell Mera
Shell Centre
Shell Centre (Calgary)
Shell Development Emeryville
Shell Mex House
One Shell Plaza
One Shell Square
Plaza Shell





Controversies



Corrib gas controversy
Movement for the Survival of the Ogoni People
Ken Saro-Wiwa
Wiwa v. Royal Dutch Shell Co.





Other



Answer Man
Club
Foundation
Guides
In Situ Conversion
Lennard's Carrying v Asiatic Petroleum
Novelty Service Station
Spectacular Sign
Turbo Chargers








 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


Petroleum industry






Petroleum
Primary energy









Benchmarks



Argus Sour
Bonny Light
Brent
Dubai
Indonesian
Isthmus-34 Light
Japan Cocktail
OPEC Reference Basket
Tapis
Urals
Western Canadian Select
West Texas Intermediate





Data




Natural gas



Consumption
Production
Reserves
Imports
Exports
Price





Petroleum



Consumption
Production
Reserves
Imports
Exports
Price (of gasoline and diesel)








Exploration



Core sampling
Geophysics
Integrated asset modelling
Petroleum engineering

Reservoir simulation
Seismic to simulation


Petroleum geology
Petrophysics
Reflection seismology (Seismic inversion)
Seismic source





Drilling



Blowout
Completion (Squeeze job)
Differential sticking
Directional drilling (Geosteering)
Drilling engineering
Drilling fluid (invasion)
Drill stem test
Lost circulation
Measurement
Tracers
Underbalanced drilling
Well logging





Production



Petroleum fiscal regime

Concessions
Production sharing agreements


Artificial lift

Pumpjack
Submersible pump (ESP)
Gas lift


Downstream
Enhanced oil recovery (EOR)

Steam injection
Gas reinjection


Midstream
Petroleum product
Pipeline transport
Refining
Upstream
Water injection
Well intervention
XT





History



1967 Oil Embargo
1973 oil crisis
1979 energy crisis
1980s oil glut
1990 oil price shock
2000s energy crisis
2010s oil glut
Founders
History of the petroleum industry
Nationalization
OPEC
GECF
Seven Sisters
Standard Oil
Oil market timelines





Provinces
and fields



List of natural gas fields
List of oil fields
East Midlands Oil Province
East Texas
Gulf of Mexico
Niger Delta
North Sea
Permian Basin
Persian Gulf
Prudhoe Bay Oil Field
Russia
Venezuela
Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin





Other topics



Acronyms
Oil shale gas
Peak oil

mitigation
timing


People
Petrocurrency
Petrodollar recycling
Shale gas
Swing producer
Unconventional oil

heavy crude
oil sands
oil shale















Companies and organisations








Major petroleum
companies





Supermajors



BP
Chevron
Eni
ExxonMobil
Royal Dutch Shell
Total






National oil
companies




ADNOC (UAE)
CNOOC (China)
CNPC (China)
Ecopetrol (Colombia)
Gazprom (Russia)
Iraq National Oil Company
Indian Oil Corporation
KazMunayGas (Kazakhstan)
Kuwait Petroleum Corporation
Lotos (Poland)
Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation
NIOC (Iran)
NISOC (Iran)
OGDCL (Pakistan)
ONGC (India)
PDVSA (Venezuela)
PKN Orlen (Poland)
Pemex (Mexico)
Pertamina (Indonesia)
PetroBangla (Bangladesh)
Petrobras (Brazil)
PetroChina
Petronas (Malaysia)
Petrovietnam
PTT (Thailand)
Qatar Petroleum
Rosneft (Russia)
Saudi Aramco (Saudi Arabia)
Sinopec (China)
SOCAR (Azerbaijan)
Sonangol (Angola)
Sonatrach (Algeria)
Statoil (Norway)
TPAO (Turkey)
YPF (Argentina)





Energy trading



Glencore
Gunvor
Mercuria
Naftiran Intertrade
Trafigura
Vitol





Other



Anadarko
Apache
BG Group
Cenovus Energy
Compañía Española de Petróleos
ConocoPhillips
Devon
Galp Energia
Hess
Husky Energy
Imperial Oil
Lukoil
Marathon Oil
Nippon Oil
Occidental
OMV
Port Harcourt Refining Company
Reliance Industries
Repsol
Suncor Energy
Surgutneftegas
TNK-BP
Tullow Oil
Tüpraş









Major services
companies




Amec Foster Wheeler
Baker Hughes
Cameron
CGG
CH2M Hill
Chicago Bridge & Iron Company
China Oilfield Services
Enbridge
Ensco
GE Oil & Gas
Halliburton
Nabors Industries
Naftiran Intertrade
National Oilwell Varco
Petrofac
Saipem
Schlumberger
Snam
Subsea 7
TransCanada
Transocean
Weatherford
Wood Group





Other



International Association of Oil & Gas Producers
International Energy Agency
International Petroleum Exchange
OPEC
Society of Petroleum Engineers
World Petroleum Council














Category
 Commons










Links to related articles











v
t
e


Energy in the United Kingdom








Companies







Coal



Anglo American
Asia Energy
BHP
ENRC
Glencore
Rio Tinto
UK Coal





Oil and gas




Integrated



BP
Royal Dutch Shell





Exploration and
production



Afren
BHP
Cairn Energy
Centrica
Dana Petroleum
Desire Petroleum
Emerald Energy
EnQuest
Essar Energy
Hardy Oil and Gas
JKX Oil & Gas
Melrose Resources
Ophir Energy
Perenco
Premier Oil
Regal Petroleum
Rockhopper Exploration
SOCO International
Star Energy
Tullow Oil





Supply



Greenergy
Murco Petroleum





Support



Abbot Group
AMEC
Ensco
Expro
Hunting
Petrofac
Qserv
Score Group
Weir Group
WesternGeco1
Wood Group








Utilities




Generation and
supply




Integrated



Centrica
EDF Energy1
E.ON UK1
RWE npower1
Scottish Power1
SSE





Generation



Drax Group
Falck Renewables
Horizon Nuclear Power1
International Power
Vattenfall United Kingdom1
Vedanta Resources





Supply



The Co-operative Energy
Ecotricity
ESB International
Extra Energy
Firmus Energy
First Utility
Good Energy
Green Energy
LoCO2 Energy
Opus Energy
Ovo Energy
Phoenix Natural Gas
Telecom Plus








Distribution




Electricity



Electricity North West1
Northern Powergrid1
SP Energy Networks1
SSE Power Distribution
UK Power Networks1
Western Power Distribution1





Gas



Firmus Energy
National Grid
Northern Gas Networks
Phoenix Natural Gas
SGN
Wales & West Utilities1








Transmission




Electricity



National Grid2
Scottish Hydro Electric Transmission
SP Energy Networks1





Gas



National Grid











Other



Aggreko
APX Group
Aquamarine Power
Ecogen
EnServe
Geothermal Engineering
Hi-Gen Power
Mark Group
Wavegen






Companies with headquarters and/or registered office in the UK but no applicable energy operations within the country shown in italics 1Ultimate parent company is not UK-based 2Integrated in the United States, no generation or supply activities in the UK














Energy sources







Coal



Coal Authority
Coal-fired power stations
Coal mines
Coal mining regions
Confederation of UK Coal Producers
Greenhouse gas emissions
History (Miners' strike
National Coal Board)
Open-pit coal mining





Electricity



Association of Electricity Producers
BritNed
East–West Interconnector
Energy switching services
Economy 7
Economy 10
Electricity billing
Green electricity
Grid Trade Master Agreement
HVDC Cross-Channel
HVDC Moyle
HVDC Norway–UK
Isle of Man to England Interconnector
National Grid

Control
Reserve Service


New Electricity Trading Arrangements
Power stations
Timeline of the electricity supply industry





Nuclear



Advanced gas-cooled reactor
Franco–British Nuclear Forum
Magnox
National Nuclear Laboratory
Nuclear Decommissioning Authority
Nuclear Liabilities Fund
Nuclear power stations
Office for Nuclear Regulation
Sellafield
United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority





Oil and gas



BBL Pipeline
Dash for Gas
Forties pipeline system
Fuel protests
Gas infrastructure
Greenhouse gas emissions
Hydrocarbon oil duty
Oil and Gas Authority
National Transmission System
Natural gas fields
Natural gas-fired power stations
North Sea oil
Oil & Gas UK
Oil fields
Oil-fired power stations
Oil infrastructure
Oil refineries
Petroleum revenue tax





Renewables




Biofuels



Biodiesel
Biofuel power stations
National Non-Food Crops Centre
Renewable Fuels Agency
Renewable Transport Fuel Obligation





Geothermal



Geothermal power stations





Hydroelectricity



Hydroelectric power stations
Severn Barrage
Wave farms





Solar power

 



Wind power



List of offshore wind farms
List of onshore wind farms
North Sea Offshore Grid
Wind power in Scotland



















Government and regulation







Organisations



Carbon Trust
Cenex
Committee on Climate Change
Department of Energy and Climate Change
Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs
Energy Saving Trust
Environment Agency
Office of Gas and Electricity Markets





Legislation and
initiatives



Carbon Emission Reduction Target
Climate Change Act 2008
Climate Change Agreement
Climate Change Levy
Climate Change and Sustainable Energy Act 2006
CRC Energy Efficiency Scheme
Display Energy Certificate
Energy Act 2013
Energy Performance Certificate
Fossil Fuel Levy
Low Carbon Building Programme
National Industrial Symbiosis Programme
Non-Fossil Fuel Obligation
Planning Act 2008
Renewable Heat Incentive
Renewables Obligation
United Kingdom Climate Change Programme
















Non-governmental organisations







Charities and
pressure groups



Ashden Award
BioRegional
Campaign against Climate Change
Centre for Alternative Technology
National Energy Action
Stop Climate Chaos
Tyndall Centre





Industry bodies



Combined Heat and Power Association
Energy Institute
Energy Networks Association
Energy Retail Association
Green Power Forum
RenewableUK
Utilities Intermediaries Association





Research



Centre for Renewable Energy Systems Technology
Energy Technologies Institute
Hadley Centre for Climate Prediction and Research
NaREC
Oil Depletion Analysis Centre
Sunbury Research Centre
UK Energy Research Centre
















Energy conservation






Association for the Conservation of Energy
British Energy Efficiency Federation
Close the Door campaign
Code for Sustainable Homes
Double Glazing & Conservatory Ombudsman Scheme
EcoHomes
Energy efficiency in British housing
Energy Saving Trust (Energy Saving Trust Recommended)
Greenhouse gas emissions
HTB
National Home Energy Rating











 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


 AEX companies of the Netherlands






Aalberts
ABN AMRO
Aegon
Ahold Delhaize
Akzo Nobel
Altice
ArcelorMittal
ASML
Boskalis
DSM
Galapagos
Gemalto
Heineken
ING
KPN
NN Group
Philips
Randstad
RELX
Royal Dutch Shell
SBM Offshore
Unibail-Rodamco
Unilever
Vopak
Wolters Kluwer












v
t
e


 FTSE 100 companies of the United Kingdom   → FTSE 250







3i
Admiral Group
Anglo American
Antofagasta
Ashtead Group
Associated British Foods
AstraZeneca
Aviva
BAE Systems
BHP
BP
Babcock International
Barclays
Barratt Developments
British American Tobacco
British Land
BT Group
Bunzl
Burberry
Carnival
Centrica
Coca-Cola HBC
Compass Group
ConvaTec
CRH
Croda International
DCC
Diageo
Direct Line Group
easyJet
Experian
Fresnillo
G4S
GKN
GlaxoSmithKline
Glencore
Hammerson
Hargreaves Lansdown
HSBC
Imperial Brands
Informa
InterContinental Hotels Group
International Airlines Group
Intertek
ITV
Johnson Matthey
Kingfisher
Land Securities Group
Legal & General
Lloyds Banking Group
London Stock Exchange Group
Marks & Spencer
Mediclinic International
Merlin Entertainments
Micro Focus International
Mondi
Morrisons
National Grid
Next
Old Mutual
Paddy Power Betfair
Pearson
Persimmon
Provident
Prudential
Randgold Resources
Royal Bank of Scotland
Reckitt Benckiser
RELX Group
Rentokil Initial
Rio Tinto Group
Rolls-Royce
Royal Dutch Shell
Royal Mail
RSA Insurance Group
Sage Group
J Sainsbury
Schroders
Scottish Mortgage Investment Trust
Segro
Severn Trent
Shire
Sky
Smith & Nephew
Smiths Group
Smurfit Kappa
SSE
Standard Chartered
Standard Life
St. James's Place
Taylor Wimpey
Tesco
TUI
Unilever
United Utilities
Vodafone
Whitbread
Wolseley
Worldpay
WPP
















 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Royal_Dutch_Shell&oldid=789456582"					
Categories: Royal Dutch ShellMultinational oil companiesOil companies of the NetherlandsOil and gas companies of the United KingdomAutomotive fuel brandsChemical companies of the NetherlandsChemical companies of the United KingdomCompanies based in LondonCompanies based in The HagueMultinational companies headquartered in the NetherlandsOrganisations based in the Netherlands with royal patronageMultinational companies based in the City of LondonNon-renewable resource companies established in 19071907 establishments in the Netherlands1907 establishments in the United KingdomCompanies listed on the London Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeEnergy companies established in 1907British companies established in 1907Companies formerly listed on the Amsterdam Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the Euronext AmsterdamDutch brandsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from February 2014Articles with dead external links from June 2014Use British English from May 2012Use dmy dates from May 2017IMO NumberOpenCorporates groupingsArticles with Project Gutenberg linksArticles with Internet Archive linksArticles with LibriVox links 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansAlemannischالعربيةবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGaeilge客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаLatinaLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPapiamentuPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng ViệtWinaray粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 7 July 2017, at 13:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Royal Dutch Shell - Wikipedia






















 






Royal Dutch Shell

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Royal Dutch Shell plc)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Shell Company" redirects here. It is not to be confused with Shell corporation.

Royal Dutch Shell plc





Headquarters in The Hague, Netherlands




Type

Public limited company


Traded as
LSE: RDSA, RDSB
Euronext: RDSA, RDSB
NYSE: RDS.A, RDS.B
FTSE 100 Component


ISIN
GB00B03MLX29


Industry
Oil and gas


Predecessor
Royal Dutch Petroleum Co. (1890)
The Shell Transport and Trading Company Limited (1897)


Founded
February 1907; 110 years ago (1907-02)


Headquarters
The Hague, Netherlands
(Headquarters)
Shell Centre, London, England
(Registered office)



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Charles O. Holliday (Chairman)
Ben van Beurden (CEO)


Products
Petroleum, natural gas, and other petrochemicals


Revenue
 US$233.6 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$2.36 billion (2016)[1]


Profit
 US$4.57 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$411.2 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$186.6 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

93,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
Shell Australia
Shell South Africa
Shell Canada
Shell Chemicals
Shell Gas & Power
Shell Hong Kong
Shell Nigeria
Shell Oil Company
Shell Pakistan


Website
www.shell.com


Royal Dutch Shell plc (LSE: RDSA, RDSB), commonly known as Shell, is a British–Dutch multinational oil and gas company headquartered in the Netherlands and incorporated in the United Kingdom.[2] It is one of the six oil and gas "supermajors" and the sixth-largest company in the world measured by 2016 revenues (and the largest based in Europe).[1] Shell was first in the 2013 Fortune Global 500 list of the world's largest companies;[3] in that year its revenues were equivalent to 84% of the Netherlands' $556 billion GDP.[4]
Shell is vertically integrated and is active in every area of the oil and gas industry, including exploration and production, refining, distribution and marketing, petrochemicals, power generation and trading. It also has renewable energy activities in the form of biofuels[5] and wind.[6] Shell has operations in over 70 countries, produces around 3.7 million barrels of oil equivalent per day and has 44,000 service stations worldwide.[7][8] As of 31 December 2014, Shell had total proved reserves of 13.7 billion barrels (2.18×109 m3) of oil equivalent.[8][note 1] Shell Oil Company, its principal subsidiary in the United States, is one of its largest businesses.[9] Shell holds 50% of Raízen, a joint venture with Cosan, which is the third-largest Brazil-based energy company by revenues and a major producer of ethanol.[10]
Shell was formed in 1907 through the amalgamation of the Royal Dutch Petroleum Company of the Netherlands and the "Shell" Transport and Trading Company of the United Kingdom. Until its unification in 2005 the firm operated as a dual-listed company, whereby the British and Dutch companies maintained their legal existence but operated as a single-unit partnership for business purposes. Shell first entered the chemicals industry in 1929. In 1970 Shell acquired the mining company Billiton, which it subsequently sold in 1994 and now forms part of BHP Billiton. In recent decades gas exploration and production has become an increasingly important part of Shell's business.[11] Shell acquired BG Group in 2016, making it the world's largest producer of liquefied natural gas (LNG).[11]
Shell has a primary listing on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index. It had a market capitalisation of £185 billion at the close of trading on 30 December 2016, by far the largest of any company listed on the London Stock Exchange and among the highest of any company in the world.[12][13] It has secondary listings on Euronext Amsterdam and the New York Stock Exchange. As of January 2013, Shell's largest shareholder was Capital Research Global Investors with 9.85% ahead of BlackRock in second with 6.89%.[14] Shell's logo, known as the "pecten", is one of the most familiar commercial symbols in the world.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins
1.2 20th century
1.3 21st century
1.4 Environmental record
1.5 Climate change


2 Corporate affairs

2.1 Management
2.2 Name and logo

2.2.1 Logo evolution




3 Operations

3.1 Business groupings
3.2 Oil and gas activities
3.3 Sponsorships


4 Africa
5 Asia

5.1 Hong Kong
5.2 Malaysia
5.3 Philippines
5.4 Singapore


6 Europe

6.1 Ireland
6.2 Nordic countries
6.3 United Kingdom


7 North America
8 Australia
9 Alternative energy
10 Current projects

10.1 Arctic


11 Controversies

11.1 2004 overstatement of oil reserves
11.2 Corporate communications
11.3 Health and safety
11.4 Human rights
11.5 Arctic project

11.5.1 Kodiak
11.5.2 Polar Pioneer
11.5.3 Oil spills




12 See also
13 Notes
14 References
15 Bibliography
16 External links



History[edit]
Origins[edit]




Royal Dutch Petroleum dock in the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia)






The oil well at Pangkalan Brandan, North Sumatra is considered to be the origin of the Royal Dutch Shell.


The Royal Dutch Shell Group was created in February 1907 through the amalgamation of two rival companies: the Royal Dutch Petroleum Company of the Netherlands and the Shell Transport and Trading Company Limited of the United Kingdom.[15] It was a move largely driven by the need to compete globally with Standard Oil.[16] The Royal Dutch Petroleum Company was a Dutch company founded in 1890 to develop an oilfield in Pangkalan Brandan, North Sumatra,[17] and initially led by August Kessler, Hugo Loudon, and Henri Deterding. The "Shell" Transport and Trading Company (the quotation marks were part of the legal name) was a British company, founded in 1897 by Marcus Samuel, 1st Viscount Bearsted, and his brother Samuel Samuel.[18] Their father had owned an antique company in Houndsditch, London,[19] which expanded in 1833 to import and sell sea-shells, after which the company "Shell" took its name.[15][20]
For various reasons, the new firm operated as a dual-listed company, whereby the merging companies maintained their legal existence, but operated as a single-unit partnership for business purposes. The terms of the merger gave 60 percent ownership of the new group to the Dutch arm and 40 percent to the British.[21]
National patriotic sensibilities would not permit a full-scale merger or takeover of either of the two companies.[21] The Dutch company, Koninklijke Nederlandsche Petroleum Maatschappij at The Hague, was in charge of production and manufacture.[22] The British Anglo-Saxon Petroleum Company was based in London, to direct the transport and storage of the products.[22]
20th century[edit]




Shell benzine for Sir Ernest Henry Shackleton, Antarctic Expedition 1915.


During the First World War, Shell was the main supplier of fuel to the British Expeditionary Force.[23] It was also the sole supplier of aviation fuel and supplied 80 percent of the British Army's TNT.[23] It also volunteered all of its shipping to the British Admiralty.[23]
The German invasion of Romania in 1916 saw 17% of the group's worldwide production destroyed.[23]
In 1919, Shell took control of the Mexican Eagle Petroleum Company and in 1921 formed Shell-Mex Limited which marketed products under the "Shell" and "Eagle" brands in the United Kingdom. In 1929, Shell Chemicals was founded.[23] By the end of the 1920s, Shell was the world's leading oil company, producing 11 percent of the world's crude oil supply and owning 10 percent of its tanker tonnage.[23]
Shell Mex House was completed in 1931, and was the head office for Shell's marketing activity worldwide.[23] In 1932, partly in response to the difficult economic conditions of the times, Shell-Mex merged its UK marketing operations with those of British Petroleum to create Shell-Mex and BP,[24] a company that traded until the brands separated in 1975. Royal Dutch Company ranked 79th among United States corporations in the value of World War II military production contracts.[25]
The 1930s saw Shell's Mexican assets seized by the local government.[23] After the invasion of the Netherlands by Germany in 1940, the head office of the Dutch companies was moved to Curacao.[23] In 1945 Shell's Danish headquarters in Copenhagen, at the time being used by the Gestapo, was bombed by Royal Air Force Mosquitoes in Operation Carthage.[26]
Around 1952, Shell was the first company to purchase and use a computer in the Netherlands.[27] The computer, a Ferranti Mark 1*, was assembled and used at the Shell laboratory in Amsterdam. In 1970 Shell acquired the mining company Billiton, which it subsequently sold in 1994 and now forms part of BHP Billiton.[28]
21st century[edit]
In November 2004, following a period of turmoil caused by the revelation that Shell had been overstating its oil reserves, it was announced that the Shell Group would move to a single capital structure, creating a new parent company to be named Royal Dutch Shell plc, with its primary listing on the London Stock Exchange, a secondary listing on the Amsterdam Stock Exchange, its headquarters and tax residency in The Hague, Netherlands and its registered office in London. The unification was completed on 20 July 2005 and the original owners delisted their companies from the respective exchanges. On 20 July 2005, the Shell Transport & Trading Company plc was delisted from the LSE,[29] where as, Royal Dutch Petroleum Company from NYSE on 18 November 2005.[30] The shares of the company were issued at a 60/40 advantage for the shareholders of Royal Dutch in line with the original ownership of the Shell Group.[31]
During the 2009 Iraqi oil services contracts tender, a consortium led by Shell (45%) and which included Petronas (30%) was awarded a production contract for the "Majnoon field" in the south of Iraq, which contains an estimated 12.6 billion barrels (2.00×109 m3) of oil.[32][33] The "West Qurna 1 field" production contract was awarded to a consortium led by ExxonMobil (60%) and included Shell (15%).[34]
In February 2010 Shell and Cosan formed a 50:50 joint-venture, Raízen, comprising all of Cosan's Brazilian ethanol, energy generation, fuel distribution and sugar activities, and all of Shell's Brazilian retail fuel and aviation distribution businesses.[35] In March 2010, Shell announced the sale of some of its assets, including its liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) business, to meet the cost of a planned $28bn capital spending programme. Shell invited buyers to submit indicative bids, due by 22 March, with a plan to raise $2–3bn from the sale.[36] In June 2010, Royal Dutch Shell agreed to acquire all the business of East Resources for a cash consideration of $4.7 billion. The transaction included East Resources' tight gas fields.[37]
Over the course of 2013, the corporation began the sale of its US shale gas assets and cancelled a US$20 billion gas project that was to be constructed in the US state of Louisiana. A new CEO Ben van Beurden was appointed in January 2014, prior to the announcement that the corporation's overall performance in 2013 was 38 per cent lower than 2012—the value of Shell's shares fell by 3 per cent as a result.[38] Following the sale of the majority of its Australian assets in February 2014, the corporation plans to sell a further US$15 billion worth of assets in the period leading up to 2015, with deals announced in Australia, Brazil and Italy.[39]
Royal Dutch Shell announced on 8 April 2015 it had agreed to buy BG Group for £47 billion (US$70 billion), subject to shareholder and regulatory approval.[40] The acquisition was completed in February 2016, resulting in Shell surpassing Chevron Corporation and becoming the world's second largest non-state oil company.[41]
On 7 June 2016, Royal Dutch Shell announced that it would build an ethane cracker plant near Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania after spending several years doing environmental cleanup of the proposed plant's site.[42]
In January 2017, Royal Dutch Shell agreed to sell £2.46bn worth of North Sea assets to oil exploration firm Chrysaor.[43] In 2017, Shell sold its oil sands assets to Canadian Natural Resources in exchange of approximately 8.8% stake in that company. In May 2017, it was reported that Shell plans to sell its shares in Canadian Natural Resources fully exiting the oil sands business.[44]
Environmental record[edit]
The presence of companies like Shell in the Niger-Delta has led to extreme environmental issues in the Niger Delta. Many pipelines in the Niger-Delta owned by Shell are old and corroded. Shell has acknowledged its responsibility for keeping the pipelines new but has also denied responsibility for environmental causes.[45] This has led to mass protests from the Niger-Delta inhabitants, Amnesty International, and Friends of the Earth Netherlands against Shell. It has also led to action plans to boycott Shell by environmental groups, and human rights groups.[46] In January 2013, a Dutch court rejected four out of five allegations brought against the firm over oil pollution in the Niger Delta but found a subsidiary guilty of one case of pollution, ordering compensation to be paid to a Nigerian farmer.[47]
On 15 January 1999, off the Argentinian town of Magdalena, Buenos Aires, the Shell tanker Estrella Pampeana collided with a German freighter, emptying its contents into the lake, polluting the environment, drinkable water, plants and animals. Over a decade after the spill, a referendum held in Magdalena determined the acceptance of a US$9.5 million compensatory payout from Shell.[48] Shell denied responsibility for the spill, but an Argentine court ruled in 2002 that the corporation was responsible.[49]
Shell joined the Global Climate Coalition of businesses opposed to greenhouse gas emission regulation. In 1989, Shell redesigned a $3-billion North Sea natural gas platform in the North Sea, raising its height one to two meters, to accommodate an anticipated sea level rise due to global warming.[50] In 2013, Royal Dutch Shell PLC reported CO2 emissions of 81 million metric tonnes.[51]
Shell is known to be processing oil from the Amazon region of South America, a large concern for environmentalists trying to protect the area. In the United States, the Martinez refinery (CA) and the Puget Sound Refinery (WA) carry Amazonian oil. In 2015, 14% of the Martinez refinery's gross, at 19,570 barrels per day, came from the Amazon. [52]
Climate change[edit]
In 2017, a public information film unseen for years resurfaced and showed Shell had clear grasp of global warming 26 years earlier but has not acted accordingly since, said critics. [53][54][55]
Corporate affairs[edit]
Management[edit]
On 4 August 2005, the board of directors announced the appointment of Jorma Ollila, chairman and CEO of Nokia at the time, to succeed Aad Jacobs as the company's non-executive chairman on 1 June 2006. Ollila is the first Shell chairman to be neither Dutch nor British. Other non-executive directors include Maarten van den Bergh, Wim Kok, Nina Henderson, Lord Kerr, Adelbert van Roxe, and Christine Morin-Postel.[56]
Since 3 January 2014, Ben van Beurden is CEO of Shell.[38] His Predecessor was Peter Voser who became CEO of Shell on 1 July 2009.[57]
Following a career at the corporation, in locations such as Australia and Africa, Ann Pickard was appointed as the executive vice president of the Arctic at Royal Dutch Shell, a role that was publicized in an interview with McKinsey & Company in June 2014.[58]
Name and logo[edit]
The name Shell is linked to The "Shell" Transport and Trading Company.[59] In 1833, the founder's father, Marcus Samuel Sr., founded an import business to sell seashells to London collectors. When collecting seashell specimens in the Caspian Sea area in 1892, the younger Samuel realised there was potential in exporting lamp oil from the region and commissioned the world's first purpose-built oil tanker, the Murex (Latin for a type of snail shell), to enter this market; by 1907 the company had a fleet. Although for several decades the company had a refinery at Shell Haven on the Thames, there is no evidence of this having provided the name.[60]
The Shell logo is one of the most familiar commercial symbols in the world. This logo is known as the "pecten" after the sea shell Pecten maximus (the giant scallop), on which its design is based. The yellow and red colours used are thought[61] to relate to the colours of the flag of Spain, as Shell built early service stations in California, previously a Spanish colony. The current revision of the logo was designed by Raymond Loewy in 1971.[62]
The slash was removed from the name "Royal Dutch/Shell" in 2005, concurrent with moves to merge the two legally separate companies (Royal Dutch and Shell) to the single legal entity which exists today.[63]
Logo evolution[edit]







1900









1904









1909









1930




Operations[edit]
Business groupings[edit]




Upstream activities currently generate around two-thirds of Shell's revenues


Shell is currently organised into four major business groupings:[64]

Upstream – manages the upstream business. It searches for and recovers crude oil and natural gas and operates the upstream and midstream infrastructure necessary to deliver oil and gas to the market. Its activities are organised primarily within geographic units, although there are some activities that are managed across the business or provided through support units.
Integrated Gas and New Energies – manages liquefying natural gas, converting gas to liquids and low-carbon opportunities.
Downstream – manages Shell's manufacturing, distribution and marketing activities for oil products and chemicals. Manufacturing and supply includes refinery, supply and shipping of crude oil.
Projects and technology – manages the delivery of Shell's major projects, provides technical services and technology capability covering both upstream and downstream activities. It is also responsible for providing functional leadership across Shell in the areas of health, safety and environment, and contracting and procurement.

Oil and gas activities[edit]




Former Shell oil depot in Kowloon, Hong Kong around the mid-1980s


Shell's primary business is the management of a vertically integrated oil company. The development of technical and commercial expertise in all stages of this vertical integration, from the initial search for oil (exploration) through its harvesting (production), transportation, refining and finally trading and marketing established the core competencies on which the company was founded. Similar competencies were required for natural gas, which has become one of the most important businesses in which Shell is involved, and which contributes a significant proportion of the company's profits. While the vertically integrated business model provided significant economies of scale and barriers to entry, each business now seeks to be a self-supporting unit without subsidies from other parts of the company.[65]
Traditionally, Shell was a heavily decentralised business worldwide (especially in the downstream) with companies in over 100 countries, each of which operated with a high degree of independence. The upstream tended to be far more centralised with much of the technical and financial direction coming from the central offices in The Hague. The upstream oil sector is also commonly known as the "exploration and production" sector.[66]
Downstream operations, which now also includes the chemicals business, generates a third of Shell's profits worldwide and is known for its global network of more than 40,000 petrol stations and its various oil refineries. The downstream business, which in some countries also included oil refining, generally included a retail petrol station network, lubricants manufacture and marketing, industrial fuel and lubricants sales and a host of other product/market sectors such as LPG and bitumen. The practice in Shell was that these businesses were essentially local and that they were best managed by local "operating companies" – often with middle and senior management reinforced by expatriates.[67]
Sponsorships[edit]
Shell has a long history of motorsport sponsorship, most notably Scuderia Ferrari (1951-1964, 1966-1973 and 1996-present), BRM (1962-1966 and 1968-1972), Scuderia Toro Rosso (2007-2013 and 2016), McLaren (1967-1968 and 1984-1994), Lotus (1968-1971), Team Penske (2011–present), Hyundai Motorsport (since 2005), AF Corse, Risi Competizione, BMW Motorsport and Dick Johnson Racing (1987-2004). It will again become title sponsor for the latter (now rebranded as DJR Team Penske) in 2017.[68]
Africa[edit]
Shell began drilling for oil in Africa during the 1950s. Shell began production in Nigeria in 1958.[69] Shell operates in the upstream oil sector in Algeria, Cameroon, Egypt, Gabon where is the giant Rabi-Kounga oil field, Ghana, Libya, Morocco, Nigeria, South Africa and Tunisia; and in the downstream sector in 16 other countries.[70]
In Nigeria, Shell told US diplomats that it had placed staff in all the main ministries of the government.[71]
In April 2010, Shell announced its intention to divest from downstream business of all African countries except South Africa and Egypt to Vitol and "Helios".[72] In several countries such as Tunisia, protests and strikes broke out. Shell denied rumours of the sellout.[73] Shell continues however upstream activities/extracting crude oil in the oil-rich Niger Delta as well as downstream/commercial activities in South Africa. In June 2013, the company announced a strategic review of its operations in Nigeria, hinting that assets could be divested. In August 2014, the company disclosed it was in the process of finalizing the sale of its interests in four Nigerian oil fields.[74]
Asia[edit]




A Shell gasoline station in Sabah, Malaysia


Hong Kong[edit]
Shell has been active in Hong Kong for a century, providing Retail, LPG, Commercial Fuel, Lubricants, Bitumen, Aviation, Marine and Chemicals services and products. Shell also sponsored the first Hong Kong-built aircraft, Inspiration', for its around-the-world trip.[75]
Malaysia[edit]
Shell discovered the first oil well in Malaysia in 1910, in Miri, Sarawak. Today the oil well is a state monument known as the Grand Old Lady. In 1914, following this discovery, Shell built Malaysia's first oil refinery and laid a submarine pipeline in Miri.[76][77]
Philippines[edit]




Shell oil depot (Poro Point, San Fernando, La Union, Philippines).


Royal Dutch Shell operates in the Philippines under its subsidiary, Pilipinas Shell Petroleum Corporation. Its headquarters is in Makati City and it has facilities in the Pandacan oil depot and other key locations.[78]
On January 2010, the Bureau of Customs claimed 7.34 billion pesos worth of unpaid excise taxes against Pilipinas Shell for importing Catalytic cracked gasoline (CCG) and light catalytic cracked gasoline (LCCG) stating that those imports are bound for tariff charges.[79]
In August 2016, Pilipinas Shell filed an application to sell US$629 million worth of primary and secondary shares to the investing public (registration statement) with the SEC. This was a prelude to filing its IPO listing application with the Philippine Stock Exchange. On 3 November 2016 the Pilipinas Shell Petroleum Corporation was officially listed on the Philippine Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol SHLPH after they held its Initial Public Offering on 19 to 25 October of the same year.[80]
Singapore[edit]
Shell has a strong presence in Singapore, indeed Singapore is the main centre for Shell's petrochemical operations in Asia Pacific region. Shell Eastern Petroleum limited (SEPL) have their refinery located in Singapore's Pulau Bukom island. They also operate as Shell Chemicals Seraya in Jurong Island.[81]
Europe[edit]
Ireland[edit]
Shell first started trading in Ireland in 1902.[82] Shell E&P Ireland (SEPIL) (previously Enterprise Energy Ireland) is an Irish exploration and production subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell. Its headquarters are on Leeson Street in Dublin. It was acquired in May 2002.[83] Its main project is the Corrib gas project, a large gas field off the northwest coast, for which Shell has encountered controversy and protests in relation to the onshore pipeline and licence terms.[84]
In 2005 Shell disposed of its entire retail and commercial fuels business in Ireland to Topaz Energy Group. This included depots, company-owned petrol stations and supply agreements stations throughout the island of Ireland.[85] The retail outlets were re-branded as Topaz in 2008/9.[86]
Nordic countries[edit]
On 27 August 2007, Royal Dutch Shell and Reitan Group, the owner of the 7-Eleven brand in Scandinavia, announced an agreement to re-brand some 269 service stations across Norway, Sweden, Finland and Denmark, subject to obtaining regulatory approvals under the different competition laws in each country.[87] On April 2010 Shell announced that the corporation is in process of trying to find a potential buyer for all of its operations in Finland and is doing similar market research concerning Swedish operations.[88][89] On October 2010 Shell's gas stations and the heavy vehicle fuel supply networks in Finland and Sweden, along with a refinery located in Gothenburg, Sweden were sold to St1, a Finnish energy company, more precisely to its major shareholding parent company Keele Oy.[90]
United Kingdom[edit]
In the UK sector of the North Sea Shell employs around 4,500 staff in Scotland as well as an additional 1,000 service contractors: however in August 2014 it announced it was laying off 250 of them, mainly in Aberdeen.[91]
North America[edit]
Main articles: Shell Oil Company and Shell Canada




Service station near Lost Hills, California






Shell gas station sign in Phoenix, Arizona






Shell gas station in Canada


Through most of Shell's early history, the Shell Oil Company business in the United States was substantially independent with its stock being traded on the NYSE and with little direct involvement from the group's central offices in the running of the American business. However, in 1984, Royal Dutch Shell made a bid to purchase those shares of Shell Oil Company it did not own (around 30%) and despite opposition from some minority shareholders, which led to a court case, Shell completed the buyout for a sum of $5.7 billion.[92]
Australia[edit]
On 20 May 2011, Royal Dutch Shell's final investment decision for the world's first floating liquefied natural gas (FLNG) facility was finalized following the discovery of the remote offshore Prelude field—located off Australia's northwestern coast and estimated to contain about 3 trillion cubic feet of natural gas equivalent reserves—in 2007. FLNG technology is based on liquefied natural gas (LNG) developments that were pioneered in the mid-20th century and facilitates the exploitation of untapped natural gas reserves located in remote areas, often too small to extract any other way.[93][94]
The floating vessel to be used for the Prelude field, known as Prelude FLNG, is promoted as the longest floating structure in the world and will take in the equivalent of 110,000 barrels of oil per day in natural gas—at a location 200 km (125 miles) off the coast of Western Australia—and cool it into liquefied natural gas for transport and sale in Asia. The Prelude is expected to start producing LNG in 2017[95]—analysts estimated the total cost of construction at more than US$12 billion.[93][94][96]
Following the decision by the Royal Dutch Shell fuel corporation to close its Geelong, Australia refinery in April 2013, a third consecutive annual loss was recorded for Shell's Australian refining and fuel marketing assets. Revealed in June 2013, the writedown is worth A$203 million, and was preceded by a A$638m writedown in 2012 and a A$407m writedown in 2011, after the closure of the Clyde refinery in Sydney, Australia.[97]
In February 2014, Shell sold its Australian refinery and petrol stations for US$2.6 billion (A$2.9 billion) to Vitol, a Geneva-based company.[98] Vitol stated that the Geelong refinery will remain open, as the company plans to expand further into the Australian market. At the time of the sale, Royal Dutch Shell was expected to continue investment into the Australian market, with projects that involve Chevron Corp., Woodside Petroleum and Prelude.[39]
Shell sold 9.5% of its 23.1% stake in Woodside Petroleum in June 2014 and advised that it had reached an agreement for Woodside to buy back 9.5% of its shares at a later stage. Shell became a major shareholder in Woodside after a 2001 takeover attempt was blocked by then federal Treasurer Peter Costello and the corporation has been open about its intention to sell its stake in Woodside as part of its target to shed assets. At a general body meeting, held on 1 August 2014, 72 percent of shareholders voted to approve the buy-back, short of the 75 percent vote that was required for approval. A statement from Shell read: "Royal Dutch Shell acknowledges the outcome of Woodside Petroleum Limited's shareholders' negative vote on the selective buy-back proposal. Shell is reviewing its options in relation to its remaining 13.6 percent holding."[99]
Alternative energy[edit]
In the early 2000s Shell moved into alternative energy and there is now an embryonic "Renewables" business that has made investments in solar power, wind power, hydrogen, and forestry. The forestry business went the way of nuclear, coal, metals and electricity generation, and was disposed of in 2003. In 2006 Shell paid SolarWorld to take over its entire solar business[100] and in 2008, the company withdrew from the London Array which has become the world's largest offshore wind farm.[101]
Shell also is involved in large-scale hydrogen projects. HydrogenForecast.com describes Shell's approach thus far as consisting of "baby steps", but with an underlying message of "extreme optimism".[102]
Shell holds 50% of Raízen, a joint venture with Brazilian sugarcane producer Cosan which is the third-largest Brazil-based energy company by revenues and a major producer of ethanol.[10]
In December 2016, Shell won the auction for the 700 MW Borssele III & IV offshore wind farms at a price of 5.45 c/kWh, beating 6 other consortia.[103]
Current projects[edit]
Arctic[edit]
Following the purchase of an offshore lease in 2005, Shell initiated its US$4.5 billion Arctic drilling program in 2006, after the corporation purchased the "Kulluk" oil rig and leased the Noble Discoverer drillship.[104][105] At inception, the project was led by Pete Slaiby, a Shell executive who had previously worked in the North Sea.[106] However, after the purchase of a second offshore lease in 2008, Shell only commenced drilling work in 2012, due to the refurbishment of rigs, permit delays from the relevant authorities and lawsuits.[107][108][109] The plans to drill in the Arctic led to protests from environmental groups, particularly Greenpeace; furthermore, analysts in the energy field, as well as related industries, also expressed skepticism due to perceptions that drilling in the region is "too dangerous because of harsh conditions and remote locations".[109][110]
Further problems hampered the Arctic project after the commencement of drilling in 2012, as Shell dealt with a series of issues that involved air permits, Coast Guard certification of a marine vessel and severe damage to essential oil-spill equipment. Additionally, difficult weather conditions resulted in the delay of drilling during mid-2012 and the already dire situation was exacerbated by the "Kulluk" incident at the end of the year. Royal Dutch Shell had invested nearly US$5 billion by this stage of the project.[106][109]
As the Kulluk oil rig was being towed to the American state of Washington to be serviced in preparation for the 2013 drilling season, a winter storm on 27 December 2012 caused the towing crews, as well as the rescue service, to lose control of the situation. As of 1 January 2013, the Kulluk was grounded off the coast Sitkalidak Island, near the eastern end of Kodiak Island. Following the accident, a Fortune magazine contacted Larry McKinney, the executive director at the Harte Research Institute for Gulf of Mexico Studies at Texas A&M, and he explained that "A two-month delay in the Arctic is not a two-month delay ... A two-month delay could wipe out the entire drilling season."[106]
It was unclear if Shell would recommence drilling in mid-2013, following the "Kulluk" incident and, in February 2013, the corporation stated that it would "pause" its closely watched drilling project off the Alaskan coast in 2013, and will instead prepare for future exploration.[111] In January 2014, the corporation announced the extension of the suspension of its drilling program in the Arctic, with chief executive van Beurden explaining that the project is "under review" due to both market and internal issues.[112]
A June 2014 interview with Pickard indicated that, following a forensic analysis of the problems encountered in 2012, Royal Dutch Shell will continue with the project and Pickard stated that she perceives the future of the corporation activity in the Arctic region as a long-term "marathon".[58] Pickard stated that the forensic "look back" revealed "there was an on/off switch" and further explained:

In other words, don't spend the money unless you're sure you're going to have the legal environment to go forward. Don't spend the money unless you're sure you're going to have the permit. No, I can't tell you that I'm going to have that permit until June, but we need to plan like we're going to have that permit in June. And so probably the biggest lesson is to make sure we could smooth out the on/off switches wherever we could and take control of our own destiny.[58]

Based upon the interview with Pickard, Shell is approaching the project as an investment that will reap energy resources with a lifespan of around 30 years.[58]
Controversies[edit]




Former Shell Research and Technology Centre, Amsterdam


Shell has been criticised for its businesses in Africa, notably in relation to protests of the Ogoni in 1995.[113]
In the 1990s, protesters criticised the company's environmental record, particularly the possible pollution caused by the proposed disposal of the Brent Spar platform into the North Sea. Despite support from the UK government, Shell reversed the decision under public pressure but maintained that sinking the platform would have been environmentally better.[114] Shell subsequently published an unequivocal commitment to sustainable development, supported by executive speeches reinforcing this commitment.[115]
2004 overstatement of oil reserves[edit]
In 2004 Shell overstated its oil reserves, resulting in loss of confidence in the group, a £17 million fine by the Financial Services Authority and the departure of the chairman Philip Watts. A lawsuit resulted in the payment of $450 million to non-American shareholders in 2007.[116][117][118]
Corporate communications[edit]




Shell Centre building in London, UK


Shell's advertising regarding its renewable energy business has been described as a greenwash by some environmental lobbies,[119] leading to criticism from the British Advertising Standards Authority which ruled that Shell had misled the public in an advertisement when it claimed that a $10 billion oil sands project in Alberta, Canada was a "sustainable energy source".[120]
Health and safety[edit]
A number of incidents over the years led to criticism of Shell's health and safety record, including repeated warnings by the UK Health and Safety Executive about the poor state of the company's North Sea platforms.[121]
Human rights[edit]
In the beginning of 1996, several human rights groups brought cases to hold Shell accountable for alleged human rights violations in Nigeria, including summary execution, crimes against humanity, torture, inhumane treatment and arbitrary arrest and detention. In particular, Shell stood accused of collaborating in the execution of Ken Saro-Wiwa and eight other leaders of the Ogoni tribe of southern Nigeria, who were hanged in 1995 by Nigeria's then military rulers.[122] The lawsuits were brought against Royal Dutch Shell and Brian Anderson, the head of its Nigerian operation.[123] In 2009, Shell agreed to pay $15.5m in a legal settlement.[122] Shell has not accepted any liability over the allegations against it.[124]
In 2009, Shell was the subject of an Amnesty International report into the deterioration of human rights as a consequence of Shell's activities in the Niger Delta. In particular, Amnesty criticised the continuation of gas flaring and Shell's slow response to oil spills.[125] In 1998, on its first public report on community and environmental issues in Nigeria, Shell promised "to end the practice of gas flaring in ten years, while pledging to establish a youth training scheme in Ogoniland".[126]
In 2010, a leaked cable revealed that Shell claims to have inserted staff into all the main ministries of the Nigerian government and know "everything that was being done in those ministries", according to Shell's top executive in Nigeria. The same executive also boasted that the Nigerian government had forgotten about the extent of Shell's infiltration.[71] Documents released in 2009 (but not used in the court case) reveal that Shell regularly made payments to the Nigerian military in order to prevent protests.[127]
Arctic project[edit]
According to the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management report in 2015 the chances of a major spill in a deep-sea Arctic drilling is 75% before century's end.[128]
Kodiak[edit]
In 2010 Greenpeace activists painted "No Arctic Drilling" with spilled BP oil on the side of a ship in the Gulf of Mexico that was en route to explore for Arctic oil for Shell. At the protest, Phil Radford of Greenpeace called for "President Obama [to] ban all offshore oil drilling and call for an end to the use of oil in our cars by 2030."[110]
On 16 March 2012, 52 Greenpeace activists from five different countries boarded Fennica and Nordica, multipurpose icebreakers chartered to support Shell's drilling rigs near Alaska.[129] Around the same time period, a reporter for Fortune magazine spoke with Edward Itta, an Inupiat Eskimo leader and the former mayor of the North Slope Borough, who expressed that he was conflicted about Shell's plans in the Arctic, as he was very concerned that an oil spill could destroy the Inupiat Eskimo's hunting-and-fishing culture, but his borough also received major tax revenue from oil and gas production; additionally, further revenue from energy activity was considered crucial to the future of the living standard in Itta's community.[106]
In July 2012, Greenpeace activists shut down 53 Shell petrol stations in Edinburgh and London in a protest against the company's plans to drill for oil in the Arctic. Greenpeace's "Save the Arctic" campaign aims to prevent oil drilling and industrial fishing in the Arctic by declaring the uninhabited area around the North Pole a global sanctuary.[130]
A review was announced after the Kulluk oil rig ran aground near Kodiak Island in December 2012.[131]
In response, Shell filed lawsuits to seek injunctions from possible protests, and Benjamin Jealous of the NAACP and Radford argued that the legal action was "trampling Americans' rights."[132] According to Greenpeace, Shell lodged a request with Google to take down video footage of a Greenpeace protest action that occurred at the Shell-sponsored Formula One (F1) Belgian Grand Prix on 25 August 2013, in which "SaveTheArctic.org" banners appear at the winners' podium ceremony. In the video, the banners rise up automatically—activists controlled their appearance with the use of four radio car antennas—revealing the website URL, alongside an image that consists of half of a polar bear's head and half of the Shell logo.[133]
Royal Dutch Shell then announced a "pause" in the timeline of the project in early 2013[111] and, in September 2015, the corporation announced the extension of the suspension of its drilling program in the Arctic.[134]
Polar Pioneer[edit]
A June 2014 interview with the corporation's new executive vice president of the Arctic indicated that Royal Dutch Shell will continue with its activity in the region.[58][112]
In Seattle protests began in May 2015 in response to the news that the Port of Seattle made an agreement with Shell to berth rigs at the Port's Terminal 5 during the off-season of oil exploration in Alaskan waters. The arrival of Shell's new Arctic drilling vessel, the Polar Pioneer ( IMO number: 8754140), a semi-submersible offshore drilling rig, was greeted by large numbers of environmental protesters paddling kayaks in Elliott Bay.[135][136]
On 6 May 2015 it was reported that during a coast guard inspection of the Polar Pioneer, a piece of anti-pollution gear failed, resulting in fines and delay of the operation.[137] Oil executives from Total and Eni interviewed by the New York Times, expressed scepticism about Shell's new ambitions for offshore drilling in the Arctic, and cited economic and environmental hurdles. ConocoPhillips and Statoil suspended Arctic drilling earlier, after Shell's failed attempt in 2012.[138]
Oil spills[edit]

Shell was responsible for around 21,000 gallons of oil spilled near Tracy, California in May 2016 due to a pipeline crack.[139]
Shell was responsible for a 88,200-gallon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico in May 2016.[140]
Two ruptures in a Shell Oil Co. pipeline in Altamont, California - one in September 2015 and another in May 2016 - had some questioning whether the Office of the State Fire Marshal, charged with overseeing the pipeline, was doing an adequate job.[141]

See also[edit]


Companies portal
Energy portal



Bataafse Petroleum Maatschappij
Chaco War
Lensbury
royaldutchshellplc.com
Shell Guides, a series of guidebooks
Shell V-Power
List of investors in Bernard L. Madoff Securities
List of companies based in London
Fossil fuels lobby

Notes[edit]



^ Proforma aggregate total for Royal Dutch Shell and BG Group combined.



References[edit]


^ a b c d e f g "Royal Dutch Shell plc Financial Statements". Google. Retrieved 10 July 2016. 
^ "About Shell". Shell. Retrieved 12 July 2013. 
^ "Global 500. Royal Dutch Shell". CNN. 2012. Retrieved 29 January 2013. 
^ Shell, Glencore, and Other Multinationals Dominate Their Home Economies 4 April 2013 BusinessWeek
^ Webb, Tim (17 March 2009). "Shell dumps wind, solar and hydro power in favour of biofuels". London: The Guardian. Retrieved 17 March 2013. 
^ "Wind". shell.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ "Shell at a glance". Royal Dutch Shell plc. Retrieved 30 August 2010. 
^ a b "8 Apr 2015 - Recommended Cash and Share Offer Announcement" (PDF). Royal Dutch Shell plc. Retrieved 29 October 2016. 
^ "Exploration & Production in the United States". Royal Dutch Shell plc. Archived from the original on 24 July 2011. Retrieved 30 August 2010. 
^ a b Shell and Cosan join forces for $ 12 billion ethanol venture
^ a b Fox, Justin (8 April 2015). "Stop Calling Shell an Oil Company". Bloomberg. Retrieved 29 October 2016. 
^ "Market Cap Rankings". Ycharts. Zacks Investment Research. 8 April 2012. Archived from the original on 31 March 2012. Retrieved 9 April 2012. 
^ "FTSE All-Share Index Ranking". stockchallenge.co.uk. Retrieved 1 January 2017. 
^ "Report: Qatar eyes largest piece of Shell". Upstream Online. NHST Media Group. 7 September 2012. Retrieved 8 September 2012. 
^ a b "The beginnings". shell.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ Fred Aftalion (2001). A History of the International Chemical Industry. Chemical Heritage Foundation. p. 142. ISBN 978-0-941901-29-1. 
^ Merrillees 2015, p. 60.
^ Royal Dutch Shell: History Archived 11 October 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Mark Forsyth (2011). The Etymologicon: A Circular Stroll through the Hidden Connections of the English Language. Icon Books. p. 140. ISBN 978-1-84831-319-4. 
^ Falola, Toyin; Genova, Ann (2005). The Politics of the Global Oil Industry: An Introduction. Greenwood Publishing Group. p. 30. 
^ a b F. C. Gerretson (1953). History of the Royal Dutch. Brill Archive. p. 346. GGKEY:NNJNHTLUZKG. 
^ a b F. C. Gerretson (1953). History of the Royal Dutch. Brill Archive. p. 346. GGKEY:NNJNHTLUZKG. 
^ a b c d e f g h i "The early 20th century". shell.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ Reference and contact details: GB 1566 SMBP Title:Shell-Mex and BP Archive Dates of Creation: 1900–1975 Held at: BP Archive GB 1566 SMBP
^ Peck, Merton J. & Scherer, Frederic M. The Weapons Acquisition Process: An Economic Analysis (1962) Harvard Business School p.619
^ Velschow, Klaus. "The Bombing of the Shellhus on March 21, 1945". milhist.dk. Archived from the original on 10 April 2014. Retrieved 21 April 2015. 
^ The Ferranti Mark 1* that went to Shell labs in Amsterdam, Netherlands (Dutch only)
^ "Analysis: Cash bounty lures miners into risky empire-building". Reuters. 27 September 2010. Retrieved 22 April 2011. 
^ The Shell Transport & Trading Company plc delisted from LSE
^ N.V. Koninklijke Nederlandsche Petroleum Maatschappij (English translation, Royal Dutch Petroleum Company) to Withdraw its Ordinary Shares, par value 0.56 Euro, from NYSE
^ Shell shareholders agree merger BBC News, 2005
^ "Iraq holds oil auction, Shell wins giant field". Reuters. 11 December 2009. Retrieved 22 August 2012. 
^ Pagnamenta, Robin (12 December 2009). "Shell secures vital toehold in 'the new Iraq' where oil is ready to flow". The Times. London. Retrieved 22 April 2011. 
^ 2009 Iraqi oil services contracts tender
^ "Shell bets on ethanol in $21 billion deal with Brazil's Cosan". Reuters. 1 February 2010. Retrieved 22 April 2011. 
^ "Shell to fund capital spending by selling LPG assets". 1 March 2010. Retrieved 11 March 2010. 
^ "Shell Acquires East Resources' Tight Gas Fields". Infogrok.com. 31 May 2010. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ a b Tom Bawden (17 January 2014). "Royal Dutch Shell issues shock profit warning". The Independent. London. Retrieved 24 February 2014. 
^ a b James Paton (21 February 2014). "Vitol to Pay Shell A$2.9 Billion for Australian Assets". Bloomberg. Retrieved 24 February 2014. 
^ Tiffany Hsu (8 April 2015). "Shell-BG tie-up could challenge market leader Exxon Mobil". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 8 April 2015. 
^ Rakteem Katakey (15 February 2016). "Shell Surpasses Chevron to Become No. 2 Oil Company: Chart". Bloomberg.com. 
^ Shell takes final investment decision to build a new petrochemicals complex in Pennsylvania, US Royal Dutch Shell (06/07/2016)
^ "Shell sells North Sea assets worth £2.46bn to Chrysaor". BBC News. 31 January 2017. Retrieved 10 June 2017. 
^ Williams, Nia (24 May 2017). "Shell, ConocoPhillips oil sands share selloff risks flooding market". Reuters. Retrieved 10 June 2017. 
^ Shell International Petroleum Company, Developments in Nigeria (London: March 1995)
^ "Niger Delta: Shell's manifestly false claims about oil pollution exposed, again". Amnesty International. 3 November 2015. Retrieved 26 March 2015. 
^ Shell Nigeria case: Court acquits firm on most charges, United Kingdom: BBC News, 30 January 2013 
^ "Argentinian town agrees to damages for oil spill". Radio Netherlands Worldwide. Radio Netherlands Worldwide. 18 May 2009. Retrieved 3 March 2014. 
^ "Court rules Shell must spend US$35mn on Magdalena clean-up". BNamericas. BNamericas. 22 November 2002. Retrieved 3 March 2014. 
^ Lieberman, Amy; Rust, Susanne (31 December 2015). "Big Oil braced for global warming while it fought regulations". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 22 January 2016. 
^ "Royal Dutch Shell PLC - AMEE". 
^ "From Well to Wheel: The Social, Environmental, and Climate Costs of Amazon Crude". Amazon Watch. Retrieved 27 March 2017. 
^ Carrington, Damian; Mommers, Jelmer (28 February 2017). "‘Shell knew’: oil giant's 1991 film warned of climate change danger". The Guardian. Retrieved 25 April 2017. 
^ Mommers, Jelmer; Carrington, Damian (28 February 2017). "If Shell knew climate change was dire 25 years ago, why still business as usual today?". The Correspondent. Retrieved 25 April 2017. 
^ Mommers, Jelmer (28 February 2017). "Shell made a film about climate change in 1991 (then neglected to heed its own warning)". The Correspondent. Retrieved 25 April 2017. 
^ "Royal Dutch Shell: Directors & Officers". FT.com. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Shell press release Archived 2 November 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b c d e Rik Kirkland (June 2014). "Leading in the 21st century: An interview with Shell's Ann Pickard". McKinsey & Company. McKinsey & Company. Retrieved 20 June 2014. 
^ "About Shell – The history of the Shell logo". About Shell. Shell International B.V. 15 June 2007. Archived from the original on 13 July 2010. Retrieved 10 March 2010. 
^ "Shell Haven celebrate a new jetty facility". Shell. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Business Superbrands, Editor: Marcel Knobil, Author James Curtis (2000), Superbrands Ltd. ISBN 978-0-9528153-4-1, p. 93.
^ "raymod loewy logos". designboom.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ "1980s to the new millennium – Shell Global". Shell Global. 17 December 2012. Retrieved 6 October 2013. 
^ "What we do". Shell. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Vertical integration". The Economist. 30 March 2009. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Industry Overview". Petroleum Services Association of Canada. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Facelift for Shell logo in pounds 500m 'new look' drive: Petrol giant plans to update outlets in 100 countries ready for next century". The Independent. 30 August 1993. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Shell to become full-time DJR Team Penske backer". Motorsport.com. 3 October 2016. 
^ "Post-war expansion". Shell. Retrieved 9 December 2010. 
^ "Where we operate". Shell. Archived from the original on 2 November 2010. Retrieved 9 December 2010. 
^ a b Smith, David (8 December 2010). "WikiLeaks cables: Shell's grip on Nigerian state revealed". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 9 December 2010. 
^ "Shell Group To Divest Assets In 21 African Countries". Peace FM Online. 8 April 2010. Archived from the original on 11 April 2010. 
^ Shell Denies Rumours of Planned Market Exit
^ "Stakes in four Nigerian oil fields being sold by Shell". Nigeria Sun. 27 August 2014. Retrieved 28 August 2014. 
^ "‘Inspiration’ in the skies: first Hong Kong-made plane prepares for epic world tour". Retrieved 28 July 2016. 
^ "‘Inspiration’ in the skies: first Hong Kong-made plane prepares for epic world tour". Retrieved 28 July 2016. 
^ 26 July 2016, Reuters.
^ "Pilipinas Shell Petroleum Corporation". Shell.com.ph. 17 February 2012. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ "Nasdaq.com". Nasdaq.com. 4 May 2012. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ "Report: PSE oks Pilipinas Shell’s P30B IPO". Upstream Online. Philippine Daily Inquirer. 29 September 2016. Retrieved 29 September 2016. 
^ "Shell Eastern Petroleum Ltd (SEPL), Singapore". ChemicalsTechnology. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Book "Down Many a Road", the story of Shell in Ireland from 1902 to 200 – Bob Montgomery Dreolín Publications 2002 ISBN 1-902773-11-X
^ Shell in Ireland Archived 8 August 2009 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Corrib". SubseaIQ. Bishop Interactive. Retrieved 9 August 2010. 
^ Making a big deal: the movers and shakers in Irish business Archived 30 May 2011 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Hennessy, Niamh (20 February 2008). "Topaz spending €50m re-branding Shell and Statoil stations nationwide". Archives.tcm.ie. Retrieved 17 May 2012. [dead link]
^ "7-Eleven and Shell join forces at 269 petrol stations" (Press release). Shell International B.V. 27 August 2007. Archived from the original on 29 August 2007. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ "Shell reviewing portfolio of LPG businesses" (Press release). Shell International B.V. 6 May 2010. Archived from the original on 17 May 2010. Retrieved 19 June 2010. 
^ "Shell Etsii mahdollista ostajaa Suomen toiminnoilleen" (Press release). Shell Finland. 6 April 2010. Retrieved 19 June 2010. [dead link]
^ "Keele buys Shell's Finnish and Swedish businesses" (Press release). Helsinki Times. 27 October 2010. Archived from the original on 1 August 2012. Retrieved 20 December 2011. 
^ "Reorganisation of North Sea operation to see Shell slash 250 jobs". Yahoo Finance. Retrieved 8 August 2014. 
^ Thomas C. Hayes (13 December 1990). "Shell Oil Shareholders Awarded $110 Million". The New York Times. Retrieved 27 February 2012. 
^ a b Peter Staas (3 June 2011). "Shell's Prelude FLNG Project: An Offshore Revolution?". Investing Daily. Capitol Information Group, Inc. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ a b Reuters and Associated Press (3 December 2013). "Shell's massive Prelude hull world's biggest-ever floating vessel and first ocean-based LNG plant". Financial Post. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ "Shell’s Prelude FLNG to start production in 2017?". LNG World News. 14 April 2016. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Ross Kelly (19 June 2014). "GDF Suez, Santos Halt Innovative LNG Plan in Australia". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ Matt Chambers (4 June 2013). "Geelong refinery writedown hits Shell for $203m". The Australian. Retrieved 6 June 2013. 
^ "Shell and Cosan join forces for $ 12 billion ethanol venture (Ecoseed)". 
^ "Shareholders reject Woodside plans to repurchase stake from Shell". Perth Herald. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ "SolarWorld Acquires Shell's Solar Business". RenewableEnergyWorld.com. 2 February 2006. Retrieved 18 August 2008. 
^ Shell pulls out of key wind power project, Financial Times, 1 May 2008
^ Stanley, Dean. "Shell Takes Flexible Approach to Fueling the Future". Executive View. Corland Publishing. Archived from the original on 20 August 2007. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ "Oil & Gas Giant to Build Dutch Borssele III & IV Offshore Wind Farms". Offshore Wind. 12 December 2016. Retrieved 14 December 2016. 
^ "Shell initiates Beaufort Sea oil exploration". Offshore Magazine. Pennwell Corporation. 17 March 2006. Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ Bailey, Alan (4 February 2007). "Shell proposes 18 wells". Petroleum News. 12 (5). Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ a b c d Jon Birger (3 January 2013). "What I learned aboard Shell's grounded Alaskan oil rig". Fortune Magazine. Time Inc. Retrieved 20 June 2014. 
^ Eaton, Joe (27 July 2012). "Shell Scales Back 2012 Arctic Drilling Goals". National Geographic. Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ Demer, Lisa (27 June 2012). "Shell drill rigs depart Seattle for Arctic waters in Alaska". Anchorage Daily News. Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ a b c Jerry Beilinson (1 January 2013). "What Shell's Kulluk Oil Rig Accident Means for Arctic Drilling". Popular Mechanics. Hearst Communication, Inc. Retrieved 20 June 2014. 
^ a b Phil Radford (24 May 2010). "[BP]resident Obama: Where Does BP Begin and Obama End?". The Huffington Post. Retrieved 5 October 2013. 
^ a b Mat Smith (27 February 2013). "Shell halts Arctic drill plans for 2013". CNN. Retrieved 27 February 2013. 
^ a b Terry Macalister (30 January 2014). "Shell shelves plan to drill in Alaskan Arctic this summer". The Guardian. Retrieved 3 March 2014. 
^ "The My Hero Project – Ken Saro Wiwa". Myhero.com. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ Brent Spar's long saga BBC News, 1998
^ Ek Kia, Tan (19 April 2005). "Sustainable Development in Shell" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 26 September 2007. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ G. Thomas Sims (12 April 2007). "Shell Settles With Europe on Overstated Oil Reserves". New York Times. 
^ Jill Treanor (31 May 2009). "Royal Dutch Shell to compensate shareholders for reserves scandal". The Guardian. London. 
^ Tim Fawcett (18 March 2004). "Shell's slippery slope". BBC News. 
^ Bruno, Kenny (24 January 2002). "Greenwash Award to Shell for Clouding the Issue". Campaigns. CorpWatch. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ John Vidal (13 August 2008). "Shell rapped by ASA for 'greenwash' advert". The Guardian. London. 
^ MacAlister, Terry (5 March 2007). "Shell safety record in North Sea takes a hammering". The Guardian. London. 
^ a b Ed Pilkington in New York (8 June 2009). "Shell pays out $15.5m over Saro-Wiwa killing". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ "Wiwa v. Shell". wiwavshell.org. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ "Shell settles Nigeria deaths case". BBC News. 9 June 2009. 
^ "Amnesty.org" (PDF). Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ Vogel, D. The market for virtue: The potential and limits of corporate social responsibility. 2006. p 143
^ Vidal, John (3 October 2011). "Shell oil paid Nigerian military to put down protests, court documents show". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 5 October 2011. Confidential memos, faxes, witness statements and other documents, released in 2009, show the company regularly paid the military to stop the peaceful protest movement against the pollution [...] In 2009, in a New York federal court, that evidence never saw light during the trial. 
^ Shell's Arctic oil rig departs Seattle as 'kayaktivists' warn of disaster The Guardian 15 June 2015
^ Activists protest at Shell's Finnish icebreaker rental. YLE, 16 March 2012. Retrieved 24 October 2012.
^ Laurie Tuffrey. "Greenpeace activists shut down 74 UK Shell petrol stations". the Guardian. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ Dan Joling (8 January 2013). "Salazar announces Arctic offshore drilling review; Coast Guard investigates Shell grounding". The Morning Call. The Associated Press. Retrieved 12 January 2013. [dead link]
^ Phil Radford and Benjamin Jealous (17 June 2013). "How Shell is trying to send a chill through activist groups across the country". Grist.org. Retrieved 5 October 2013. 
^ "Greenpeace protest at Shell Belgian F1 Grand Prix event – video" (Video upload). The Guardian. 27 August 2013. Retrieved 5 April 2014. 
^ "Shell abandons Alaska Arctic drilling". The Guardian. 28 September 2015. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Beekman, Daniel (14 May 2015). "More protests planned after giant oil rig muscles in". Seattle Times. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ "'Paddle in Seattle' Arctic oil drilling protest". BBC. 17 May 2015. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Vice (6 May 2015). "Shell Plans to Drill in the Arctic This Summer and It's Already Failed a Coast Guard Inspection". 
^ New York Times (12 May 2015). "Shell's Record Adds to the Anger of Those Opposing Arctic Drilling". 
^ "Oil pipeline near Tracy spills thousands of gallons of crude". Retrieved 17 June 2016. 
^ "Shell Oil Spill Dumps Thousands Of Barrels Of Crude Into Gulf Of Mexico". The Huffington Post. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Critics Question State Pipeline Oversight After 2 Altamont Oil Spills". KQUED. 10 October 2016. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 


Bibliography[edit]


"A Century in Oil" by Stephen Howarth [1997] ISBN 0-297-82247-0. A History of The "Shell" Transport and Trading Company.
"A History of Royal Dutch Shell" by Stephen Howarth and others [2007]. ISBN 978-0-19-929877-8
"Seven Sisters" by Anthony Sampson (1981) ISBN 978-0-553-23469-5
"Shell Shock: The secrets and spin of an Oil Giant" by Ian Cummins and John Beasant [2005]. ISBN 1-84018-941-X
Merrillees, Scott (2015). Jakarta: Portraits of a Capital 1950-1980. Jakarta: Equinox Publishing. ISBN 9786028397308. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Royal Dutch Shell.



Official website



Business data for Royal Dutch Shell plc:
Reuters
SEC filings



Royal Dutch Shell companies grouped at OpenCorporates
Works by Shell Union Oil Corporation at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about Royal Dutch Shell at Internet Archive
Works by Royal Dutch Shell at LibriVox (public domain audiobooks) 







v
t
e


Royal Dutch Shell



Divisions and
subsidiaries





Current




Asiatic Petroleum Company
Shell Australia
Shell Canada
Shell Chemicals
Shell Gas & Power
Ireland
Shell Nigeria
Shell Oil Company
Shell Pakistan






Former




Mexican Eagle Petroleum Company








Joint ventures





Current




Aera Energy
Albian Sands
Brunei LNG
Motiva Enterprises
Oman LNG
Pearl GTL
Sakhalin Energy






Former




Cellana
Shell-Mex and BP








Brands



Jiffy Lube
Pennzoil
Quaker State
Rain-X
Shell V-Power





People



M. King Hubbert
Fred Meissner
Gale Norton
Jorma Ollila
Rob Routs
Jeroen van der Veer
Peter Voser





Facilities and
places



Asiatic Petroleum Building
Brent Spar
Mars
Montreal East Refinery
proposed Pittsburgh ethane cracker plant
Rocky Mountain Arsenal
Scotford Upgrader
Shell Building
Shell Haven
Shell Mera
Shell Centre
Shell Centre (Calgary)
Shell Development Emeryville
Shell Mex House
One Shell Plaza
One Shell Square
Plaza Shell





Controversies



Corrib gas controversy
Movement for the Survival of the Ogoni People
Ken Saro-Wiwa
Wiwa v. Royal Dutch Shell Co.





Other



Answer Man
Club
Foundation
Guides
In Situ Conversion
Lennard's Carrying v Asiatic Petroleum
Novelty Service Station
Spectacular Sign
Turbo Chargers








 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


Petroleum industry






Petroleum
Primary energy









Benchmarks



Argus Sour
Bonny Light
Brent
Dubai
Indonesian
Isthmus-34 Light
Japan Cocktail
OPEC Reference Basket
Tapis
Urals
Western Canadian Select
West Texas Intermediate





Data




Natural gas



Consumption
Production
Reserves
Imports
Exports
Price





Petroleum



Consumption
Production
Reserves
Imports
Exports
Price (of gasoline and diesel)








Exploration



Core sampling
Geophysics
Integrated asset modelling
Petroleum engineering

Reservoir simulation
Seismic to simulation


Petroleum geology
Petrophysics
Reflection seismology (Seismic inversion)
Seismic source





Drilling



Blowout
Completion (Squeeze job)
Differential sticking
Directional drilling (Geosteering)
Drilling engineering
Drilling fluid (invasion)
Drill stem test
Lost circulation
Measurement
Tracers
Underbalanced drilling
Well logging





Production



Petroleum fiscal regime

Concessions
Production sharing agreements


Artificial lift

Pumpjack
Submersible pump (ESP)
Gas lift


Downstream
Enhanced oil recovery (EOR)

Steam injection
Gas reinjection


Midstream
Petroleum product
Pipeline transport
Refining
Upstream
Water injection
Well intervention
XT





History



1967 Oil Embargo
1973 oil crisis
1979 energy crisis
1980s oil glut
1990 oil price shock
2000s energy crisis
2010s oil glut
Founders
History of the petroleum industry
Nationalization
OPEC
GECF
Seven Sisters
Standard Oil
Oil market timelines





Provinces
and fields



List of natural gas fields
List of oil fields
East Midlands Oil Province
East Texas
Gulf of Mexico
Niger Delta
North Sea
Permian Basin
Persian Gulf
Prudhoe Bay Oil Field
Russia
Venezuela
Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin





Other topics



Acronyms
Oil shale gas
Peak oil

mitigation
timing


People
Petrocurrency
Petrodollar recycling
Shale gas
Swing producer
Unconventional oil

heavy crude
oil sands
oil shale















Companies and organisations








Major petroleum
companies





Supermajors



BP
Chevron
Eni
ExxonMobil
Royal Dutch Shell
Total






National oil
companies




ADNOC (UAE)
CNOOC (China)
CNPC (China)
Ecopetrol (Colombia)
Gazprom (Russia)
Iraq National Oil Company
Indian Oil Corporation
KazMunayGas (Kazakhstan)
Kuwait Petroleum Corporation
Lotos (Poland)
Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation
NIOC (Iran)
NISOC (Iran)
OGDCL (Pakistan)
ONGC (India)
PDVSA (Venezuela)
PKN Orlen (Poland)
Pemex (Mexico)
Pertamina (Indonesia)
PetroBangla (Bangladesh)
Petrobras (Brazil)
PetroChina
Petronas (Malaysia)
Petrovietnam
PTT (Thailand)
Qatar Petroleum
Rosneft (Russia)
Saudi Aramco (Saudi Arabia)
Sinopec (China)
SOCAR (Azerbaijan)
Sonangol (Angola)
Sonatrach (Algeria)
Statoil (Norway)
TPAO (Turkey)
YPF (Argentina)





Energy trading



Glencore
Gunvor
Mercuria
Naftiran Intertrade
Trafigura
Vitol





Other



Anadarko
Apache
BG Group
Cenovus Energy
Compañía Española de Petróleos
ConocoPhillips
Devon
Galp Energia
Hess
Husky Energy
Imperial Oil
Lukoil
Marathon Oil
Nippon Oil
Occidental
OMV
Port Harcourt Refining Company
Reliance Industries
Repsol
Suncor Energy
Surgutneftegas
TNK-BP
Tullow Oil
Tüpraş









Major services
companies




Amec Foster Wheeler
Baker Hughes
Cameron
CGG
CH2M Hill
Chicago Bridge & Iron Company
China Oilfield Services
Enbridge
Ensco
GE Oil & Gas
Halliburton
Nabors Industries
Naftiran Intertrade
National Oilwell Varco
Petrofac
Saipem
Schlumberger
Snam
Subsea 7
TransCanada
Transocean
Weatherford
Wood Group





Other



International Association of Oil & Gas Producers
International Energy Agency
International Petroleum Exchange
OPEC
Society of Petroleum Engineers
World Petroleum Council














Category
 Commons










Links to related articles











v
t
e


Energy in the United Kingdom








Companies







Coal



Anglo American
Asia Energy
BHP
ENRC
Glencore
Rio Tinto
UK Coal





Oil and gas




Integrated



BP
Royal Dutch Shell





Exploration and
production



Afren
BHP
Cairn Energy
Centrica
Dana Petroleum
Desire Petroleum
Emerald Energy
EnQuest
Essar Energy
Hardy Oil and Gas
JKX Oil & Gas
Melrose Resources
Ophir Energy
Perenco
Premier Oil
Regal Petroleum
Rockhopper Exploration
SOCO International
Star Energy
Tullow Oil





Supply



Greenergy
Murco Petroleum





Support



Abbot Group
AMEC
Ensco
Expro
Hunting
Petrofac
Qserv
Score Group
Weir Group
WesternGeco1
Wood Group








Utilities




Generation and
supply




Integrated



Centrica
EDF Energy1
E.ON UK1
RWE npower1
Scottish Power1
SSE





Generation



Drax Group
Falck Renewables
Horizon Nuclear Power1
International Power
Vattenfall United Kingdom1
Vedanta Resources





Supply



The Co-operative Energy
Ecotricity
ESB International
Extra Energy
Firmus Energy
First Utility
Good Energy
Green Energy
LoCO2 Energy
Opus Energy
Ovo Energy
Phoenix Natural Gas
Telecom Plus








Distribution




Electricity



Electricity North West1
Northern Powergrid1
SP Energy Networks1
SSE Power Distribution
UK Power Networks1
Western Power Distribution1





Gas



Firmus Energy
National Grid
Northern Gas Networks
Phoenix Natural Gas
SGN
Wales & West Utilities1








Transmission




Electricity



National Grid2
Scottish Hydro Electric Transmission
SP Energy Networks1





Gas



National Grid











Other



Aggreko
APX Group
Aquamarine Power
Ecogen
EnServe
Geothermal Engineering
Hi-Gen Power
Mark Group
Wavegen






Companies with headquarters and/or registered office in the UK but no applicable energy operations within the country shown in italics 1Ultimate parent company is not UK-based 2Integrated in the United States, no generation or supply activities in the UK














Energy sources







Coal



Coal Authority
Coal-fired power stations
Coal mines
Coal mining regions
Confederation of UK Coal Producers
Greenhouse gas emissions
History (Miners' strike
National Coal Board)
Open-pit coal mining





Electricity



Association of Electricity Producers
BritNed
East–West Interconnector
Energy switching services
Economy 7
Economy 10
Electricity billing
Green electricity
Grid Trade Master Agreement
HVDC Cross-Channel
HVDC Moyle
HVDC Norway–UK
Isle of Man to England Interconnector
National Grid

Control
Reserve Service


New Electricity Trading Arrangements
Power stations
Timeline of the electricity supply industry





Nuclear



Advanced gas-cooled reactor
Franco–British Nuclear Forum
Magnox
National Nuclear Laboratory
Nuclear Decommissioning Authority
Nuclear Liabilities Fund
Nuclear power stations
Office for Nuclear Regulation
Sellafield
United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority





Oil and gas



BBL Pipeline
Dash for Gas
Forties pipeline system
Fuel protests
Gas infrastructure
Greenhouse gas emissions
Hydrocarbon oil duty
Oil and Gas Authority
National Transmission System
Natural gas fields
Natural gas-fired power stations
North Sea oil
Oil & Gas UK
Oil fields
Oil-fired power stations
Oil infrastructure
Oil refineries
Petroleum revenue tax





Renewables




Biofuels



Biodiesel
Biofuel power stations
National Non-Food Crops Centre
Renewable Fuels Agency
Renewable Transport Fuel Obligation





Geothermal



Geothermal power stations





Hydroelectricity



Hydroelectric power stations
Severn Barrage
Wave farms





Solar power

 



Wind power



List of offshore wind farms
List of onshore wind farms
North Sea Offshore Grid
Wind power in Scotland



















Government and regulation







Organisations



Carbon Trust
Cenex
Committee on Climate Change
Department of Energy and Climate Change
Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs
Energy Saving Trust
Environment Agency
Office of Gas and Electricity Markets





Legislation and
initiatives



Carbon Emission Reduction Target
Climate Change Act 2008
Climate Change Agreement
Climate Change Levy
Climate Change and Sustainable Energy Act 2006
CRC Energy Efficiency Scheme
Display Energy Certificate
Energy Act 2013
Energy Performance Certificate
Fossil Fuel Levy
Low Carbon Building Programme
National Industrial Symbiosis Programme
Non-Fossil Fuel Obligation
Planning Act 2008
Renewable Heat Incentive
Renewables Obligation
United Kingdom Climate Change Programme
















Non-governmental organisations







Charities and
pressure groups



Ashden Award
BioRegional
Campaign against Climate Change
Centre for Alternative Technology
National Energy Action
Stop Climate Chaos
Tyndall Centre





Industry bodies



Combined Heat and Power Association
Energy Institute
Energy Networks Association
Energy Retail Association
Green Power Forum
RenewableUK
Utilities Intermediaries Association





Research



Centre for Renewable Energy Systems Technology
Energy Technologies Institute
Hadley Centre for Climate Prediction and Research
NaREC
Oil Depletion Analysis Centre
Sunbury Research Centre
UK Energy Research Centre
















Energy conservation






Association for the Conservation of Energy
British Energy Efficiency Federation
Close the Door campaign
Code for Sustainable Homes
Double Glazing & Conservatory Ombudsman Scheme
EcoHomes
Energy efficiency in British housing
Energy Saving Trust (Energy Saving Trust Recommended)
Greenhouse gas emissions
HTB
National Home Energy Rating











 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


 AEX companies of the Netherlands






Aalberts
ABN AMRO
Aegon
Ahold Delhaize
Akzo Nobel
Altice
ArcelorMittal
ASML
Boskalis
DSM
Galapagos
Gemalto
Heineken
ING
KPN
NN Group
Philips
Randstad
RELX
Royal Dutch Shell
SBM Offshore
Unibail-Rodamco
Unilever
Vopak
Wolters Kluwer












v
t
e


 FTSE 100 companies of the United Kingdom   → FTSE 250







3i
Admiral Group
Anglo American
Antofagasta
Ashtead Group
Associated British Foods
AstraZeneca
Aviva
BAE Systems
BHP
BP
Babcock International
Barclays
Barratt Developments
British American Tobacco
British Land
BT Group
Bunzl
Burberry
Carnival
Centrica
Coca-Cola HBC
Compass Group
ConvaTec
CRH
Croda International
DCC
Diageo
Direct Line Group
easyJet
Experian
Fresnillo
G4S
GKN
GlaxoSmithKline
Glencore
Hammerson
Hargreaves Lansdown
HSBC
Imperial Brands
Informa
InterContinental Hotels Group
International Airlines Group
Intertek
ITV
Johnson Matthey
Kingfisher
Land Securities Group
Legal & General
Lloyds Banking Group
London Stock Exchange Group
Marks & Spencer
Mediclinic International
Merlin Entertainments
Micro Focus International
Mondi
Morrisons
National Grid
Next
Old Mutual
Paddy Power Betfair
Pearson
Persimmon
Provident
Prudential
Randgold Resources
Royal Bank of Scotland
Reckitt Benckiser
RELX Group
Rentokil Initial
Rio Tinto Group
Rolls-Royce
Royal Dutch Shell
Royal Mail
RSA Insurance Group
Sage Group
J Sainsbury
Schroders
Scottish Mortgage Investment Trust
Segro
Severn Trent
Shire
Sky
Smith & Nephew
Smiths Group
Smurfit Kappa
SSE
Standard Chartered
Standard Life
St. James's Place
Taylor Wimpey
Tesco
TUI
Unilever
United Utilities
Vodafone
Whitbread
Wolseley
Worldpay
WPP
















 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Royal_Dutch_Shell&oldid=789456582"					
Categories: Royal Dutch ShellMultinational oil companiesOil companies of the NetherlandsOil and gas companies of the United KingdomAutomotive fuel brandsChemical companies of the NetherlandsChemical companies of the United KingdomCompanies based in LondonCompanies based in The HagueMultinational companies headquartered in the NetherlandsOrganisations based in the Netherlands with royal patronageMultinational companies based in the City of LondonNon-renewable resource companies established in 19071907 establishments in the Netherlands1907 establishments in the United KingdomCompanies listed on the London Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeEnergy companies established in 1907British companies established in 1907Companies formerly listed on the Amsterdam Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the Euronext AmsterdamDutch brandsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from February 2014Articles with dead external links from June 2014Use British English from May 2012Use dmy dates from May 2017IMO NumberOpenCorporates groupingsArticles with Project Gutenberg linksArticles with Internet Archive linksArticles with LibriVox links 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansAlemannischالعربيةবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGaeilge客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаLatinaLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPapiamentuPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng ViệtWinaray粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 7 July 2017, at 13:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Royal Dutch Shell - Wikipedia






















 






Royal Dutch Shell

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Royal Dutch Shell plc)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Shell Company" redirects here. It is not to be confused with Shell corporation.

Royal Dutch Shell plc





Headquarters in The Hague, Netherlands




Type

Public limited company


Traded as
LSE: RDSA, RDSB
Euronext: RDSA, RDSB
NYSE: RDS.A, RDS.B
FTSE 100 Component


ISIN
GB00B03MLX29


Industry
Oil and gas


Predecessor
Royal Dutch Petroleum Co. (1890)
The Shell Transport and Trading Company Limited (1897)


Founded
February 1907; 110 years ago (1907-02)


Headquarters
The Hague, Netherlands
(Headquarters)
Shell Centre, London, England
(Registered office)



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Charles O. Holliday (Chairman)
Ben van Beurden (CEO)


Products
Petroleum, natural gas, and other petrochemicals


Revenue
 US$233.6 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$2.36 billion (2016)[1]


Profit
 US$4.57 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$411.2 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$186.6 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

93,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
Shell Australia
Shell South Africa
Shell Canada
Shell Chemicals
Shell Gas & Power
Shell Hong Kong
Shell Nigeria
Shell Oil Company
Shell Pakistan


Website
www.shell.com


Royal Dutch Shell plc (LSE: RDSA, RDSB), commonly known as Shell, is a British–Dutch multinational oil and gas company headquartered in the Netherlands and incorporated in the United Kingdom.[2] It is one of the six oil and gas "supermajors" and the sixth-largest company in the world measured by 2016 revenues (and the largest based in Europe).[1] Shell was first in the 2013 Fortune Global 500 list of the world's largest companies;[3] in that year its revenues were equivalent to 84% of the Netherlands' $556 billion GDP.[4]
Shell is vertically integrated and is active in every area of the oil and gas industry, including exploration and production, refining, distribution and marketing, petrochemicals, power generation and trading. It also has renewable energy activities in the form of biofuels[5] and wind.[6] Shell has operations in over 70 countries, produces around 3.7 million barrels of oil equivalent per day and has 44,000 service stations worldwide.[7][8] As of 31 December 2014, Shell had total proved reserves of 13.7 billion barrels (2.18×109 m3) of oil equivalent.[8][note 1] Shell Oil Company, its principal subsidiary in the United States, is one of its largest businesses.[9] Shell holds 50% of Raízen, a joint venture with Cosan, which is the third-largest Brazil-based energy company by revenues and a major producer of ethanol.[10]
Shell was formed in 1907 through the amalgamation of the Royal Dutch Petroleum Company of the Netherlands and the "Shell" Transport and Trading Company of the United Kingdom. Until its unification in 2005 the firm operated as a dual-listed company, whereby the British and Dutch companies maintained their legal existence but operated as a single-unit partnership for business purposes. Shell first entered the chemicals industry in 1929. In 1970 Shell acquired the mining company Billiton, which it subsequently sold in 1994 and now forms part of BHP Billiton. In recent decades gas exploration and production has become an increasingly important part of Shell's business.[11] Shell acquired BG Group in 2016, making it the world's largest producer of liquefied natural gas (LNG).[11]
Shell has a primary listing on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index. It had a market capitalisation of £185 billion at the close of trading on 30 December 2016, by far the largest of any company listed on the London Stock Exchange and among the highest of any company in the world.[12][13] It has secondary listings on Euronext Amsterdam and the New York Stock Exchange. As of January 2013, Shell's largest shareholder was Capital Research Global Investors with 9.85% ahead of BlackRock in second with 6.89%.[14] Shell's logo, known as the "pecten", is one of the most familiar commercial symbols in the world.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins
1.2 20th century
1.3 21st century
1.4 Environmental record
1.5 Climate change


2 Corporate affairs

2.1 Management
2.2 Name and logo

2.2.1 Logo evolution




3 Operations

3.1 Business groupings
3.2 Oil and gas activities
3.3 Sponsorships


4 Africa
5 Asia

5.1 Hong Kong
5.2 Malaysia
5.3 Philippines
5.4 Singapore


6 Europe

6.1 Ireland
6.2 Nordic countries
6.3 United Kingdom


7 North America
8 Australia
9 Alternative energy
10 Current projects

10.1 Arctic


11 Controversies

11.1 2004 overstatement of oil reserves
11.2 Corporate communications
11.3 Health and safety
11.4 Human rights
11.5 Arctic project

11.5.1 Kodiak
11.5.2 Polar Pioneer
11.5.3 Oil spills




12 See also
13 Notes
14 References
15 Bibliography
16 External links



History[edit]
Origins[edit]




Royal Dutch Petroleum dock in the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia)






The oil well at Pangkalan Brandan, North Sumatra is considered to be the origin of the Royal Dutch Shell.


The Royal Dutch Shell Group was created in February 1907 through the amalgamation of two rival companies: the Royal Dutch Petroleum Company of the Netherlands and the Shell Transport and Trading Company Limited of the United Kingdom.[15] It was a move largely driven by the need to compete globally with Standard Oil.[16] The Royal Dutch Petroleum Company was a Dutch company founded in 1890 to develop an oilfield in Pangkalan Brandan, North Sumatra,[17] and initially led by August Kessler, Hugo Loudon, and Henri Deterding. The "Shell" Transport and Trading Company (the quotation marks were part of the legal name) was a British company, founded in 1897 by Marcus Samuel, 1st Viscount Bearsted, and his brother Samuel Samuel.[18] Their father had owned an antique company in Houndsditch, London,[19] which expanded in 1833 to import and sell sea-shells, after which the company "Shell" took its name.[15][20]
For various reasons, the new firm operated as a dual-listed company, whereby the merging companies maintained their legal existence, but operated as a single-unit partnership for business purposes. The terms of the merger gave 60 percent ownership of the new group to the Dutch arm and 40 percent to the British.[21]
National patriotic sensibilities would not permit a full-scale merger or takeover of either of the two companies.[21] The Dutch company, Koninklijke Nederlandsche Petroleum Maatschappij at The Hague, was in charge of production and manufacture.[22] The British Anglo-Saxon Petroleum Company was based in London, to direct the transport and storage of the products.[22]
20th century[edit]




Shell benzine for Sir Ernest Henry Shackleton, Antarctic Expedition 1915.


During the First World War, Shell was the main supplier of fuel to the British Expeditionary Force.[23] It was also the sole supplier of aviation fuel and supplied 80 percent of the British Army's TNT.[23] It also volunteered all of its shipping to the British Admiralty.[23]
The German invasion of Romania in 1916 saw 17% of the group's worldwide production destroyed.[23]
In 1919, Shell took control of the Mexican Eagle Petroleum Company and in 1921 formed Shell-Mex Limited which marketed products under the "Shell" and "Eagle" brands in the United Kingdom. In 1929, Shell Chemicals was founded.[23] By the end of the 1920s, Shell was the world's leading oil company, producing 11 percent of the world's crude oil supply and owning 10 percent of its tanker tonnage.[23]
Shell Mex House was completed in 1931, and was the head office for Shell's marketing activity worldwide.[23] In 1932, partly in response to the difficult economic conditions of the times, Shell-Mex merged its UK marketing operations with those of British Petroleum to create Shell-Mex and BP,[24] a company that traded until the brands separated in 1975. Royal Dutch Company ranked 79th among United States corporations in the value of World War II military production contracts.[25]
The 1930s saw Shell's Mexican assets seized by the local government.[23] After the invasion of the Netherlands by Germany in 1940, the head office of the Dutch companies was moved to Curacao.[23] In 1945 Shell's Danish headquarters in Copenhagen, at the time being used by the Gestapo, was bombed by Royal Air Force Mosquitoes in Operation Carthage.[26]
Around 1952, Shell was the first company to purchase and use a computer in the Netherlands.[27] The computer, a Ferranti Mark 1*, was assembled and used at the Shell laboratory in Amsterdam. In 1970 Shell acquired the mining company Billiton, which it subsequently sold in 1994 and now forms part of BHP Billiton.[28]
21st century[edit]
In November 2004, following a period of turmoil caused by the revelation that Shell had been overstating its oil reserves, it was announced that the Shell Group would move to a single capital structure, creating a new parent company to be named Royal Dutch Shell plc, with its primary listing on the London Stock Exchange, a secondary listing on the Amsterdam Stock Exchange, its headquarters and tax residency in The Hague, Netherlands and its registered office in London. The unification was completed on 20 July 2005 and the original owners delisted their companies from the respective exchanges. On 20 July 2005, the Shell Transport & Trading Company plc was delisted from the LSE,[29] where as, Royal Dutch Petroleum Company from NYSE on 18 November 2005.[30] The shares of the company were issued at a 60/40 advantage for the shareholders of Royal Dutch in line with the original ownership of the Shell Group.[31]
During the 2009 Iraqi oil services contracts tender, a consortium led by Shell (45%) and which included Petronas (30%) was awarded a production contract for the "Majnoon field" in the south of Iraq, which contains an estimated 12.6 billion barrels (2.00×109 m3) of oil.[32][33] The "West Qurna 1 field" production contract was awarded to a consortium led by ExxonMobil (60%) and included Shell (15%).[34]
In February 2010 Shell and Cosan formed a 50:50 joint-venture, Raízen, comprising all of Cosan's Brazilian ethanol, energy generation, fuel distribution and sugar activities, and all of Shell's Brazilian retail fuel and aviation distribution businesses.[35] In March 2010, Shell announced the sale of some of its assets, including its liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) business, to meet the cost of a planned $28bn capital spending programme. Shell invited buyers to submit indicative bids, due by 22 March, with a plan to raise $2–3bn from the sale.[36] In June 2010, Royal Dutch Shell agreed to acquire all the business of East Resources for a cash consideration of $4.7 billion. The transaction included East Resources' tight gas fields.[37]
Over the course of 2013, the corporation began the sale of its US shale gas assets and cancelled a US$20 billion gas project that was to be constructed in the US state of Louisiana. A new CEO Ben van Beurden was appointed in January 2014, prior to the announcement that the corporation's overall performance in 2013 was 38 per cent lower than 2012—the value of Shell's shares fell by 3 per cent as a result.[38] Following the sale of the majority of its Australian assets in February 2014, the corporation plans to sell a further US$15 billion worth of assets in the period leading up to 2015, with deals announced in Australia, Brazil and Italy.[39]
Royal Dutch Shell announced on 8 April 2015 it had agreed to buy BG Group for £47 billion (US$70 billion), subject to shareholder and regulatory approval.[40] The acquisition was completed in February 2016, resulting in Shell surpassing Chevron Corporation and becoming the world's second largest non-state oil company.[41]
On 7 June 2016, Royal Dutch Shell announced that it would build an ethane cracker plant near Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania after spending several years doing environmental cleanup of the proposed plant's site.[42]
In January 2017, Royal Dutch Shell agreed to sell £2.46bn worth of North Sea assets to oil exploration firm Chrysaor.[43] In 2017, Shell sold its oil sands assets to Canadian Natural Resources in exchange of approximately 8.8% stake in that company. In May 2017, it was reported that Shell plans to sell its shares in Canadian Natural Resources fully exiting the oil sands business.[44]
Environmental record[edit]
The presence of companies like Shell in the Niger-Delta has led to extreme environmental issues in the Niger Delta. Many pipelines in the Niger-Delta owned by Shell are old and corroded. Shell has acknowledged its responsibility for keeping the pipelines new but has also denied responsibility for environmental causes.[45] This has led to mass protests from the Niger-Delta inhabitants, Amnesty International, and Friends of the Earth Netherlands against Shell. It has also led to action plans to boycott Shell by environmental groups, and human rights groups.[46] In January 2013, a Dutch court rejected four out of five allegations brought against the firm over oil pollution in the Niger Delta but found a subsidiary guilty of one case of pollution, ordering compensation to be paid to a Nigerian farmer.[47]
On 15 January 1999, off the Argentinian town of Magdalena, Buenos Aires, the Shell tanker Estrella Pampeana collided with a German freighter, emptying its contents into the lake, polluting the environment, drinkable water, plants and animals. Over a decade after the spill, a referendum held in Magdalena determined the acceptance of a US$9.5 million compensatory payout from Shell.[48] Shell denied responsibility for the spill, but an Argentine court ruled in 2002 that the corporation was responsible.[49]
Shell joined the Global Climate Coalition of businesses opposed to greenhouse gas emission regulation. In 1989, Shell redesigned a $3-billion North Sea natural gas platform in the North Sea, raising its height one to two meters, to accommodate an anticipated sea level rise due to global warming.[50] In 2013, Royal Dutch Shell PLC reported CO2 emissions of 81 million metric tonnes.[51]
Shell is known to be processing oil from the Amazon region of South America, a large concern for environmentalists trying to protect the area. In the United States, the Martinez refinery (CA) and the Puget Sound Refinery (WA) carry Amazonian oil. In 2015, 14% of the Martinez refinery's gross, at 19,570 barrels per day, came from the Amazon. [52]
Climate change[edit]
In 2017, a public information film unseen for years resurfaced and showed Shell had clear grasp of global warming 26 years earlier but has not acted accordingly since, said critics. [53][54][55]
Corporate affairs[edit]
Management[edit]
On 4 August 2005, the board of directors announced the appointment of Jorma Ollila, chairman and CEO of Nokia at the time, to succeed Aad Jacobs as the company's non-executive chairman on 1 June 2006. Ollila is the first Shell chairman to be neither Dutch nor British. Other non-executive directors include Maarten van den Bergh, Wim Kok, Nina Henderson, Lord Kerr, Adelbert van Roxe, and Christine Morin-Postel.[56]
Since 3 January 2014, Ben van Beurden is CEO of Shell.[38] His Predecessor was Peter Voser who became CEO of Shell on 1 July 2009.[57]
Following a career at the corporation, in locations such as Australia and Africa, Ann Pickard was appointed as the executive vice president of the Arctic at Royal Dutch Shell, a role that was publicized in an interview with McKinsey & Company in June 2014.[58]
Name and logo[edit]
The name Shell is linked to The "Shell" Transport and Trading Company.[59] In 1833, the founder's father, Marcus Samuel Sr., founded an import business to sell seashells to London collectors. When collecting seashell specimens in the Caspian Sea area in 1892, the younger Samuel realised there was potential in exporting lamp oil from the region and commissioned the world's first purpose-built oil tanker, the Murex (Latin for a type of snail shell), to enter this market; by 1907 the company had a fleet. Although for several decades the company had a refinery at Shell Haven on the Thames, there is no evidence of this having provided the name.[60]
The Shell logo is one of the most familiar commercial symbols in the world. This logo is known as the "pecten" after the sea shell Pecten maximus (the giant scallop), on which its design is based. The yellow and red colours used are thought[61] to relate to the colours of the flag of Spain, as Shell built early service stations in California, previously a Spanish colony. The current revision of the logo was designed by Raymond Loewy in 1971.[62]
The slash was removed from the name "Royal Dutch/Shell" in 2005, concurrent with moves to merge the two legally separate companies (Royal Dutch and Shell) to the single legal entity which exists today.[63]
Logo evolution[edit]







1900









1904









1909









1930




Operations[edit]
Business groupings[edit]




Upstream activities currently generate around two-thirds of Shell's revenues


Shell is currently organised into four major business groupings:[64]

Upstream – manages the upstream business. It searches for and recovers crude oil and natural gas and operates the upstream and midstream infrastructure necessary to deliver oil and gas to the market. Its activities are organised primarily within geographic units, although there are some activities that are managed across the business or provided through support units.
Integrated Gas and New Energies – manages liquefying natural gas, converting gas to liquids and low-carbon opportunities.
Downstream – manages Shell's manufacturing, distribution and marketing activities for oil products and chemicals. Manufacturing and supply includes refinery, supply and shipping of crude oil.
Projects and technology – manages the delivery of Shell's major projects, provides technical services and technology capability covering both upstream and downstream activities. It is also responsible for providing functional leadership across Shell in the areas of health, safety and environment, and contracting and procurement.

Oil and gas activities[edit]




Former Shell oil depot in Kowloon, Hong Kong around the mid-1980s


Shell's primary business is the management of a vertically integrated oil company. The development of technical and commercial expertise in all stages of this vertical integration, from the initial search for oil (exploration) through its harvesting (production), transportation, refining and finally trading and marketing established the core competencies on which the company was founded. Similar competencies were required for natural gas, which has become one of the most important businesses in which Shell is involved, and which contributes a significant proportion of the company's profits. While the vertically integrated business model provided significant economies of scale and barriers to entry, each business now seeks to be a self-supporting unit without subsidies from other parts of the company.[65]
Traditionally, Shell was a heavily decentralised business worldwide (especially in the downstream) with companies in over 100 countries, each of which operated with a high degree of independence. The upstream tended to be far more centralised with much of the technical and financial direction coming from the central offices in The Hague. The upstream oil sector is also commonly known as the "exploration and production" sector.[66]
Downstream operations, which now also includes the chemicals business, generates a third of Shell's profits worldwide and is known for its global network of more than 40,000 petrol stations and its various oil refineries. The downstream business, which in some countries also included oil refining, generally included a retail petrol station network, lubricants manufacture and marketing, industrial fuel and lubricants sales and a host of other product/market sectors such as LPG and bitumen. The practice in Shell was that these businesses were essentially local and that they were best managed by local "operating companies" – often with middle and senior management reinforced by expatriates.[67]
Sponsorships[edit]
Shell has a long history of motorsport sponsorship, most notably Scuderia Ferrari (1951-1964, 1966-1973 and 1996-present), BRM (1962-1966 and 1968-1972), Scuderia Toro Rosso (2007-2013 and 2016), McLaren (1967-1968 and 1984-1994), Lotus (1968-1971), Team Penske (2011–present), Hyundai Motorsport (since 2005), AF Corse, Risi Competizione, BMW Motorsport and Dick Johnson Racing (1987-2004). It will again become title sponsor for the latter (now rebranded as DJR Team Penske) in 2017.[68]
Africa[edit]
Shell began drilling for oil in Africa during the 1950s. Shell began production in Nigeria in 1958.[69] Shell operates in the upstream oil sector in Algeria, Cameroon, Egypt, Gabon where is the giant Rabi-Kounga oil field, Ghana, Libya, Morocco, Nigeria, South Africa and Tunisia; and in the downstream sector in 16 other countries.[70]
In Nigeria, Shell told US diplomats that it had placed staff in all the main ministries of the government.[71]
In April 2010, Shell announced its intention to divest from downstream business of all African countries except South Africa and Egypt to Vitol and "Helios".[72] In several countries such as Tunisia, protests and strikes broke out. Shell denied rumours of the sellout.[73] Shell continues however upstream activities/extracting crude oil in the oil-rich Niger Delta as well as downstream/commercial activities in South Africa. In June 2013, the company announced a strategic review of its operations in Nigeria, hinting that assets could be divested. In August 2014, the company disclosed it was in the process of finalizing the sale of its interests in four Nigerian oil fields.[74]
Asia[edit]




A Shell gasoline station in Sabah, Malaysia


Hong Kong[edit]
Shell has been active in Hong Kong for a century, providing Retail, LPG, Commercial Fuel, Lubricants, Bitumen, Aviation, Marine and Chemicals services and products. Shell also sponsored the first Hong Kong-built aircraft, Inspiration', for its around-the-world trip.[75]
Malaysia[edit]
Shell discovered the first oil well in Malaysia in 1910, in Miri, Sarawak. Today the oil well is a state monument known as the Grand Old Lady. In 1914, following this discovery, Shell built Malaysia's first oil refinery and laid a submarine pipeline in Miri.[76][77]
Philippines[edit]




Shell oil depot (Poro Point, San Fernando, La Union, Philippines).


Royal Dutch Shell operates in the Philippines under its subsidiary, Pilipinas Shell Petroleum Corporation. Its headquarters is in Makati City and it has facilities in the Pandacan oil depot and other key locations.[78]
On January 2010, the Bureau of Customs claimed 7.34 billion pesos worth of unpaid excise taxes against Pilipinas Shell for importing Catalytic cracked gasoline (CCG) and light catalytic cracked gasoline (LCCG) stating that those imports are bound for tariff charges.[79]
In August 2016, Pilipinas Shell filed an application to sell US$629 million worth of primary and secondary shares to the investing public (registration statement) with the SEC. This was a prelude to filing its IPO listing application with the Philippine Stock Exchange. On 3 November 2016 the Pilipinas Shell Petroleum Corporation was officially listed on the Philippine Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol SHLPH after they held its Initial Public Offering on 19 to 25 October of the same year.[80]
Singapore[edit]
Shell has a strong presence in Singapore, indeed Singapore is the main centre for Shell's petrochemical operations in Asia Pacific region. Shell Eastern Petroleum limited (SEPL) have their refinery located in Singapore's Pulau Bukom island. They also operate as Shell Chemicals Seraya in Jurong Island.[81]
Europe[edit]
Ireland[edit]
Shell first started trading in Ireland in 1902.[82] Shell E&P Ireland (SEPIL) (previously Enterprise Energy Ireland) is an Irish exploration and production subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell. Its headquarters are on Leeson Street in Dublin. It was acquired in May 2002.[83] Its main project is the Corrib gas project, a large gas field off the northwest coast, for which Shell has encountered controversy and protests in relation to the onshore pipeline and licence terms.[84]
In 2005 Shell disposed of its entire retail and commercial fuels business in Ireland to Topaz Energy Group. This included depots, company-owned petrol stations and supply agreements stations throughout the island of Ireland.[85] The retail outlets were re-branded as Topaz in 2008/9.[86]
Nordic countries[edit]
On 27 August 2007, Royal Dutch Shell and Reitan Group, the owner of the 7-Eleven brand in Scandinavia, announced an agreement to re-brand some 269 service stations across Norway, Sweden, Finland and Denmark, subject to obtaining regulatory approvals under the different competition laws in each country.[87] On April 2010 Shell announced that the corporation is in process of trying to find a potential buyer for all of its operations in Finland and is doing similar market research concerning Swedish operations.[88][89] On October 2010 Shell's gas stations and the heavy vehicle fuel supply networks in Finland and Sweden, along with a refinery located in Gothenburg, Sweden were sold to St1, a Finnish energy company, more precisely to its major shareholding parent company Keele Oy.[90]
United Kingdom[edit]
In the UK sector of the North Sea Shell employs around 4,500 staff in Scotland as well as an additional 1,000 service contractors: however in August 2014 it announced it was laying off 250 of them, mainly in Aberdeen.[91]
North America[edit]
Main articles: Shell Oil Company and Shell Canada




Service station near Lost Hills, California






Shell gas station sign in Phoenix, Arizona






Shell gas station in Canada


Through most of Shell's early history, the Shell Oil Company business in the United States was substantially independent with its stock being traded on the NYSE and with little direct involvement from the group's central offices in the running of the American business. However, in 1984, Royal Dutch Shell made a bid to purchase those shares of Shell Oil Company it did not own (around 30%) and despite opposition from some minority shareholders, which led to a court case, Shell completed the buyout for a sum of $5.7 billion.[92]
Australia[edit]
On 20 May 2011, Royal Dutch Shell's final investment decision for the world's first floating liquefied natural gas (FLNG) facility was finalized following the discovery of the remote offshore Prelude field—located off Australia's northwestern coast and estimated to contain about 3 trillion cubic feet of natural gas equivalent reserves—in 2007. FLNG technology is based on liquefied natural gas (LNG) developments that were pioneered in the mid-20th century and facilitates the exploitation of untapped natural gas reserves located in remote areas, often too small to extract any other way.[93][94]
The floating vessel to be used for the Prelude field, known as Prelude FLNG, is promoted as the longest floating structure in the world and will take in the equivalent of 110,000 barrels of oil per day in natural gas—at a location 200 km (125 miles) off the coast of Western Australia—and cool it into liquefied natural gas for transport and sale in Asia. The Prelude is expected to start producing LNG in 2017[95]—analysts estimated the total cost of construction at more than US$12 billion.[93][94][96]
Following the decision by the Royal Dutch Shell fuel corporation to close its Geelong, Australia refinery in April 2013, a third consecutive annual loss was recorded for Shell's Australian refining and fuel marketing assets. Revealed in June 2013, the writedown is worth A$203 million, and was preceded by a A$638m writedown in 2012 and a A$407m writedown in 2011, after the closure of the Clyde refinery in Sydney, Australia.[97]
In February 2014, Shell sold its Australian refinery and petrol stations for US$2.6 billion (A$2.9 billion) to Vitol, a Geneva-based company.[98] Vitol stated that the Geelong refinery will remain open, as the company plans to expand further into the Australian market. At the time of the sale, Royal Dutch Shell was expected to continue investment into the Australian market, with projects that involve Chevron Corp., Woodside Petroleum and Prelude.[39]
Shell sold 9.5% of its 23.1% stake in Woodside Petroleum in June 2014 and advised that it had reached an agreement for Woodside to buy back 9.5% of its shares at a later stage. Shell became a major shareholder in Woodside after a 2001 takeover attempt was blocked by then federal Treasurer Peter Costello and the corporation has been open about its intention to sell its stake in Woodside as part of its target to shed assets. At a general body meeting, held on 1 August 2014, 72 percent of shareholders voted to approve the buy-back, short of the 75 percent vote that was required for approval. A statement from Shell read: "Royal Dutch Shell acknowledges the outcome of Woodside Petroleum Limited's shareholders' negative vote on the selective buy-back proposal. Shell is reviewing its options in relation to its remaining 13.6 percent holding."[99]
Alternative energy[edit]
In the early 2000s Shell moved into alternative energy and there is now an embryonic "Renewables" business that has made investments in solar power, wind power, hydrogen, and forestry. The forestry business went the way of nuclear, coal, metals and electricity generation, and was disposed of in 2003. In 2006 Shell paid SolarWorld to take over its entire solar business[100] and in 2008, the company withdrew from the London Array which has become the world's largest offshore wind farm.[101]
Shell also is involved in large-scale hydrogen projects. HydrogenForecast.com describes Shell's approach thus far as consisting of "baby steps", but with an underlying message of "extreme optimism".[102]
Shell holds 50% of Raízen, a joint venture with Brazilian sugarcane producer Cosan which is the third-largest Brazil-based energy company by revenues and a major producer of ethanol.[10]
In December 2016, Shell won the auction for the 700 MW Borssele III & IV offshore wind farms at a price of 5.45 c/kWh, beating 6 other consortia.[103]
Current projects[edit]
Arctic[edit]
Following the purchase of an offshore lease in 2005, Shell initiated its US$4.5 billion Arctic drilling program in 2006, after the corporation purchased the "Kulluk" oil rig and leased the Noble Discoverer drillship.[104][105] At inception, the project was led by Pete Slaiby, a Shell executive who had previously worked in the North Sea.[106] However, after the purchase of a second offshore lease in 2008, Shell only commenced drilling work in 2012, due to the refurbishment of rigs, permit delays from the relevant authorities and lawsuits.[107][108][109] The plans to drill in the Arctic led to protests from environmental groups, particularly Greenpeace; furthermore, analysts in the energy field, as well as related industries, also expressed skepticism due to perceptions that drilling in the region is "too dangerous because of harsh conditions and remote locations".[109][110]
Further problems hampered the Arctic project after the commencement of drilling in 2012, as Shell dealt with a series of issues that involved air permits, Coast Guard certification of a marine vessel and severe damage to essential oil-spill equipment. Additionally, difficult weather conditions resulted in the delay of drilling during mid-2012 and the already dire situation was exacerbated by the "Kulluk" incident at the end of the year. Royal Dutch Shell had invested nearly US$5 billion by this stage of the project.[106][109]
As the Kulluk oil rig was being towed to the American state of Washington to be serviced in preparation for the 2013 drilling season, a winter storm on 27 December 2012 caused the towing crews, as well as the rescue service, to lose control of the situation. As of 1 January 2013, the Kulluk was grounded off the coast Sitkalidak Island, near the eastern end of Kodiak Island. Following the accident, a Fortune magazine contacted Larry McKinney, the executive director at the Harte Research Institute for Gulf of Mexico Studies at Texas A&M, and he explained that "A two-month delay in the Arctic is not a two-month delay ... A two-month delay could wipe out the entire drilling season."[106]
It was unclear if Shell would recommence drilling in mid-2013, following the "Kulluk" incident and, in February 2013, the corporation stated that it would "pause" its closely watched drilling project off the Alaskan coast in 2013, and will instead prepare for future exploration.[111] In January 2014, the corporation announced the extension of the suspension of its drilling program in the Arctic, with chief executive van Beurden explaining that the project is "under review" due to both market and internal issues.[112]
A June 2014 interview with Pickard indicated that, following a forensic analysis of the problems encountered in 2012, Royal Dutch Shell will continue with the project and Pickard stated that she perceives the future of the corporation activity in the Arctic region as a long-term "marathon".[58] Pickard stated that the forensic "look back" revealed "there was an on/off switch" and further explained:

In other words, don't spend the money unless you're sure you're going to have the legal environment to go forward. Don't spend the money unless you're sure you're going to have the permit. No, I can't tell you that I'm going to have that permit until June, but we need to plan like we're going to have that permit in June. And so probably the biggest lesson is to make sure we could smooth out the on/off switches wherever we could and take control of our own destiny.[58]

Based upon the interview with Pickard, Shell is approaching the project as an investment that will reap energy resources with a lifespan of around 30 years.[58]
Controversies[edit]




Former Shell Research and Technology Centre, Amsterdam


Shell has been criticised for its businesses in Africa, notably in relation to protests of the Ogoni in 1995.[113]
In the 1990s, protesters criticised the company's environmental record, particularly the possible pollution caused by the proposed disposal of the Brent Spar platform into the North Sea. Despite support from the UK government, Shell reversed the decision under public pressure but maintained that sinking the platform would have been environmentally better.[114] Shell subsequently published an unequivocal commitment to sustainable development, supported by executive speeches reinforcing this commitment.[115]
2004 overstatement of oil reserves[edit]
In 2004 Shell overstated its oil reserves, resulting in loss of confidence in the group, a £17 million fine by the Financial Services Authority and the departure of the chairman Philip Watts. A lawsuit resulted in the payment of $450 million to non-American shareholders in 2007.[116][117][118]
Corporate communications[edit]




Shell Centre building in London, UK


Shell's advertising regarding its renewable energy business has been described as a greenwash by some environmental lobbies,[119] leading to criticism from the British Advertising Standards Authority which ruled that Shell had misled the public in an advertisement when it claimed that a $10 billion oil sands project in Alberta, Canada was a "sustainable energy source".[120]
Health and safety[edit]
A number of incidents over the years led to criticism of Shell's health and safety record, including repeated warnings by the UK Health and Safety Executive about the poor state of the company's North Sea platforms.[121]
Human rights[edit]
In the beginning of 1996, several human rights groups brought cases to hold Shell accountable for alleged human rights violations in Nigeria, including summary execution, crimes against humanity, torture, inhumane treatment and arbitrary arrest and detention. In particular, Shell stood accused of collaborating in the execution of Ken Saro-Wiwa and eight other leaders of the Ogoni tribe of southern Nigeria, who were hanged in 1995 by Nigeria's then military rulers.[122] The lawsuits were brought against Royal Dutch Shell and Brian Anderson, the head of its Nigerian operation.[123] In 2009, Shell agreed to pay $15.5m in a legal settlement.[122] Shell has not accepted any liability over the allegations against it.[124]
In 2009, Shell was the subject of an Amnesty International report into the deterioration of human rights as a consequence of Shell's activities in the Niger Delta. In particular, Amnesty criticised the continuation of gas flaring and Shell's slow response to oil spills.[125] In 1998, on its first public report on community and environmental issues in Nigeria, Shell promised "to end the practice of gas flaring in ten years, while pledging to establish a youth training scheme in Ogoniland".[126]
In 2010, a leaked cable revealed that Shell claims to have inserted staff into all the main ministries of the Nigerian government and know "everything that was being done in those ministries", according to Shell's top executive in Nigeria. The same executive also boasted that the Nigerian government had forgotten about the extent of Shell's infiltration.[71] Documents released in 2009 (but not used in the court case) reveal that Shell regularly made payments to the Nigerian military in order to prevent protests.[127]
Arctic project[edit]
According to the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management report in 2015 the chances of a major spill in a deep-sea Arctic drilling is 75% before century's end.[128]
Kodiak[edit]
In 2010 Greenpeace activists painted "No Arctic Drilling" with spilled BP oil on the side of a ship in the Gulf of Mexico that was en route to explore for Arctic oil for Shell. At the protest, Phil Radford of Greenpeace called for "President Obama [to] ban all offshore oil drilling and call for an end to the use of oil in our cars by 2030."[110]
On 16 March 2012, 52 Greenpeace activists from five different countries boarded Fennica and Nordica, multipurpose icebreakers chartered to support Shell's drilling rigs near Alaska.[129] Around the same time period, a reporter for Fortune magazine spoke with Edward Itta, an Inupiat Eskimo leader and the former mayor of the North Slope Borough, who expressed that he was conflicted about Shell's plans in the Arctic, as he was very concerned that an oil spill could destroy the Inupiat Eskimo's hunting-and-fishing culture, but his borough also received major tax revenue from oil and gas production; additionally, further revenue from energy activity was considered crucial to the future of the living standard in Itta's community.[106]
In July 2012, Greenpeace activists shut down 53 Shell petrol stations in Edinburgh and London in a protest against the company's plans to drill for oil in the Arctic. Greenpeace's "Save the Arctic" campaign aims to prevent oil drilling and industrial fishing in the Arctic by declaring the uninhabited area around the North Pole a global sanctuary.[130]
A review was announced after the Kulluk oil rig ran aground near Kodiak Island in December 2012.[131]
In response, Shell filed lawsuits to seek injunctions from possible protests, and Benjamin Jealous of the NAACP and Radford argued that the legal action was "trampling Americans' rights."[132] According to Greenpeace, Shell lodged a request with Google to take down video footage of a Greenpeace protest action that occurred at the Shell-sponsored Formula One (F1) Belgian Grand Prix on 25 August 2013, in which "SaveTheArctic.org" banners appear at the winners' podium ceremony. In the video, the banners rise up automatically—activists controlled their appearance with the use of four radio car antennas—revealing the website URL, alongside an image that consists of half of a polar bear's head and half of the Shell logo.[133]
Royal Dutch Shell then announced a "pause" in the timeline of the project in early 2013[111] and, in September 2015, the corporation announced the extension of the suspension of its drilling program in the Arctic.[134]
Polar Pioneer[edit]
A June 2014 interview with the corporation's new executive vice president of the Arctic indicated that Royal Dutch Shell will continue with its activity in the region.[58][112]
In Seattle protests began in May 2015 in response to the news that the Port of Seattle made an agreement with Shell to berth rigs at the Port's Terminal 5 during the off-season of oil exploration in Alaskan waters. The arrival of Shell's new Arctic drilling vessel, the Polar Pioneer ( IMO number: 8754140), a semi-submersible offshore drilling rig, was greeted by large numbers of environmental protesters paddling kayaks in Elliott Bay.[135][136]
On 6 May 2015 it was reported that during a coast guard inspection of the Polar Pioneer, a piece of anti-pollution gear failed, resulting in fines and delay of the operation.[137] Oil executives from Total and Eni interviewed by the New York Times, expressed scepticism about Shell's new ambitions for offshore drilling in the Arctic, and cited economic and environmental hurdles. ConocoPhillips and Statoil suspended Arctic drilling earlier, after Shell's failed attempt in 2012.[138]
Oil spills[edit]

Shell was responsible for around 21,000 gallons of oil spilled near Tracy, California in May 2016 due to a pipeline crack.[139]
Shell was responsible for a 88,200-gallon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico in May 2016.[140]
Two ruptures in a Shell Oil Co. pipeline in Altamont, California - one in September 2015 and another in May 2016 - had some questioning whether the Office of the State Fire Marshal, charged with overseeing the pipeline, was doing an adequate job.[141]

See also[edit]


Companies portal
Energy portal



Bataafse Petroleum Maatschappij
Chaco War
Lensbury
royaldutchshellplc.com
Shell Guides, a series of guidebooks
Shell V-Power
List of investors in Bernard L. Madoff Securities
List of companies based in London
Fossil fuels lobby

Notes[edit]



^ Proforma aggregate total for Royal Dutch Shell and BG Group combined.



References[edit]


^ a b c d e f g "Royal Dutch Shell plc Financial Statements". Google. Retrieved 10 July 2016. 
^ "About Shell". Shell. Retrieved 12 July 2013. 
^ "Global 500. Royal Dutch Shell". CNN. 2012. Retrieved 29 January 2013. 
^ Shell, Glencore, and Other Multinationals Dominate Their Home Economies 4 April 2013 BusinessWeek
^ Webb, Tim (17 March 2009). "Shell dumps wind, solar and hydro power in favour of biofuels". London: The Guardian. Retrieved 17 March 2013. 
^ "Wind". shell.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ "Shell at a glance". Royal Dutch Shell plc. Retrieved 30 August 2010. 
^ a b "8 Apr 2015 - Recommended Cash and Share Offer Announcement" (PDF). Royal Dutch Shell plc. Retrieved 29 October 2016. 
^ "Exploration & Production in the United States". Royal Dutch Shell plc. Archived from the original on 24 July 2011. Retrieved 30 August 2010. 
^ a b Shell and Cosan join forces for $ 12 billion ethanol venture
^ a b Fox, Justin (8 April 2015). "Stop Calling Shell an Oil Company". Bloomberg. Retrieved 29 October 2016. 
^ "Market Cap Rankings". Ycharts. Zacks Investment Research. 8 April 2012. Archived from the original on 31 March 2012. Retrieved 9 April 2012. 
^ "FTSE All-Share Index Ranking". stockchallenge.co.uk. Retrieved 1 January 2017. 
^ "Report: Qatar eyes largest piece of Shell". Upstream Online. NHST Media Group. 7 September 2012. Retrieved 8 September 2012. 
^ a b "The beginnings". shell.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ Fred Aftalion (2001). A History of the International Chemical Industry. Chemical Heritage Foundation. p. 142. ISBN 978-0-941901-29-1. 
^ Merrillees 2015, p. 60.
^ Royal Dutch Shell: History Archived 11 October 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Mark Forsyth (2011). The Etymologicon: A Circular Stroll through the Hidden Connections of the English Language. Icon Books. p. 140. ISBN 978-1-84831-319-4. 
^ Falola, Toyin; Genova, Ann (2005). The Politics of the Global Oil Industry: An Introduction. Greenwood Publishing Group. p. 30. 
^ a b F. C. Gerretson (1953). History of the Royal Dutch. Brill Archive. p. 346. GGKEY:NNJNHTLUZKG. 
^ a b F. C. Gerretson (1953). History of the Royal Dutch. Brill Archive. p. 346. GGKEY:NNJNHTLUZKG. 
^ a b c d e f g h i "The early 20th century". shell.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ Reference and contact details: GB 1566 SMBP Title:Shell-Mex and BP Archive Dates of Creation: 1900–1975 Held at: BP Archive GB 1566 SMBP
^ Peck, Merton J. & Scherer, Frederic M. The Weapons Acquisition Process: An Economic Analysis (1962) Harvard Business School p.619
^ Velschow, Klaus. "The Bombing of the Shellhus on March 21, 1945". milhist.dk. Archived from the original on 10 April 2014. Retrieved 21 April 2015. 
^ The Ferranti Mark 1* that went to Shell labs in Amsterdam, Netherlands (Dutch only)
^ "Analysis: Cash bounty lures miners into risky empire-building". Reuters. 27 September 2010. Retrieved 22 April 2011. 
^ The Shell Transport & Trading Company plc delisted from LSE
^ N.V. Koninklijke Nederlandsche Petroleum Maatschappij (English translation, Royal Dutch Petroleum Company) to Withdraw its Ordinary Shares, par value 0.56 Euro, from NYSE
^ Shell shareholders agree merger BBC News, 2005
^ "Iraq holds oil auction, Shell wins giant field". Reuters. 11 December 2009. Retrieved 22 August 2012. 
^ Pagnamenta, Robin (12 December 2009). "Shell secures vital toehold in 'the new Iraq' where oil is ready to flow". The Times. London. Retrieved 22 April 2011. 
^ 2009 Iraqi oil services contracts tender
^ "Shell bets on ethanol in $21 billion deal with Brazil's Cosan". Reuters. 1 February 2010. Retrieved 22 April 2011. 
^ "Shell to fund capital spending by selling LPG assets". 1 March 2010. Retrieved 11 March 2010. 
^ "Shell Acquires East Resources' Tight Gas Fields". Infogrok.com. 31 May 2010. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ a b Tom Bawden (17 January 2014). "Royal Dutch Shell issues shock profit warning". The Independent. London. Retrieved 24 February 2014. 
^ a b James Paton (21 February 2014). "Vitol to Pay Shell A$2.9 Billion for Australian Assets". Bloomberg. Retrieved 24 February 2014. 
^ Tiffany Hsu (8 April 2015). "Shell-BG tie-up could challenge market leader Exxon Mobil". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 8 April 2015. 
^ Rakteem Katakey (15 February 2016). "Shell Surpasses Chevron to Become No. 2 Oil Company: Chart". Bloomberg.com. 
^ Shell takes final investment decision to build a new petrochemicals complex in Pennsylvania, US Royal Dutch Shell (06/07/2016)
^ "Shell sells North Sea assets worth £2.46bn to Chrysaor". BBC News. 31 January 2017. Retrieved 10 June 2017. 
^ Williams, Nia (24 May 2017). "Shell, ConocoPhillips oil sands share selloff risks flooding market". Reuters. Retrieved 10 June 2017. 
^ Shell International Petroleum Company, Developments in Nigeria (London: March 1995)
^ "Niger Delta: Shell's manifestly false claims about oil pollution exposed, again". Amnesty International. 3 November 2015. Retrieved 26 March 2015. 
^ Shell Nigeria case: Court acquits firm on most charges, United Kingdom: BBC News, 30 January 2013 
^ "Argentinian town agrees to damages for oil spill". Radio Netherlands Worldwide. Radio Netherlands Worldwide. 18 May 2009. Retrieved 3 March 2014. 
^ "Court rules Shell must spend US$35mn on Magdalena clean-up". BNamericas. BNamericas. 22 November 2002. Retrieved 3 March 2014. 
^ Lieberman, Amy; Rust, Susanne (31 December 2015). "Big Oil braced for global warming while it fought regulations". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 22 January 2016. 
^ "Royal Dutch Shell PLC - AMEE". 
^ "From Well to Wheel: The Social, Environmental, and Climate Costs of Amazon Crude". Amazon Watch. Retrieved 27 March 2017. 
^ Carrington, Damian; Mommers, Jelmer (28 February 2017). "‘Shell knew’: oil giant's 1991 film warned of climate change danger". The Guardian. Retrieved 25 April 2017. 
^ Mommers, Jelmer; Carrington, Damian (28 February 2017). "If Shell knew climate change was dire 25 years ago, why still business as usual today?". The Correspondent. Retrieved 25 April 2017. 
^ Mommers, Jelmer (28 February 2017). "Shell made a film about climate change in 1991 (then neglected to heed its own warning)". The Correspondent. Retrieved 25 April 2017. 
^ "Royal Dutch Shell: Directors & Officers". FT.com. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Shell press release Archived 2 November 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b c d e Rik Kirkland (June 2014). "Leading in the 21st century: An interview with Shell's Ann Pickard". McKinsey & Company. McKinsey & Company. Retrieved 20 June 2014. 
^ "About Shell – The history of the Shell logo". About Shell. Shell International B.V. 15 June 2007. Archived from the original on 13 July 2010. Retrieved 10 March 2010. 
^ "Shell Haven celebrate a new jetty facility". Shell. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Business Superbrands, Editor: Marcel Knobil, Author James Curtis (2000), Superbrands Ltd. ISBN 978-0-9528153-4-1, p. 93.
^ "raymod loewy logos". designboom.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ "1980s to the new millennium – Shell Global". Shell Global. 17 December 2012. Retrieved 6 October 2013. 
^ "What we do". Shell. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Vertical integration". The Economist. 30 March 2009. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Industry Overview". Petroleum Services Association of Canada. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Facelift for Shell logo in pounds 500m 'new look' drive: Petrol giant plans to update outlets in 100 countries ready for next century". The Independent. 30 August 1993. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Shell to become full-time DJR Team Penske backer". Motorsport.com. 3 October 2016. 
^ "Post-war expansion". Shell. Retrieved 9 December 2010. 
^ "Where we operate". Shell. Archived from the original on 2 November 2010. Retrieved 9 December 2010. 
^ a b Smith, David (8 December 2010). "WikiLeaks cables: Shell's grip on Nigerian state revealed". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 9 December 2010. 
^ "Shell Group To Divest Assets In 21 African Countries". Peace FM Online. 8 April 2010. Archived from the original on 11 April 2010. 
^ Shell Denies Rumours of Planned Market Exit
^ "Stakes in four Nigerian oil fields being sold by Shell". Nigeria Sun. 27 August 2014. Retrieved 28 August 2014. 
^ "‘Inspiration’ in the skies: first Hong Kong-made plane prepares for epic world tour". Retrieved 28 July 2016. 
^ "‘Inspiration’ in the skies: first Hong Kong-made plane prepares for epic world tour". Retrieved 28 July 2016. 
^ 26 July 2016, Reuters.
^ "Pilipinas Shell Petroleum Corporation". Shell.com.ph. 17 February 2012. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ "Nasdaq.com". Nasdaq.com. 4 May 2012. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ "Report: PSE oks Pilipinas Shell’s P30B IPO". Upstream Online. Philippine Daily Inquirer. 29 September 2016. Retrieved 29 September 2016. 
^ "Shell Eastern Petroleum Ltd (SEPL), Singapore". ChemicalsTechnology. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Book "Down Many a Road", the story of Shell in Ireland from 1902 to 200 – Bob Montgomery Dreolín Publications 2002 ISBN 1-902773-11-X
^ Shell in Ireland Archived 8 August 2009 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Corrib". SubseaIQ. Bishop Interactive. Retrieved 9 August 2010. 
^ Making a big deal: the movers and shakers in Irish business Archived 30 May 2011 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Hennessy, Niamh (20 February 2008). "Topaz spending €50m re-branding Shell and Statoil stations nationwide". Archives.tcm.ie. Retrieved 17 May 2012. [dead link]
^ "7-Eleven and Shell join forces at 269 petrol stations" (Press release). Shell International B.V. 27 August 2007. Archived from the original on 29 August 2007. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ "Shell reviewing portfolio of LPG businesses" (Press release). Shell International B.V. 6 May 2010. Archived from the original on 17 May 2010. Retrieved 19 June 2010. 
^ "Shell Etsii mahdollista ostajaa Suomen toiminnoilleen" (Press release). Shell Finland. 6 April 2010. Retrieved 19 June 2010. [dead link]
^ "Keele buys Shell's Finnish and Swedish businesses" (Press release). Helsinki Times. 27 October 2010. Archived from the original on 1 August 2012. Retrieved 20 December 2011. 
^ "Reorganisation of North Sea operation to see Shell slash 250 jobs". Yahoo Finance. Retrieved 8 August 2014. 
^ Thomas C. Hayes (13 December 1990). "Shell Oil Shareholders Awarded $110 Million". The New York Times. Retrieved 27 February 2012. 
^ a b Peter Staas (3 June 2011). "Shell's Prelude FLNG Project: An Offshore Revolution?". Investing Daily. Capitol Information Group, Inc. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ a b Reuters and Associated Press (3 December 2013). "Shell's massive Prelude hull world's biggest-ever floating vessel and first ocean-based LNG plant". Financial Post. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ "Shell’s Prelude FLNG to start production in 2017?". LNG World News. 14 April 2016. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Ross Kelly (19 June 2014). "GDF Suez, Santos Halt Innovative LNG Plan in Australia". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ Matt Chambers (4 June 2013). "Geelong refinery writedown hits Shell for $203m". The Australian. Retrieved 6 June 2013. 
^ "Shell and Cosan join forces for $ 12 billion ethanol venture (Ecoseed)". 
^ "Shareholders reject Woodside plans to repurchase stake from Shell". Perth Herald. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ "SolarWorld Acquires Shell's Solar Business". RenewableEnergyWorld.com. 2 February 2006. Retrieved 18 August 2008. 
^ Shell pulls out of key wind power project, Financial Times, 1 May 2008
^ Stanley, Dean. "Shell Takes Flexible Approach to Fueling the Future". Executive View. Corland Publishing. Archived from the original on 20 August 2007. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ "Oil & Gas Giant to Build Dutch Borssele III & IV Offshore Wind Farms". Offshore Wind. 12 December 2016. Retrieved 14 December 2016. 
^ "Shell initiates Beaufort Sea oil exploration". Offshore Magazine. Pennwell Corporation. 17 March 2006. Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ Bailey, Alan (4 February 2007). "Shell proposes 18 wells". Petroleum News. 12 (5). Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ a b c d Jon Birger (3 January 2013). "What I learned aboard Shell's grounded Alaskan oil rig". Fortune Magazine. Time Inc. Retrieved 20 June 2014. 
^ Eaton, Joe (27 July 2012). "Shell Scales Back 2012 Arctic Drilling Goals". National Geographic. Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ Demer, Lisa (27 June 2012). "Shell drill rigs depart Seattle for Arctic waters in Alaska". Anchorage Daily News. Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ a b c Jerry Beilinson (1 January 2013). "What Shell's Kulluk Oil Rig Accident Means for Arctic Drilling". Popular Mechanics. Hearst Communication, Inc. Retrieved 20 June 2014. 
^ a b Phil Radford (24 May 2010). "[BP]resident Obama: Where Does BP Begin and Obama End?". The Huffington Post. Retrieved 5 October 2013. 
^ a b Mat Smith (27 February 2013). "Shell halts Arctic drill plans for 2013". CNN. Retrieved 27 February 2013. 
^ a b Terry Macalister (30 January 2014). "Shell shelves plan to drill in Alaskan Arctic this summer". The Guardian. Retrieved 3 March 2014. 
^ "The My Hero Project – Ken Saro Wiwa". Myhero.com. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ Brent Spar's long saga BBC News, 1998
^ Ek Kia, Tan (19 April 2005). "Sustainable Development in Shell" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 26 September 2007. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ G. Thomas Sims (12 April 2007). "Shell Settles With Europe on Overstated Oil Reserves". New York Times. 
^ Jill Treanor (31 May 2009). "Royal Dutch Shell to compensate shareholders for reserves scandal". The Guardian. London. 
^ Tim Fawcett (18 March 2004). "Shell's slippery slope". BBC News. 
^ Bruno, Kenny (24 January 2002). "Greenwash Award to Shell for Clouding the Issue". Campaigns. CorpWatch. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ John Vidal (13 August 2008). "Shell rapped by ASA for 'greenwash' advert". The Guardian. London. 
^ MacAlister, Terry (5 March 2007). "Shell safety record in North Sea takes a hammering". The Guardian. London. 
^ a b Ed Pilkington in New York (8 June 2009). "Shell pays out $15.5m over Saro-Wiwa killing". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ "Wiwa v. Shell". wiwavshell.org. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ "Shell settles Nigeria deaths case". BBC News. 9 June 2009. 
^ "Amnesty.org" (PDF). Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ Vogel, D. The market for virtue: The potential and limits of corporate social responsibility. 2006. p 143
^ Vidal, John (3 October 2011). "Shell oil paid Nigerian military to put down protests, court documents show". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 5 October 2011. Confidential memos, faxes, witness statements and other documents, released in 2009, show the company regularly paid the military to stop the peaceful protest movement against the pollution [...] In 2009, in a New York federal court, that evidence never saw light during the trial. 
^ Shell's Arctic oil rig departs Seattle as 'kayaktivists' warn of disaster The Guardian 15 June 2015
^ Activists protest at Shell's Finnish icebreaker rental. YLE, 16 March 2012. Retrieved 24 October 2012.
^ Laurie Tuffrey. "Greenpeace activists shut down 74 UK Shell petrol stations". the Guardian. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ Dan Joling (8 January 2013). "Salazar announces Arctic offshore drilling review; Coast Guard investigates Shell grounding". The Morning Call. The Associated Press. Retrieved 12 January 2013. [dead link]
^ Phil Radford and Benjamin Jealous (17 June 2013). "How Shell is trying to send a chill through activist groups across the country". Grist.org. Retrieved 5 October 2013. 
^ "Greenpeace protest at Shell Belgian F1 Grand Prix event – video" (Video upload). The Guardian. 27 August 2013. Retrieved 5 April 2014. 
^ "Shell abandons Alaska Arctic drilling". The Guardian. 28 September 2015. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Beekman, Daniel (14 May 2015). "More protests planned after giant oil rig muscles in". Seattle Times. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ "'Paddle in Seattle' Arctic oil drilling protest". BBC. 17 May 2015. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Vice (6 May 2015). "Shell Plans to Drill in the Arctic This Summer and It's Already Failed a Coast Guard Inspection". 
^ New York Times (12 May 2015). "Shell's Record Adds to the Anger of Those Opposing Arctic Drilling". 
^ "Oil pipeline near Tracy spills thousands of gallons of crude". Retrieved 17 June 2016. 
^ "Shell Oil Spill Dumps Thousands Of Barrels Of Crude Into Gulf Of Mexico". The Huffington Post. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Critics Question State Pipeline Oversight After 2 Altamont Oil Spills". KQUED. 10 October 2016. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 


Bibliography[edit]


"A Century in Oil" by Stephen Howarth [1997] ISBN 0-297-82247-0. A History of The "Shell" Transport and Trading Company.
"A History of Royal Dutch Shell" by Stephen Howarth and others [2007]. ISBN 978-0-19-929877-8
"Seven Sisters" by Anthony Sampson (1981) ISBN 978-0-553-23469-5
"Shell Shock: The secrets and spin of an Oil Giant" by Ian Cummins and John Beasant [2005]. ISBN 1-84018-941-X
Merrillees, Scott (2015). Jakarta: Portraits of a Capital 1950-1980. Jakarta: Equinox Publishing. ISBN 9786028397308. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Royal Dutch Shell.



Official website



Business data for Royal Dutch Shell plc:
Reuters
SEC filings



Royal Dutch Shell companies grouped at OpenCorporates
Works by Shell Union Oil Corporation at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about Royal Dutch Shell at Internet Archive
Works by Royal Dutch Shell at LibriVox (public domain audiobooks) 







v
t
e


Royal Dutch Shell



Divisions and
subsidiaries





Current




Asiatic Petroleum Company
Shell Australia
Shell Canada
Shell Chemicals
Shell Gas & Power
Ireland
Shell Nigeria
Shell Oil Company
Shell Pakistan






Former




Mexican Eagle Petroleum Company








Joint ventures





Current




Aera Energy
Albian Sands
Brunei LNG
Motiva Enterprises
Oman LNG
Pearl GTL
Sakhalin Energy






Former




Cellana
Shell-Mex and BP








Brands



Jiffy Lube
Pennzoil
Quaker State
Rain-X
Shell V-Power





People



M. King Hubbert
Fred Meissner
Gale Norton
Jorma Ollila
Rob Routs
Jeroen van der Veer
Peter Voser





Facilities and
places



Asiatic Petroleum Building
Brent Spar
Mars
Montreal East Refinery
proposed Pittsburgh ethane cracker plant
Rocky Mountain Arsenal
Scotford Upgrader
Shell Building
Shell Haven
Shell Mera
Shell Centre
Shell Centre (Calgary)
Shell Development Emeryville
Shell Mex House
One Shell Plaza
One Shell Square
Plaza Shell





Controversies



Corrib gas controversy
Movement for the Survival of the Ogoni People
Ken Saro-Wiwa
Wiwa v. Royal Dutch Shell Co.





Other



Answer Man
Club
Foundation
Guides
In Situ Conversion
Lennard's Carrying v Asiatic Petroleum
Novelty Service Station
Spectacular Sign
Turbo Chargers








 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


Petroleum industry






Petroleum
Primary energy









Benchmarks



Argus Sour
Bonny Light
Brent
Dubai
Indonesian
Isthmus-34 Light
Japan Cocktail
OPEC Reference Basket
Tapis
Urals
Western Canadian Select
West Texas Intermediate





Data




Natural gas



Consumption
Production
Reserves
Imports
Exports
Price





Petroleum



Consumption
Production
Reserves
Imports
Exports
Price (of gasoline and diesel)








Exploration



Core sampling
Geophysics
Integrated asset modelling
Petroleum engineering

Reservoir simulation
Seismic to simulation


Petroleum geology
Petrophysics
Reflection seismology (Seismic inversion)
Seismic source





Drilling



Blowout
Completion (Squeeze job)
Differential sticking
Directional drilling (Geosteering)
Drilling engineering
Drilling fluid (invasion)
Drill stem test
Lost circulation
Measurement
Tracers
Underbalanced drilling
Well logging





Production



Petroleum fiscal regime

Concessions
Production sharing agreements


Artificial lift

Pumpjack
Submersible pump (ESP)
Gas lift


Downstream
Enhanced oil recovery (EOR)

Steam injection
Gas reinjection


Midstream
Petroleum product
Pipeline transport
Refining
Upstream
Water injection
Well intervention
XT





History



1967 Oil Embargo
1973 oil crisis
1979 energy crisis
1980s oil glut
1990 oil price shock
2000s energy crisis
2010s oil glut
Founders
History of the petroleum industry
Nationalization
OPEC
GECF
Seven Sisters
Standard Oil
Oil market timelines





Provinces
and fields



List of natural gas fields
List of oil fields
East Midlands Oil Province
East Texas
Gulf of Mexico
Niger Delta
North Sea
Permian Basin
Persian Gulf
Prudhoe Bay Oil Field
Russia
Venezuela
Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin





Other topics



Acronyms
Oil shale gas
Peak oil

mitigation
timing


People
Petrocurrency
Petrodollar recycling
Shale gas
Swing producer
Unconventional oil

heavy crude
oil sands
oil shale















Companies and organisations








Major petroleum
companies





Supermajors



BP
Chevron
Eni
ExxonMobil
Royal Dutch Shell
Total






National oil
companies




ADNOC (UAE)
CNOOC (China)
CNPC (China)
Ecopetrol (Colombia)
Gazprom (Russia)
Iraq National Oil Company
Indian Oil Corporation
KazMunayGas (Kazakhstan)
Kuwait Petroleum Corporation
Lotos (Poland)
Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation
NIOC (Iran)
NISOC (Iran)
OGDCL (Pakistan)
ONGC (India)
PDVSA (Venezuela)
PKN Orlen (Poland)
Pemex (Mexico)
Pertamina (Indonesia)
PetroBangla (Bangladesh)
Petrobras (Brazil)
PetroChina
Petronas (Malaysia)
Petrovietnam
PTT (Thailand)
Qatar Petroleum
Rosneft (Russia)
Saudi Aramco (Saudi Arabia)
Sinopec (China)
SOCAR (Azerbaijan)
Sonangol (Angola)
Sonatrach (Algeria)
Statoil (Norway)
TPAO (Turkey)
YPF (Argentina)





Energy trading



Glencore
Gunvor
Mercuria
Naftiran Intertrade
Trafigura
Vitol





Other



Anadarko
Apache
BG Group
Cenovus Energy
Compañía Española de Petróleos
ConocoPhillips
Devon
Galp Energia
Hess
Husky Energy
Imperial Oil
Lukoil
Marathon Oil
Nippon Oil
Occidental
OMV
Port Harcourt Refining Company
Reliance Industries
Repsol
Suncor Energy
Surgutneftegas
TNK-BP
Tullow Oil
Tüpraş









Major services
companies




Amec Foster Wheeler
Baker Hughes
Cameron
CGG
CH2M Hill
Chicago Bridge & Iron Company
China Oilfield Services
Enbridge
Ensco
GE Oil & Gas
Halliburton
Nabors Industries
Naftiran Intertrade
National Oilwell Varco
Petrofac
Saipem
Schlumberger
Snam
Subsea 7
TransCanada
Transocean
Weatherford
Wood Group





Other



International Association of Oil & Gas Producers
International Energy Agency
International Petroleum Exchange
OPEC
Society of Petroleum Engineers
World Petroleum Council














Category
 Commons










Links to related articles











v
t
e


Energy in the United Kingdom








Companies







Coal



Anglo American
Asia Energy
BHP
ENRC
Glencore
Rio Tinto
UK Coal





Oil and gas




Integrated



BP
Royal Dutch Shell





Exploration and
production



Afren
BHP
Cairn Energy
Centrica
Dana Petroleum
Desire Petroleum
Emerald Energy
EnQuest
Essar Energy
Hardy Oil and Gas
JKX Oil & Gas
Melrose Resources
Ophir Energy
Perenco
Premier Oil
Regal Petroleum
Rockhopper Exploration
SOCO International
Star Energy
Tullow Oil





Supply



Greenergy
Murco Petroleum





Support



Abbot Group
AMEC
Ensco
Expro
Hunting
Petrofac
Qserv
Score Group
Weir Group
WesternGeco1
Wood Group








Utilities




Generation and
supply




Integrated



Centrica
EDF Energy1
E.ON UK1
RWE npower1
Scottish Power1
SSE





Generation



Drax Group
Falck Renewables
Horizon Nuclear Power1
International Power
Vattenfall United Kingdom1
Vedanta Resources





Supply



The Co-operative Energy
Ecotricity
ESB International
Extra Energy
Firmus Energy
First Utility
Good Energy
Green Energy
LoCO2 Energy
Opus Energy
Ovo Energy
Phoenix Natural Gas
Telecom Plus








Distribution




Electricity



Electricity North West1
Northern Powergrid1
SP Energy Networks1
SSE Power Distribution
UK Power Networks1
Western Power Distribution1





Gas



Firmus Energy
National Grid
Northern Gas Networks
Phoenix Natural Gas
SGN
Wales & West Utilities1








Transmission




Electricity



National Grid2
Scottish Hydro Electric Transmission
SP Energy Networks1





Gas



National Grid











Other



Aggreko
APX Group
Aquamarine Power
Ecogen
EnServe
Geothermal Engineering
Hi-Gen Power
Mark Group
Wavegen






Companies with headquarters and/or registered office in the UK but no applicable energy operations within the country shown in italics 1Ultimate parent company is not UK-based 2Integrated in the United States, no generation or supply activities in the UK














Energy sources







Coal



Coal Authority
Coal-fired power stations
Coal mines
Coal mining regions
Confederation of UK Coal Producers
Greenhouse gas emissions
History (Miners' strike
National Coal Board)
Open-pit coal mining





Electricity



Association of Electricity Producers
BritNed
East–West Interconnector
Energy switching services
Economy 7
Economy 10
Electricity billing
Green electricity
Grid Trade Master Agreement
HVDC Cross-Channel
HVDC Moyle
HVDC Norway–UK
Isle of Man to England Interconnector
National Grid

Control
Reserve Service


New Electricity Trading Arrangements
Power stations
Timeline of the electricity supply industry





Nuclear



Advanced gas-cooled reactor
Franco–British Nuclear Forum
Magnox
National Nuclear Laboratory
Nuclear Decommissioning Authority
Nuclear Liabilities Fund
Nuclear power stations
Office for Nuclear Regulation
Sellafield
United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority





Oil and gas



BBL Pipeline
Dash for Gas
Forties pipeline system
Fuel protests
Gas infrastructure
Greenhouse gas emissions
Hydrocarbon oil duty
Oil and Gas Authority
National Transmission System
Natural gas fields
Natural gas-fired power stations
North Sea oil
Oil & Gas UK
Oil fields
Oil-fired power stations
Oil infrastructure
Oil refineries
Petroleum revenue tax





Renewables




Biofuels



Biodiesel
Biofuel power stations
National Non-Food Crops Centre
Renewable Fuels Agency
Renewable Transport Fuel Obligation





Geothermal



Geothermal power stations





Hydroelectricity



Hydroelectric power stations
Severn Barrage
Wave farms





Solar power

 



Wind power



List of offshore wind farms
List of onshore wind farms
North Sea Offshore Grid
Wind power in Scotland



















Government and regulation







Organisations



Carbon Trust
Cenex
Committee on Climate Change
Department of Energy and Climate Change
Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs
Energy Saving Trust
Environment Agency
Office of Gas and Electricity Markets





Legislation and
initiatives



Carbon Emission Reduction Target
Climate Change Act 2008
Climate Change Agreement
Climate Change Levy
Climate Change and Sustainable Energy Act 2006
CRC Energy Efficiency Scheme
Display Energy Certificate
Energy Act 2013
Energy Performance Certificate
Fossil Fuel Levy
Low Carbon Building Programme
National Industrial Symbiosis Programme
Non-Fossil Fuel Obligation
Planning Act 2008
Renewable Heat Incentive
Renewables Obligation
United Kingdom Climate Change Programme
















Non-governmental organisations







Charities and
pressure groups



Ashden Award
BioRegional
Campaign against Climate Change
Centre for Alternative Technology
National Energy Action
Stop Climate Chaos
Tyndall Centre





Industry bodies



Combined Heat and Power Association
Energy Institute
Energy Networks Association
Energy Retail Association
Green Power Forum
RenewableUK
Utilities Intermediaries Association





Research



Centre for Renewable Energy Systems Technology
Energy Technologies Institute
Hadley Centre for Climate Prediction and Research
NaREC
Oil Depletion Analysis Centre
Sunbury Research Centre
UK Energy Research Centre
















Energy conservation






Association for the Conservation of Energy
British Energy Efficiency Federation
Close the Door campaign
Code for Sustainable Homes
Double Glazing & Conservatory Ombudsman Scheme
EcoHomes
Energy efficiency in British housing
Energy Saving Trust (Energy Saving Trust Recommended)
Greenhouse gas emissions
HTB
National Home Energy Rating











 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


 AEX companies of the Netherlands






Aalberts
ABN AMRO
Aegon
Ahold Delhaize
Akzo Nobel
Altice
ArcelorMittal
ASML
Boskalis
DSM
Galapagos
Gemalto
Heineken
ING
KPN
NN Group
Philips
Randstad
RELX
Royal Dutch Shell
SBM Offshore
Unibail-Rodamco
Unilever
Vopak
Wolters Kluwer












v
t
e


 FTSE 100 companies of the United Kingdom   → FTSE 250







3i
Admiral Group
Anglo American
Antofagasta
Ashtead Group
Associated British Foods
AstraZeneca
Aviva
BAE Systems
BHP
BP
Babcock International
Barclays
Barratt Developments
British American Tobacco
British Land
BT Group
Bunzl
Burberry
Carnival
Centrica
Coca-Cola HBC
Compass Group
ConvaTec
CRH
Croda International
DCC
Diageo
Direct Line Group
easyJet
Experian
Fresnillo
G4S
GKN
GlaxoSmithKline
Glencore
Hammerson
Hargreaves Lansdown
HSBC
Imperial Brands
Informa
InterContinental Hotels Group
International Airlines Group
Intertek
ITV
Johnson Matthey
Kingfisher
Land Securities Group
Legal & General
Lloyds Banking Group
London Stock Exchange Group
Marks & Spencer
Mediclinic International
Merlin Entertainments
Micro Focus International
Mondi
Morrisons
National Grid
Next
Old Mutual
Paddy Power Betfair
Pearson
Persimmon
Provident
Prudential
Randgold Resources
Royal Bank of Scotland
Reckitt Benckiser
RELX Group
Rentokil Initial
Rio Tinto Group
Rolls-Royce
Royal Dutch Shell
Royal Mail
RSA Insurance Group
Sage Group
J Sainsbury
Schroders
Scottish Mortgage Investment Trust
Segro
Severn Trent
Shire
Sky
Smith & Nephew
Smiths Group
Smurfit Kappa
SSE
Standard Chartered
Standard Life
St. James's Place
Taylor Wimpey
Tesco
TUI
Unilever
United Utilities
Vodafone
Whitbread
Wolseley
Worldpay
WPP
















 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Royal_Dutch_Shell&oldid=789456582"					
Categories: Royal Dutch ShellMultinational oil companiesOil companies of the NetherlandsOil and gas companies of the United KingdomAutomotive fuel brandsChemical companies of the NetherlandsChemical companies of the United KingdomCompanies based in LondonCompanies based in The HagueMultinational companies headquartered in the NetherlandsOrganisations based in the Netherlands with royal patronageMultinational companies based in the City of LondonNon-renewable resource companies established in 19071907 establishments in the Netherlands1907 establishments in the United KingdomCompanies listed on the London Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeEnergy companies established in 1907British companies established in 1907Companies formerly listed on the Amsterdam Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the Euronext AmsterdamDutch brandsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from February 2014Articles with dead external links from June 2014Use British English from May 2012Use dmy dates from May 2017IMO NumberOpenCorporates groupingsArticles with Project Gutenberg linksArticles with Internet Archive linksArticles with LibriVox links 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansAlemannischالعربيةবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGaeilge客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаLatinaLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPapiamentuPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng ViệtWinaray粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 7 July 2017, at 13:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Royal Dutch Shell - Wikipedia






















 






Royal Dutch Shell

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Royal Dutch Shell plc)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Shell Company" redirects here. It is not to be confused with Shell corporation.

Royal Dutch Shell plc





Headquarters in The Hague, Netherlands




Type

Public limited company


Traded as
LSE: RDSA, RDSB
Euronext: RDSA, RDSB
NYSE: RDS.A, RDS.B
FTSE 100 Component


ISIN
GB00B03MLX29


Industry
Oil and gas


Predecessor
Royal Dutch Petroleum Co. (1890)
The Shell Transport and Trading Company Limited (1897)


Founded
February 1907; 110 years ago (1907-02)


Headquarters
The Hague, Netherlands
(Headquarters)
Shell Centre, London, England
(Registered office)



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Charles O. Holliday (Chairman)
Ben van Beurden (CEO)


Products
Petroleum, natural gas, and other petrochemicals


Revenue
 US$233.6 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$2.36 billion (2016)[1]


Profit
 US$4.57 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$411.2 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$186.6 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

93,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
Shell Australia
Shell South Africa
Shell Canada
Shell Chemicals
Shell Gas & Power
Shell Hong Kong
Shell Nigeria
Shell Oil Company
Shell Pakistan


Website
www.shell.com


Royal Dutch Shell plc (LSE: RDSA, RDSB), commonly known as Shell, is a British–Dutch multinational oil and gas company headquartered in the Netherlands and incorporated in the United Kingdom.[2] It is one of the six oil and gas "supermajors" and the sixth-largest company in the world measured by 2016 revenues (and the largest based in Europe).[1] Shell was first in the 2013 Fortune Global 500 list of the world's largest companies;[3] in that year its revenues were equivalent to 84% of the Netherlands' $556 billion GDP.[4]
Shell is vertically integrated and is active in every area of the oil and gas industry, including exploration and production, refining, distribution and marketing, petrochemicals, power generation and trading. It also has renewable energy activities in the form of biofuels[5] and wind.[6] Shell has operations in over 70 countries, produces around 3.7 million barrels of oil equivalent per day and has 44,000 service stations worldwide.[7][8] As of 31 December 2014, Shell had total proved reserves of 13.7 billion barrels (2.18×109 m3) of oil equivalent.[8][note 1] Shell Oil Company, its principal subsidiary in the United States, is one of its largest businesses.[9] Shell holds 50% of Raízen, a joint venture with Cosan, which is the third-largest Brazil-based energy company by revenues and a major producer of ethanol.[10]
Shell was formed in 1907 through the amalgamation of the Royal Dutch Petroleum Company of the Netherlands and the "Shell" Transport and Trading Company of the United Kingdom. Until its unification in 2005 the firm operated as a dual-listed company, whereby the British and Dutch companies maintained their legal existence but operated as a single-unit partnership for business purposes. Shell first entered the chemicals industry in 1929. In 1970 Shell acquired the mining company Billiton, which it subsequently sold in 1994 and now forms part of BHP Billiton. In recent decades gas exploration and production has become an increasingly important part of Shell's business.[11] Shell acquired BG Group in 2016, making it the world's largest producer of liquefied natural gas (LNG).[11]
Shell has a primary listing on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index. It had a market capitalisation of £185 billion at the close of trading on 30 December 2016, by far the largest of any company listed on the London Stock Exchange and among the highest of any company in the world.[12][13] It has secondary listings on Euronext Amsterdam and the New York Stock Exchange. As of January 2013, Shell's largest shareholder was Capital Research Global Investors with 9.85% ahead of BlackRock in second with 6.89%.[14] Shell's logo, known as the "pecten", is one of the most familiar commercial symbols in the world.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins
1.2 20th century
1.3 21st century
1.4 Environmental record
1.5 Climate change


2 Corporate affairs

2.1 Management
2.2 Name and logo

2.2.1 Logo evolution




3 Operations

3.1 Business groupings
3.2 Oil and gas activities
3.3 Sponsorships


4 Africa
5 Asia

5.1 Hong Kong
5.2 Malaysia
5.3 Philippines
5.4 Singapore


6 Europe

6.1 Ireland
6.2 Nordic countries
6.3 United Kingdom


7 North America
8 Australia
9 Alternative energy
10 Current projects

10.1 Arctic


11 Controversies

11.1 2004 overstatement of oil reserves
11.2 Corporate communications
11.3 Health and safety
11.4 Human rights
11.5 Arctic project

11.5.1 Kodiak
11.5.2 Polar Pioneer
11.5.3 Oil spills




12 See also
13 Notes
14 References
15 Bibliography
16 External links



History[edit]
Origins[edit]




Royal Dutch Petroleum dock in the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia)






The oil well at Pangkalan Brandan, North Sumatra is considered to be the origin of the Royal Dutch Shell.


The Royal Dutch Shell Group was created in February 1907 through the amalgamation of two rival companies: the Royal Dutch Petroleum Company of the Netherlands and the Shell Transport and Trading Company Limited of the United Kingdom.[15] It was a move largely driven by the need to compete globally with Standard Oil.[16] The Royal Dutch Petroleum Company was a Dutch company founded in 1890 to develop an oilfield in Pangkalan Brandan, North Sumatra,[17] and initially led by August Kessler, Hugo Loudon, and Henri Deterding. The "Shell" Transport and Trading Company (the quotation marks were part of the legal name) was a British company, founded in 1897 by Marcus Samuel, 1st Viscount Bearsted, and his brother Samuel Samuel.[18] Their father had owned an antique company in Houndsditch, London,[19] which expanded in 1833 to import and sell sea-shells, after which the company "Shell" took its name.[15][20]
For various reasons, the new firm operated as a dual-listed company, whereby the merging companies maintained their legal existence, but operated as a single-unit partnership for business purposes. The terms of the merger gave 60 percent ownership of the new group to the Dutch arm and 40 percent to the British.[21]
National patriotic sensibilities would not permit a full-scale merger or takeover of either of the two companies.[21] The Dutch company, Koninklijke Nederlandsche Petroleum Maatschappij at The Hague, was in charge of production and manufacture.[22] The British Anglo-Saxon Petroleum Company was based in London, to direct the transport and storage of the products.[22]
20th century[edit]




Shell benzine for Sir Ernest Henry Shackleton, Antarctic Expedition 1915.


During the First World War, Shell was the main supplier of fuel to the British Expeditionary Force.[23] It was also the sole supplier of aviation fuel and supplied 80 percent of the British Army's TNT.[23] It also volunteered all of its shipping to the British Admiralty.[23]
The German invasion of Romania in 1916 saw 17% of the group's worldwide production destroyed.[23]
In 1919, Shell took control of the Mexican Eagle Petroleum Company and in 1921 formed Shell-Mex Limited which marketed products under the "Shell" and "Eagle" brands in the United Kingdom. In 1929, Shell Chemicals was founded.[23] By the end of the 1920s, Shell was the world's leading oil company, producing 11 percent of the world's crude oil supply and owning 10 percent of its tanker tonnage.[23]
Shell Mex House was completed in 1931, and was the head office for Shell's marketing activity worldwide.[23] In 1932, partly in response to the difficult economic conditions of the times, Shell-Mex merged its UK marketing operations with those of British Petroleum to create Shell-Mex and BP,[24] a company that traded until the brands separated in 1975. Royal Dutch Company ranked 79th among United States corporations in the value of World War II military production contracts.[25]
The 1930s saw Shell's Mexican assets seized by the local government.[23] After the invasion of the Netherlands by Germany in 1940, the head office of the Dutch companies was moved to Curacao.[23] In 1945 Shell's Danish headquarters in Copenhagen, at the time being used by the Gestapo, was bombed by Royal Air Force Mosquitoes in Operation Carthage.[26]
Around 1952, Shell was the first company to purchase and use a computer in the Netherlands.[27] The computer, a Ferranti Mark 1*, was assembled and used at the Shell laboratory in Amsterdam. In 1970 Shell acquired the mining company Billiton, which it subsequently sold in 1994 and now forms part of BHP Billiton.[28]
21st century[edit]
In November 2004, following a period of turmoil caused by the revelation that Shell had been overstating its oil reserves, it was announced that the Shell Group would move to a single capital structure, creating a new parent company to be named Royal Dutch Shell plc, with its primary listing on the London Stock Exchange, a secondary listing on the Amsterdam Stock Exchange, its headquarters and tax residency in The Hague, Netherlands and its registered office in London. The unification was completed on 20 July 2005 and the original owners delisted their companies from the respective exchanges. On 20 July 2005, the Shell Transport & Trading Company plc was delisted from the LSE,[29] where as, Royal Dutch Petroleum Company from NYSE on 18 November 2005.[30] The shares of the company were issued at a 60/40 advantage for the shareholders of Royal Dutch in line with the original ownership of the Shell Group.[31]
During the 2009 Iraqi oil services contracts tender, a consortium led by Shell (45%) and which included Petronas (30%) was awarded a production contract for the "Majnoon field" in the south of Iraq, which contains an estimated 12.6 billion barrels (2.00×109 m3) of oil.[32][33] The "West Qurna 1 field" production contract was awarded to a consortium led by ExxonMobil (60%) and included Shell (15%).[34]
In February 2010 Shell and Cosan formed a 50:50 joint-venture, Raízen, comprising all of Cosan's Brazilian ethanol, energy generation, fuel distribution and sugar activities, and all of Shell's Brazilian retail fuel and aviation distribution businesses.[35] In March 2010, Shell announced the sale of some of its assets, including its liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) business, to meet the cost of a planned $28bn capital spending programme. Shell invited buyers to submit indicative bids, due by 22 March, with a plan to raise $2–3bn from the sale.[36] In June 2010, Royal Dutch Shell agreed to acquire all the business of East Resources for a cash consideration of $4.7 billion. The transaction included East Resources' tight gas fields.[37]
Over the course of 2013, the corporation began the sale of its US shale gas assets and cancelled a US$20 billion gas project that was to be constructed in the US state of Louisiana. A new CEO Ben van Beurden was appointed in January 2014, prior to the announcement that the corporation's overall performance in 2013 was 38 per cent lower than 2012—the value of Shell's shares fell by 3 per cent as a result.[38] Following the sale of the majority of its Australian assets in February 2014, the corporation plans to sell a further US$15 billion worth of assets in the period leading up to 2015, with deals announced in Australia, Brazil and Italy.[39]
Royal Dutch Shell announced on 8 April 2015 it had agreed to buy BG Group for £47 billion (US$70 billion), subject to shareholder and regulatory approval.[40] The acquisition was completed in February 2016, resulting in Shell surpassing Chevron Corporation and becoming the world's second largest non-state oil company.[41]
On 7 June 2016, Royal Dutch Shell announced that it would build an ethane cracker plant near Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania after spending several years doing environmental cleanup of the proposed plant's site.[42]
In January 2017, Royal Dutch Shell agreed to sell £2.46bn worth of North Sea assets to oil exploration firm Chrysaor.[43] In 2017, Shell sold its oil sands assets to Canadian Natural Resources in exchange of approximately 8.8% stake in that company. In May 2017, it was reported that Shell plans to sell its shares in Canadian Natural Resources fully exiting the oil sands business.[44]
Environmental record[edit]
The presence of companies like Shell in the Niger-Delta has led to extreme environmental issues in the Niger Delta. Many pipelines in the Niger-Delta owned by Shell are old and corroded. Shell has acknowledged its responsibility for keeping the pipelines new but has also denied responsibility for environmental causes.[45] This has led to mass protests from the Niger-Delta inhabitants, Amnesty International, and Friends of the Earth Netherlands against Shell. It has also led to action plans to boycott Shell by environmental groups, and human rights groups.[46] In January 2013, a Dutch court rejected four out of five allegations brought against the firm over oil pollution in the Niger Delta but found a subsidiary guilty of one case of pollution, ordering compensation to be paid to a Nigerian farmer.[47]
On 15 January 1999, off the Argentinian town of Magdalena, Buenos Aires, the Shell tanker Estrella Pampeana collided with a German freighter, emptying its contents into the lake, polluting the environment, drinkable water, plants and animals. Over a decade after the spill, a referendum held in Magdalena determined the acceptance of a US$9.5 million compensatory payout from Shell.[48] Shell denied responsibility for the spill, but an Argentine court ruled in 2002 that the corporation was responsible.[49]
Shell joined the Global Climate Coalition of businesses opposed to greenhouse gas emission regulation. In 1989, Shell redesigned a $3-billion North Sea natural gas platform in the North Sea, raising its height one to two meters, to accommodate an anticipated sea level rise due to global warming.[50] In 2013, Royal Dutch Shell PLC reported CO2 emissions of 81 million metric tonnes.[51]
Shell is known to be processing oil from the Amazon region of South America, a large concern for environmentalists trying to protect the area. In the United States, the Martinez refinery (CA) and the Puget Sound Refinery (WA) carry Amazonian oil. In 2015, 14% of the Martinez refinery's gross, at 19,570 barrels per day, came from the Amazon. [52]
Climate change[edit]
In 2017, a public information film unseen for years resurfaced and showed Shell had clear grasp of global warming 26 years earlier but has not acted accordingly since, said critics. [53][54][55]
Corporate affairs[edit]
Management[edit]
On 4 August 2005, the board of directors announced the appointment of Jorma Ollila, chairman and CEO of Nokia at the time, to succeed Aad Jacobs as the company's non-executive chairman on 1 June 2006. Ollila is the first Shell chairman to be neither Dutch nor British. Other non-executive directors include Maarten van den Bergh, Wim Kok, Nina Henderson, Lord Kerr, Adelbert van Roxe, and Christine Morin-Postel.[56]
Since 3 January 2014, Ben van Beurden is CEO of Shell.[38] His Predecessor was Peter Voser who became CEO of Shell on 1 July 2009.[57]
Following a career at the corporation, in locations such as Australia and Africa, Ann Pickard was appointed as the executive vice president of the Arctic at Royal Dutch Shell, a role that was publicized in an interview with McKinsey & Company in June 2014.[58]
Name and logo[edit]
The name Shell is linked to The "Shell" Transport and Trading Company.[59] In 1833, the founder's father, Marcus Samuel Sr., founded an import business to sell seashells to London collectors. When collecting seashell specimens in the Caspian Sea area in 1892, the younger Samuel realised there was potential in exporting lamp oil from the region and commissioned the world's first purpose-built oil tanker, the Murex (Latin for a type of snail shell), to enter this market; by 1907 the company had a fleet. Although for several decades the company had a refinery at Shell Haven on the Thames, there is no evidence of this having provided the name.[60]
The Shell logo is one of the most familiar commercial symbols in the world. This logo is known as the "pecten" after the sea shell Pecten maximus (the giant scallop), on which its design is based. The yellow and red colours used are thought[61] to relate to the colours of the flag of Spain, as Shell built early service stations in California, previously a Spanish colony. The current revision of the logo was designed by Raymond Loewy in 1971.[62]
The slash was removed from the name "Royal Dutch/Shell" in 2005, concurrent with moves to merge the two legally separate companies (Royal Dutch and Shell) to the single legal entity which exists today.[63]
Logo evolution[edit]







1900









1904









1909









1930




Operations[edit]
Business groupings[edit]




Upstream activities currently generate around two-thirds of Shell's revenues


Shell is currently organised into four major business groupings:[64]

Upstream – manages the upstream business. It searches for and recovers crude oil and natural gas and operates the upstream and midstream infrastructure necessary to deliver oil and gas to the market. Its activities are organised primarily within geographic units, although there are some activities that are managed across the business or provided through support units.
Integrated Gas and New Energies – manages liquefying natural gas, converting gas to liquids and low-carbon opportunities.
Downstream – manages Shell's manufacturing, distribution and marketing activities for oil products and chemicals. Manufacturing and supply includes refinery, supply and shipping of crude oil.
Projects and technology – manages the delivery of Shell's major projects, provides technical services and technology capability covering both upstream and downstream activities. It is also responsible for providing functional leadership across Shell in the areas of health, safety and environment, and contracting and procurement.

Oil and gas activities[edit]




Former Shell oil depot in Kowloon, Hong Kong around the mid-1980s


Shell's primary business is the management of a vertically integrated oil company. The development of technical and commercial expertise in all stages of this vertical integration, from the initial search for oil (exploration) through its harvesting (production), transportation, refining and finally trading and marketing established the core competencies on which the company was founded. Similar competencies were required for natural gas, which has become one of the most important businesses in which Shell is involved, and which contributes a significant proportion of the company's profits. While the vertically integrated business model provided significant economies of scale and barriers to entry, each business now seeks to be a self-supporting unit without subsidies from other parts of the company.[65]
Traditionally, Shell was a heavily decentralised business worldwide (especially in the downstream) with companies in over 100 countries, each of which operated with a high degree of independence. The upstream tended to be far more centralised with much of the technical and financial direction coming from the central offices in The Hague. The upstream oil sector is also commonly known as the "exploration and production" sector.[66]
Downstream operations, which now also includes the chemicals business, generates a third of Shell's profits worldwide and is known for its global network of more than 40,000 petrol stations and its various oil refineries. The downstream business, which in some countries also included oil refining, generally included a retail petrol station network, lubricants manufacture and marketing, industrial fuel and lubricants sales and a host of other product/market sectors such as LPG and bitumen. The practice in Shell was that these businesses were essentially local and that they were best managed by local "operating companies" – often with middle and senior management reinforced by expatriates.[67]
Sponsorships[edit]
Shell has a long history of motorsport sponsorship, most notably Scuderia Ferrari (1951-1964, 1966-1973 and 1996-present), BRM (1962-1966 and 1968-1972), Scuderia Toro Rosso (2007-2013 and 2016), McLaren (1967-1968 and 1984-1994), Lotus (1968-1971), Team Penske (2011–present), Hyundai Motorsport (since 2005), AF Corse, Risi Competizione, BMW Motorsport and Dick Johnson Racing (1987-2004). It will again become title sponsor for the latter (now rebranded as DJR Team Penske) in 2017.[68]
Africa[edit]
Shell began drilling for oil in Africa during the 1950s. Shell began production in Nigeria in 1958.[69] Shell operates in the upstream oil sector in Algeria, Cameroon, Egypt, Gabon where is the giant Rabi-Kounga oil field, Ghana, Libya, Morocco, Nigeria, South Africa and Tunisia; and in the downstream sector in 16 other countries.[70]
In Nigeria, Shell told US diplomats that it had placed staff in all the main ministries of the government.[71]
In April 2010, Shell announced its intention to divest from downstream business of all African countries except South Africa and Egypt to Vitol and "Helios".[72] In several countries such as Tunisia, protests and strikes broke out. Shell denied rumours of the sellout.[73] Shell continues however upstream activities/extracting crude oil in the oil-rich Niger Delta as well as downstream/commercial activities in South Africa. In June 2013, the company announced a strategic review of its operations in Nigeria, hinting that assets could be divested. In August 2014, the company disclosed it was in the process of finalizing the sale of its interests in four Nigerian oil fields.[74]
Asia[edit]




A Shell gasoline station in Sabah, Malaysia


Hong Kong[edit]
Shell has been active in Hong Kong for a century, providing Retail, LPG, Commercial Fuel, Lubricants, Bitumen, Aviation, Marine and Chemicals services and products. Shell also sponsored the first Hong Kong-built aircraft, Inspiration', for its around-the-world trip.[75]
Malaysia[edit]
Shell discovered the first oil well in Malaysia in 1910, in Miri, Sarawak. Today the oil well is a state monument known as the Grand Old Lady. In 1914, following this discovery, Shell built Malaysia's first oil refinery and laid a submarine pipeline in Miri.[76][77]
Philippines[edit]




Shell oil depot (Poro Point, San Fernando, La Union, Philippines).


Royal Dutch Shell operates in the Philippines under its subsidiary, Pilipinas Shell Petroleum Corporation. Its headquarters is in Makati City and it has facilities in the Pandacan oil depot and other key locations.[78]
On January 2010, the Bureau of Customs claimed 7.34 billion pesos worth of unpaid excise taxes against Pilipinas Shell for importing Catalytic cracked gasoline (CCG) and light catalytic cracked gasoline (LCCG) stating that those imports are bound for tariff charges.[79]
In August 2016, Pilipinas Shell filed an application to sell US$629 million worth of primary and secondary shares to the investing public (registration statement) with the SEC. This was a prelude to filing its IPO listing application with the Philippine Stock Exchange. On 3 November 2016 the Pilipinas Shell Petroleum Corporation was officially listed on the Philippine Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol SHLPH after they held its Initial Public Offering on 19 to 25 October of the same year.[80]
Singapore[edit]
Shell has a strong presence in Singapore, indeed Singapore is the main centre for Shell's petrochemical operations in Asia Pacific region. Shell Eastern Petroleum limited (SEPL) have their refinery located in Singapore's Pulau Bukom island. They also operate as Shell Chemicals Seraya in Jurong Island.[81]
Europe[edit]
Ireland[edit]
Shell first started trading in Ireland in 1902.[82] Shell E&P Ireland (SEPIL) (previously Enterprise Energy Ireland) is an Irish exploration and production subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell. Its headquarters are on Leeson Street in Dublin. It was acquired in May 2002.[83] Its main project is the Corrib gas project, a large gas field off the northwest coast, for which Shell has encountered controversy and protests in relation to the onshore pipeline and licence terms.[84]
In 2005 Shell disposed of its entire retail and commercial fuels business in Ireland to Topaz Energy Group. This included depots, company-owned petrol stations and supply agreements stations throughout the island of Ireland.[85] The retail outlets were re-branded as Topaz in 2008/9.[86]
Nordic countries[edit]
On 27 August 2007, Royal Dutch Shell and Reitan Group, the owner of the 7-Eleven brand in Scandinavia, announced an agreement to re-brand some 269 service stations across Norway, Sweden, Finland and Denmark, subject to obtaining regulatory approvals under the different competition laws in each country.[87] On April 2010 Shell announced that the corporation is in process of trying to find a potential buyer for all of its operations in Finland and is doing similar market research concerning Swedish operations.[88][89] On October 2010 Shell's gas stations and the heavy vehicle fuel supply networks in Finland and Sweden, along with a refinery located in Gothenburg, Sweden were sold to St1, a Finnish energy company, more precisely to its major shareholding parent company Keele Oy.[90]
United Kingdom[edit]
In the UK sector of the North Sea Shell employs around 4,500 staff in Scotland as well as an additional 1,000 service contractors: however in August 2014 it announced it was laying off 250 of them, mainly in Aberdeen.[91]
North America[edit]
Main articles: Shell Oil Company and Shell Canada




Service station near Lost Hills, California






Shell gas station sign in Phoenix, Arizona






Shell gas station in Canada


Through most of Shell's early history, the Shell Oil Company business in the United States was substantially independent with its stock being traded on the NYSE and with little direct involvement from the group's central offices in the running of the American business. However, in 1984, Royal Dutch Shell made a bid to purchase those shares of Shell Oil Company it did not own (around 30%) and despite opposition from some minority shareholders, which led to a court case, Shell completed the buyout for a sum of $5.7 billion.[92]
Australia[edit]
On 20 May 2011, Royal Dutch Shell's final investment decision for the world's first floating liquefied natural gas (FLNG) facility was finalized following the discovery of the remote offshore Prelude field—located off Australia's northwestern coast and estimated to contain about 3 trillion cubic feet of natural gas equivalent reserves—in 2007. FLNG technology is based on liquefied natural gas (LNG) developments that were pioneered in the mid-20th century and facilitates the exploitation of untapped natural gas reserves located in remote areas, often too small to extract any other way.[93][94]
The floating vessel to be used for the Prelude field, known as Prelude FLNG, is promoted as the longest floating structure in the world and will take in the equivalent of 110,000 barrels of oil per day in natural gas—at a location 200 km (125 miles) off the coast of Western Australia—and cool it into liquefied natural gas for transport and sale in Asia. The Prelude is expected to start producing LNG in 2017[95]—analysts estimated the total cost of construction at more than US$12 billion.[93][94][96]
Following the decision by the Royal Dutch Shell fuel corporation to close its Geelong, Australia refinery in April 2013, a third consecutive annual loss was recorded for Shell's Australian refining and fuel marketing assets. Revealed in June 2013, the writedown is worth A$203 million, and was preceded by a A$638m writedown in 2012 and a A$407m writedown in 2011, after the closure of the Clyde refinery in Sydney, Australia.[97]
In February 2014, Shell sold its Australian refinery and petrol stations for US$2.6 billion (A$2.9 billion) to Vitol, a Geneva-based company.[98] Vitol stated that the Geelong refinery will remain open, as the company plans to expand further into the Australian market. At the time of the sale, Royal Dutch Shell was expected to continue investment into the Australian market, with projects that involve Chevron Corp., Woodside Petroleum and Prelude.[39]
Shell sold 9.5% of its 23.1% stake in Woodside Petroleum in June 2014 and advised that it had reached an agreement for Woodside to buy back 9.5% of its shares at a later stage. Shell became a major shareholder in Woodside after a 2001 takeover attempt was blocked by then federal Treasurer Peter Costello and the corporation has been open about its intention to sell its stake in Woodside as part of its target to shed assets. At a general body meeting, held on 1 August 2014, 72 percent of shareholders voted to approve the buy-back, short of the 75 percent vote that was required for approval. A statement from Shell read: "Royal Dutch Shell acknowledges the outcome of Woodside Petroleum Limited's shareholders' negative vote on the selective buy-back proposal. Shell is reviewing its options in relation to its remaining 13.6 percent holding."[99]
Alternative energy[edit]
In the early 2000s Shell moved into alternative energy and there is now an embryonic "Renewables" business that has made investments in solar power, wind power, hydrogen, and forestry. The forestry business went the way of nuclear, coal, metals and electricity generation, and was disposed of in 2003. In 2006 Shell paid SolarWorld to take over its entire solar business[100] and in 2008, the company withdrew from the London Array which has become the world's largest offshore wind farm.[101]
Shell also is involved in large-scale hydrogen projects. HydrogenForecast.com describes Shell's approach thus far as consisting of "baby steps", but with an underlying message of "extreme optimism".[102]
Shell holds 50% of Raízen, a joint venture with Brazilian sugarcane producer Cosan which is the third-largest Brazil-based energy company by revenues and a major producer of ethanol.[10]
In December 2016, Shell won the auction for the 700 MW Borssele III & IV offshore wind farms at a price of 5.45 c/kWh, beating 6 other consortia.[103]
Current projects[edit]
Arctic[edit]
Following the purchase of an offshore lease in 2005, Shell initiated its US$4.5 billion Arctic drilling program in 2006, after the corporation purchased the "Kulluk" oil rig and leased the Noble Discoverer drillship.[104][105] At inception, the project was led by Pete Slaiby, a Shell executive who had previously worked in the North Sea.[106] However, after the purchase of a second offshore lease in 2008, Shell only commenced drilling work in 2012, due to the refurbishment of rigs, permit delays from the relevant authorities and lawsuits.[107][108][109] The plans to drill in the Arctic led to protests from environmental groups, particularly Greenpeace; furthermore, analysts in the energy field, as well as related industries, also expressed skepticism due to perceptions that drilling in the region is "too dangerous because of harsh conditions and remote locations".[109][110]
Further problems hampered the Arctic project after the commencement of drilling in 2012, as Shell dealt with a series of issues that involved air permits, Coast Guard certification of a marine vessel and severe damage to essential oil-spill equipment. Additionally, difficult weather conditions resulted in the delay of drilling during mid-2012 and the already dire situation was exacerbated by the "Kulluk" incident at the end of the year. Royal Dutch Shell had invested nearly US$5 billion by this stage of the project.[106][109]
As the Kulluk oil rig was being towed to the American state of Washington to be serviced in preparation for the 2013 drilling season, a winter storm on 27 December 2012 caused the towing crews, as well as the rescue service, to lose control of the situation. As of 1 January 2013, the Kulluk was grounded off the coast Sitkalidak Island, near the eastern end of Kodiak Island. Following the accident, a Fortune magazine contacted Larry McKinney, the executive director at the Harte Research Institute for Gulf of Mexico Studies at Texas A&M, and he explained that "A two-month delay in the Arctic is not a two-month delay ... A two-month delay could wipe out the entire drilling season."[106]
It was unclear if Shell would recommence drilling in mid-2013, following the "Kulluk" incident and, in February 2013, the corporation stated that it would "pause" its closely watched drilling project off the Alaskan coast in 2013, and will instead prepare for future exploration.[111] In January 2014, the corporation announced the extension of the suspension of its drilling program in the Arctic, with chief executive van Beurden explaining that the project is "under review" due to both market and internal issues.[112]
A June 2014 interview with Pickard indicated that, following a forensic analysis of the problems encountered in 2012, Royal Dutch Shell will continue with the project and Pickard stated that she perceives the future of the corporation activity in the Arctic region as a long-term "marathon".[58] Pickard stated that the forensic "look back" revealed "there was an on/off switch" and further explained:

In other words, don't spend the money unless you're sure you're going to have the legal environment to go forward. Don't spend the money unless you're sure you're going to have the permit. No, I can't tell you that I'm going to have that permit until June, but we need to plan like we're going to have that permit in June. And so probably the biggest lesson is to make sure we could smooth out the on/off switches wherever we could and take control of our own destiny.[58]

Based upon the interview with Pickard, Shell is approaching the project as an investment that will reap energy resources with a lifespan of around 30 years.[58]
Controversies[edit]




Former Shell Research and Technology Centre, Amsterdam


Shell has been criticised for its businesses in Africa, notably in relation to protests of the Ogoni in 1995.[113]
In the 1990s, protesters criticised the company's environmental record, particularly the possible pollution caused by the proposed disposal of the Brent Spar platform into the North Sea. Despite support from the UK government, Shell reversed the decision under public pressure but maintained that sinking the platform would have been environmentally better.[114] Shell subsequently published an unequivocal commitment to sustainable development, supported by executive speeches reinforcing this commitment.[115]
2004 overstatement of oil reserves[edit]
In 2004 Shell overstated its oil reserves, resulting in loss of confidence in the group, a £17 million fine by the Financial Services Authority and the departure of the chairman Philip Watts. A lawsuit resulted in the payment of $450 million to non-American shareholders in 2007.[116][117][118]
Corporate communications[edit]




Shell Centre building in London, UK


Shell's advertising regarding its renewable energy business has been described as a greenwash by some environmental lobbies,[119] leading to criticism from the British Advertising Standards Authority which ruled that Shell had misled the public in an advertisement when it claimed that a $10 billion oil sands project in Alberta, Canada was a "sustainable energy source".[120]
Health and safety[edit]
A number of incidents over the years led to criticism of Shell's health and safety record, including repeated warnings by the UK Health and Safety Executive about the poor state of the company's North Sea platforms.[121]
Human rights[edit]
In the beginning of 1996, several human rights groups brought cases to hold Shell accountable for alleged human rights violations in Nigeria, including summary execution, crimes against humanity, torture, inhumane treatment and arbitrary arrest and detention. In particular, Shell stood accused of collaborating in the execution of Ken Saro-Wiwa and eight other leaders of the Ogoni tribe of southern Nigeria, who were hanged in 1995 by Nigeria's then military rulers.[122] The lawsuits were brought against Royal Dutch Shell and Brian Anderson, the head of its Nigerian operation.[123] In 2009, Shell agreed to pay $15.5m in a legal settlement.[122] Shell has not accepted any liability over the allegations against it.[124]
In 2009, Shell was the subject of an Amnesty International report into the deterioration of human rights as a consequence of Shell's activities in the Niger Delta. In particular, Amnesty criticised the continuation of gas flaring and Shell's slow response to oil spills.[125] In 1998, on its first public report on community and environmental issues in Nigeria, Shell promised "to end the practice of gas flaring in ten years, while pledging to establish a youth training scheme in Ogoniland".[126]
In 2010, a leaked cable revealed that Shell claims to have inserted staff into all the main ministries of the Nigerian government and know "everything that was being done in those ministries", according to Shell's top executive in Nigeria. The same executive also boasted that the Nigerian government had forgotten about the extent of Shell's infiltration.[71] Documents released in 2009 (but not used in the court case) reveal that Shell regularly made payments to the Nigerian military in order to prevent protests.[127]
Arctic project[edit]
According to the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management report in 2015 the chances of a major spill in a deep-sea Arctic drilling is 75% before century's end.[128]
Kodiak[edit]
In 2010 Greenpeace activists painted "No Arctic Drilling" with spilled BP oil on the side of a ship in the Gulf of Mexico that was en route to explore for Arctic oil for Shell. At the protest, Phil Radford of Greenpeace called for "President Obama [to] ban all offshore oil drilling and call for an end to the use of oil in our cars by 2030."[110]
On 16 March 2012, 52 Greenpeace activists from five different countries boarded Fennica and Nordica, multipurpose icebreakers chartered to support Shell's drilling rigs near Alaska.[129] Around the same time period, a reporter for Fortune magazine spoke with Edward Itta, an Inupiat Eskimo leader and the former mayor of the North Slope Borough, who expressed that he was conflicted about Shell's plans in the Arctic, as he was very concerned that an oil spill could destroy the Inupiat Eskimo's hunting-and-fishing culture, but his borough also received major tax revenue from oil and gas production; additionally, further revenue from energy activity was considered crucial to the future of the living standard in Itta's community.[106]
In July 2012, Greenpeace activists shut down 53 Shell petrol stations in Edinburgh and London in a protest against the company's plans to drill for oil in the Arctic. Greenpeace's "Save the Arctic" campaign aims to prevent oil drilling and industrial fishing in the Arctic by declaring the uninhabited area around the North Pole a global sanctuary.[130]
A review was announced after the Kulluk oil rig ran aground near Kodiak Island in December 2012.[131]
In response, Shell filed lawsuits to seek injunctions from possible protests, and Benjamin Jealous of the NAACP and Radford argued that the legal action was "trampling Americans' rights."[132] According to Greenpeace, Shell lodged a request with Google to take down video footage of a Greenpeace protest action that occurred at the Shell-sponsored Formula One (F1) Belgian Grand Prix on 25 August 2013, in which "SaveTheArctic.org" banners appear at the winners' podium ceremony. In the video, the banners rise up automatically—activists controlled their appearance with the use of four radio car antennas—revealing the website URL, alongside an image that consists of half of a polar bear's head and half of the Shell logo.[133]
Royal Dutch Shell then announced a "pause" in the timeline of the project in early 2013[111] and, in September 2015, the corporation announced the extension of the suspension of its drilling program in the Arctic.[134]
Polar Pioneer[edit]
A June 2014 interview with the corporation's new executive vice president of the Arctic indicated that Royal Dutch Shell will continue with its activity in the region.[58][112]
In Seattle protests began in May 2015 in response to the news that the Port of Seattle made an agreement with Shell to berth rigs at the Port's Terminal 5 during the off-season of oil exploration in Alaskan waters. The arrival of Shell's new Arctic drilling vessel, the Polar Pioneer ( IMO number: 8754140), a semi-submersible offshore drilling rig, was greeted by large numbers of environmental protesters paddling kayaks in Elliott Bay.[135][136]
On 6 May 2015 it was reported that during a coast guard inspection of the Polar Pioneer, a piece of anti-pollution gear failed, resulting in fines and delay of the operation.[137] Oil executives from Total and Eni interviewed by the New York Times, expressed scepticism about Shell's new ambitions for offshore drilling in the Arctic, and cited economic and environmental hurdles. ConocoPhillips and Statoil suspended Arctic drilling earlier, after Shell's failed attempt in 2012.[138]
Oil spills[edit]

Shell was responsible for around 21,000 gallons of oil spilled near Tracy, California in May 2016 due to a pipeline crack.[139]
Shell was responsible for a 88,200-gallon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico in May 2016.[140]
Two ruptures in a Shell Oil Co. pipeline in Altamont, California - one in September 2015 and another in May 2016 - had some questioning whether the Office of the State Fire Marshal, charged with overseeing the pipeline, was doing an adequate job.[141]

See also[edit]


Companies portal
Energy portal



Bataafse Petroleum Maatschappij
Chaco War
Lensbury
royaldutchshellplc.com
Shell Guides, a series of guidebooks
Shell V-Power
List of investors in Bernard L. Madoff Securities
List of companies based in London
Fossil fuels lobby

Notes[edit]



^ Proforma aggregate total for Royal Dutch Shell and BG Group combined.



References[edit]


^ a b c d e f g "Royal Dutch Shell plc Financial Statements". Google. Retrieved 10 July 2016. 
^ "About Shell". Shell. Retrieved 12 July 2013. 
^ "Global 500. Royal Dutch Shell". CNN. 2012. Retrieved 29 January 2013. 
^ Shell, Glencore, and Other Multinationals Dominate Their Home Economies 4 April 2013 BusinessWeek
^ Webb, Tim (17 March 2009). "Shell dumps wind, solar and hydro power in favour of biofuels". London: The Guardian. Retrieved 17 March 2013. 
^ "Wind". shell.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ "Shell at a glance". Royal Dutch Shell plc. Retrieved 30 August 2010. 
^ a b "8 Apr 2015 - Recommended Cash and Share Offer Announcement" (PDF). Royal Dutch Shell plc. Retrieved 29 October 2016. 
^ "Exploration & Production in the United States". Royal Dutch Shell plc. Archived from the original on 24 July 2011. Retrieved 30 August 2010. 
^ a b Shell and Cosan join forces for $ 12 billion ethanol venture
^ a b Fox, Justin (8 April 2015). "Stop Calling Shell an Oil Company". Bloomberg. Retrieved 29 October 2016. 
^ "Market Cap Rankings". Ycharts. Zacks Investment Research. 8 April 2012. Archived from the original on 31 March 2012. Retrieved 9 April 2012. 
^ "FTSE All-Share Index Ranking". stockchallenge.co.uk. Retrieved 1 January 2017. 
^ "Report: Qatar eyes largest piece of Shell". Upstream Online. NHST Media Group. 7 September 2012. Retrieved 8 September 2012. 
^ a b "The beginnings". shell.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ Fred Aftalion (2001). A History of the International Chemical Industry. Chemical Heritage Foundation. p. 142. ISBN 978-0-941901-29-1. 
^ Merrillees 2015, p. 60.
^ Royal Dutch Shell: History Archived 11 October 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Mark Forsyth (2011). The Etymologicon: A Circular Stroll through the Hidden Connections of the English Language. Icon Books. p. 140. ISBN 978-1-84831-319-4. 
^ Falola, Toyin; Genova, Ann (2005). The Politics of the Global Oil Industry: An Introduction. Greenwood Publishing Group. p. 30. 
^ a b F. C. Gerretson (1953). History of the Royal Dutch. Brill Archive. p. 346. GGKEY:NNJNHTLUZKG. 
^ a b F. C. Gerretson (1953). History of the Royal Dutch. Brill Archive. p. 346. GGKEY:NNJNHTLUZKG. 
^ a b c d e f g h i "The early 20th century". shell.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ Reference and contact details: GB 1566 SMBP Title:Shell-Mex and BP Archive Dates of Creation: 1900–1975 Held at: BP Archive GB 1566 SMBP
^ Peck, Merton J. & Scherer, Frederic M. The Weapons Acquisition Process: An Economic Analysis (1962) Harvard Business School p.619
^ Velschow, Klaus. "The Bombing of the Shellhus on March 21, 1945". milhist.dk. Archived from the original on 10 April 2014. Retrieved 21 April 2015. 
^ The Ferranti Mark 1* that went to Shell labs in Amsterdam, Netherlands (Dutch only)
^ "Analysis: Cash bounty lures miners into risky empire-building". Reuters. 27 September 2010. Retrieved 22 April 2011. 
^ The Shell Transport & Trading Company plc delisted from LSE
^ N.V. Koninklijke Nederlandsche Petroleum Maatschappij (English translation, Royal Dutch Petroleum Company) to Withdraw its Ordinary Shares, par value 0.56 Euro, from NYSE
^ Shell shareholders agree merger BBC News, 2005
^ "Iraq holds oil auction, Shell wins giant field". Reuters. 11 December 2009. Retrieved 22 August 2012. 
^ Pagnamenta, Robin (12 December 2009). "Shell secures vital toehold in 'the new Iraq' where oil is ready to flow". The Times. London. Retrieved 22 April 2011. 
^ 2009 Iraqi oil services contracts tender
^ "Shell bets on ethanol in $21 billion deal with Brazil's Cosan". Reuters. 1 February 2010. Retrieved 22 April 2011. 
^ "Shell to fund capital spending by selling LPG assets". 1 March 2010. Retrieved 11 March 2010. 
^ "Shell Acquires East Resources' Tight Gas Fields". Infogrok.com. 31 May 2010. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ a b Tom Bawden (17 January 2014). "Royal Dutch Shell issues shock profit warning". The Independent. London. Retrieved 24 February 2014. 
^ a b James Paton (21 February 2014). "Vitol to Pay Shell A$2.9 Billion for Australian Assets". Bloomberg. Retrieved 24 February 2014. 
^ Tiffany Hsu (8 April 2015). "Shell-BG tie-up could challenge market leader Exxon Mobil". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 8 April 2015. 
^ Rakteem Katakey (15 February 2016). "Shell Surpasses Chevron to Become No. 2 Oil Company: Chart". Bloomberg.com. 
^ Shell takes final investment decision to build a new petrochemicals complex in Pennsylvania, US Royal Dutch Shell (06/07/2016)
^ "Shell sells North Sea assets worth £2.46bn to Chrysaor". BBC News. 31 January 2017. Retrieved 10 June 2017. 
^ Williams, Nia (24 May 2017). "Shell, ConocoPhillips oil sands share selloff risks flooding market". Reuters. Retrieved 10 June 2017. 
^ Shell International Petroleum Company, Developments in Nigeria (London: March 1995)
^ "Niger Delta: Shell's manifestly false claims about oil pollution exposed, again". Amnesty International. 3 November 2015. Retrieved 26 March 2015. 
^ Shell Nigeria case: Court acquits firm on most charges, United Kingdom: BBC News, 30 January 2013 
^ "Argentinian town agrees to damages for oil spill". Radio Netherlands Worldwide. Radio Netherlands Worldwide. 18 May 2009. Retrieved 3 March 2014. 
^ "Court rules Shell must spend US$35mn on Magdalena clean-up". BNamericas. BNamericas. 22 November 2002. Retrieved 3 March 2014. 
^ Lieberman, Amy; Rust, Susanne (31 December 2015). "Big Oil braced for global warming while it fought regulations". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 22 January 2016. 
^ "Royal Dutch Shell PLC - AMEE". 
^ "From Well to Wheel: The Social, Environmental, and Climate Costs of Amazon Crude". Amazon Watch. Retrieved 27 March 2017. 
^ Carrington, Damian; Mommers, Jelmer (28 February 2017). "‘Shell knew’: oil giant's 1991 film warned of climate change danger". The Guardian. Retrieved 25 April 2017. 
^ Mommers, Jelmer; Carrington, Damian (28 February 2017). "If Shell knew climate change was dire 25 years ago, why still business as usual today?". The Correspondent. Retrieved 25 April 2017. 
^ Mommers, Jelmer (28 February 2017). "Shell made a film about climate change in 1991 (then neglected to heed its own warning)". The Correspondent. Retrieved 25 April 2017. 
^ "Royal Dutch Shell: Directors & Officers". FT.com. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Shell press release Archived 2 November 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b c d e Rik Kirkland (June 2014). "Leading in the 21st century: An interview with Shell's Ann Pickard". McKinsey & Company. McKinsey & Company. Retrieved 20 June 2014. 
^ "About Shell – The history of the Shell logo". About Shell. Shell International B.V. 15 June 2007. Archived from the original on 13 July 2010. Retrieved 10 March 2010. 
^ "Shell Haven celebrate a new jetty facility". Shell. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Business Superbrands, Editor: Marcel Knobil, Author James Curtis (2000), Superbrands Ltd. ISBN 978-0-9528153-4-1, p. 93.
^ "raymod loewy logos". designboom.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ "1980s to the new millennium – Shell Global". Shell Global. 17 December 2012. Retrieved 6 October 2013. 
^ "What we do". Shell. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Vertical integration". The Economist. 30 March 2009. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Industry Overview". Petroleum Services Association of Canada. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Facelift for Shell logo in pounds 500m 'new look' drive: Petrol giant plans to update outlets in 100 countries ready for next century". The Independent. 30 August 1993. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Shell to become full-time DJR Team Penske backer". Motorsport.com. 3 October 2016. 
^ "Post-war expansion". Shell. Retrieved 9 December 2010. 
^ "Where we operate". Shell. Archived from the original on 2 November 2010. Retrieved 9 December 2010. 
^ a b Smith, David (8 December 2010). "WikiLeaks cables: Shell's grip on Nigerian state revealed". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 9 December 2010. 
^ "Shell Group To Divest Assets In 21 African Countries". Peace FM Online. 8 April 2010. Archived from the original on 11 April 2010. 
^ Shell Denies Rumours of Planned Market Exit
^ "Stakes in four Nigerian oil fields being sold by Shell". Nigeria Sun. 27 August 2014. Retrieved 28 August 2014. 
^ "‘Inspiration’ in the skies: first Hong Kong-made plane prepares for epic world tour". Retrieved 28 July 2016. 
^ "‘Inspiration’ in the skies: first Hong Kong-made plane prepares for epic world tour". Retrieved 28 July 2016. 
^ 26 July 2016, Reuters.
^ "Pilipinas Shell Petroleum Corporation". Shell.com.ph. 17 February 2012. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ "Nasdaq.com". Nasdaq.com. 4 May 2012. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ "Report: PSE oks Pilipinas Shell’s P30B IPO". Upstream Online. Philippine Daily Inquirer. 29 September 2016. Retrieved 29 September 2016. 
^ "Shell Eastern Petroleum Ltd (SEPL), Singapore". ChemicalsTechnology. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Book "Down Many a Road", the story of Shell in Ireland from 1902 to 200 – Bob Montgomery Dreolín Publications 2002 ISBN 1-902773-11-X
^ Shell in Ireland Archived 8 August 2009 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Corrib". SubseaIQ. Bishop Interactive. Retrieved 9 August 2010. 
^ Making a big deal: the movers and shakers in Irish business Archived 30 May 2011 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Hennessy, Niamh (20 February 2008). "Topaz spending €50m re-branding Shell and Statoil stations nationwide". Archives.tcm.ie. Retrieved 17 May 2012. [dead link]
^ "7-Eleven and Shell join forces at 269 petrol stations" (Press release). Shell International B.V. 27 August 2007. Archived from the original on 29 August 2007. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ "Shell reviewing portfolio of LPG businesses" (Press release). Shell International B.V. 6 May 2010. Archived from the original on 17 May 2010. Retrieved 19 June 2010. 
^ "Shell Etsii mahdollista ostajaa Suomen toiminnoilleen" (Press release). Shell Finland. 6 April 2010. Retrieved 19 June 2010. [dead link]
^ "Keele buys Shell's Finnish and Swedish businesses" (Press release). Helsinki Times. 27 October 2010. Archived from the original on 1 August 2012. Retrieved 20 December 2011. 
^ "Reorganisation of North Sea operation to see Shell slash 250 jobs". Yahoo Finance. Retrieved 8 August 2014. 
^ Thomas C. Hayes (13 December 1990). "Shell Oil Shareholders Awarded $110 Million". The New York Times. Retrieved 27 February 2012. 
^ a b Peter Staas (3 June 2011). "Shell's Prelude FLNG Project: An Offshore Revolution?". Investing Daily. Capitol Information Group, Inc. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ a b Reuters and Associated Press (3 December 2013). "Shell's massive Prelude hull world's biggest-ever floating vessel and first ocean-based LNG plant". Financial Post. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ "Shell’s Prelude FLNG to start production in 2017?". LNG World News. 14 April 2016. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Ross Kelly (19 June 2014). "GDF Suez, Santos Halt Innovative LNG Plan in Australia". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ Matt Chambers (4 June 2013). "Geelong refinery writedown hits Shell for $203m". The Australian. Retrieved 6 June 2013. 
^ "Shell and Cosan join forces for $ 12 billion ethanol venture (Ecoseed)". 
^ "Shareholders reject Woodside plans to repurchase stake from Shell". Perth Herald. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ "SolarWorld Acquires Shell's Solar Business". RenewableEnergyWorld.com. 2 February 2006. Retrieved 18 August 2008. 
^ Shell pulls out of key wind power project, Financial Times, 1 May 2008
^ Stanley, Dean. "Shell Takes Flexible Approach to Fueling the Future". Executive View. Corland Publishing. Archived from the original on 20 August 2007. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ "Oil & Gas Giant to Build Dutch Borssele III & IV Offshore Wind Farms". Offshore Wind. 12 December 2016. Retrieved 14 December 2016. 
^ "Shell initiates Beaufort Sea oil exploration". Offshore Magazine. Pennwell Corporation. 17 March 2006. Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ Bailey, Alan (4 February 2007). "Shell proposes 18 wells". Petroleum News. 12 (5). Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ a b c d Jon Birger (3 January 2013). "What I learned aboard Shell's grounded Alaskan oil rig". Fortune Magazine. Time Inc. Retrieved 20 June 2014. 
^ Eaton, Joe (27 July 2012). "Shell Scales Back 2012 Arctic Drilling Goals". National Geographic. Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ Demer, Lisa (27 June 2012). "Shell drill rigs depart Seattle for Arctic waters in Alaska". Anchorage Daily News. Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ a b c Jerry Beilinson (1 January 2013). "What Shell's Kulluk Oil Rig Accident Means for Arctic Drilling". Popular Mechanics. Hearst Communication, Inc. Retrieved 20 June 2014. 
^ a b Phil Radford (24 May 2010). "[BP]resident Obama: Where Does BP Begin and Obama End?". The Huffington Post. Retrieved 5 October 2013. 
^ a b Mat Smith (27 February 2013). "Shell halts Arctic drill plans for 2013". CNN. Retrieved 27 February 2013. 
^ a b Terry Macalister (30 January 2014). "Shell shelves plan to drill in Alaskan Arctic this summer". The Guardian. Retrieved 3 March 2014. 
^ "The My Hero Project – Ken Saro Wiwa". Myhero.com. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ Brent Spar's long saga BBC News, 1998
^ Ek Kia, Tan (19 April 2005). "Sustainable Development in Shell" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 26 September 2007. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ G. Thomas Sims (12 April 2007). "Shell Settles With Europe on Overstated Oil Reserves". New York Times. 
^ Jill Treanor (31 May 2009). "Royal Dutch Shell to compensate shareholders for reserves scandal". The Guardian. London. 
^ Tim Fawcett (18 March 2004). "Shell's slippery slope". BBC News. 
^ Bruno, Kenny (24 January 2002). "Greenwash Award to Shell for Clouding the Issue". Campaigns. CorpWatch. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ John Vidal (13 August 2008). "Shell rapped by ASA for 'greenwash' advert". The Guardian. London. 
^ MacAlister, Terry (5 March 2007). "Shell safety record in North Sea takes a hammering". The Guardian. London. 
^ a b Ed Pilkington in New York (8 June 2009). "Shell pays out $15.5m over Saro-Wiwa killing". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ "Wiwa v. Shell". wiwavshell.org. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ "Shell settles Nigeria deaths case". BBC News. 9 June 2009. 
^ "Amnesty.org" (PDF). Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ Vogel, D. The market for virtue: The potential and limits of corporate social responsibility. 2006. p 143
^ Vidal, John (3 October 2011). "Shell oil paid Nigerian military to put down protests, court documents show". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 5 October 2011. Confidential memos, faxes, witness statements and other documents, released in 2009, show the company regularly paid the military to stop the peaceful protest movement against the pollution [...] In 2009, in a New York federal court, that evidence never saw light during the trial. 
^ Shell's Arctic oil rig departs Seattle as 'kayaktivists' warn of disaster The Guardian 15 June 2015
^ Activists protest at Shell's Finnish icebreaker rental. YLE, 16 March 2012. Retrieved 24 October 2012.
^ Laurie Tuffrey. "Greenpeace activists shut down 74 UK Shell petrol stations". the Guardian. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ Dan Joling (8 January 2013). "Salazar announces Arctic offshore drilling review; Coast Guard investigates Shell grounding". The Morning Call. The Associated Press. Retrieved 12 January 2013. [dead link]
^ Phil Radford and Benjamin Jealous (17 June 2013). "How Shell is trying to send a chill through activist groups across the country". Grist.org. Retrieved 5 October 2013. 
^ "Greenpeace protest at Shell Belgian F1 Grand Prix event – video" (Video upload). The Guardian. 27 August 2013. Retrieved 5 April 2014. 
^ "Shell abandons Alaska Arctic drilling". The Guardian. 28 September 2015. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Beekman, Daniel (14 May 2015). "More protests planned after giant oil rig muscles in". Seattle Times. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ "'Paddle in Seattle' Arctic oil drilling protest". BBC. 17 May 2015. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Vice (6 May 2015). "Shell Plans to Drill in the Arctic This Summer and It's Already Failed a Coast Guard Inspection". 
^ New York Times (12 May 2015). "Shell's Record Adds to the Anger of Those Opposing Arctic Drilling". 
^ "Oil pipeline near Tracy spills thousands of gallons of crude". Retrieved 17 June 2016. 
^ "Shell Oil Spill Dumps Thousands Of Barrels Of Crude Into Gulf Of Mexico". The Huffington Post. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Critics Question State Pipeline Oversight After 2 Altamont Oil Spills". KQUED. 10 October 2016. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 


Bibliography[edit]


"A Century in Oil" by Stephen Howarth [1997] ISBN 0-297-82247-0. A History of The "Shell" Transport and Trading Company.
"A History of Royal Dutch Shell" by Stephen Howarth and others [2007]. ISBN 978-0-19-929877-8
"Seven Sisters" by Anthony Sampson (1981) ISBN 978-0-553-23469-5
"Shell Shock: The secrets and spin of an Oil Giant" by Ian Cummins and John Beasant [2005]. ISBN 1-84018-941-X
Merrillees, Scott (2015). Jakarta: Portraits of a Capital 1950-1980. Jakarta: Equinox Publishing. ISBN 9786028397308. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Royal Dutch Shell.



Official website



Business data for Royal Dutch Shell plc:
Reuters
SEC filings



Royal Dutch Shell companies grouped at OpenCorporates
Works by Shell Union Oil Corporation at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about Royal Dutch Shell at Internet Archive
Works by Royal Dutch Shell at LibriVox (public domain audiobooks) 







v
t
e


Royal Dutch Shell



Divisions and
subsidiaries





Current




Asiatic Petroleum Company
Shell Australia
Shell Canada
Shell Chemicals
Shell Gas & Power
Ireland
Shell Nigeria
Shell Oil Company
Shell Pakistan






Former




Mexican Eagle Petroleum Company








Joint ventures





Current




Aera Energy
Albian Sands
Brunei LNG
Motiva Enterprises
Oman LNG
Pearl GTL
Sakhalin Energy






Former




Cellana
Shell-Mex and BP








Brands



Jiffy Lube
Pennzoil
Quaker State
Rain-X
Shell V-Power





People



M. King Hubbert
Fred Meissner
Gale Norton
Jorma Ollila
Rob Routs
Jeroen van der Veer
Peter Voser





Facilities and
places



Asiatic Petroleum Building
Brent Spar
Mars
Montreal East Refinery
proposed Pittsburgh ethane cracker plant
Rocky Mountain Arsenal
Scotford Upgrader
Shell Building
Shell Haven
Shell Mera
Shell Centre
Shell Centre (Calgary)
Shell Development Emeryville
Shell Mex House
One Shell Plaza
One Shell Square
Plaza Shell





Controversies



Corrib gas controversy
Movement for the Survival of the Ogoni People
Ken Saro-Wiwa
Wiwa v. Royal Dutch Shell Co.





Other



Answer Man
Club
Foundation
Guides
In Situ Conversion
Lennard's Carrying v Asiatic Petroleum
Novelty Service Station
Spectacular Sign
Turbo Chargers








 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


Petroleum industry






Petroleum
Primary energy









Benchmarks



Argus Sour
Bonny Light
Brent
Dubai
Indonesian
Isthmus-34 Light
Japan Cocktail
OPEC Reference Basket
Tapis
Urals
Western Canadian Select
West Texas Intermediate





Data




Natural gas



Consumption
Production
Reserves
Imports
Exports
Price





Petroleum



Consumption
Production
Reserves
Imports
Exports
Price (of gasoline and diesel)








Exploration



Core sampling
Geophysics
Integrated asset modelling
Petroleum engineering

Reservoir simulation
Seismic to simulation


Petroleum geology
Petrophysics
Reflection seismology (Seismic inversion)
Seismic source





Drilling



Blowout
Completion (Squeeze job)
Differential sticking
Directional drilling (Geosteering)
Drilling engineering
Drilling fluid (invasion)
Drill stem test
Lost circulation
Measurement
Tracers
Underbalanced drilling
Well logging





Production



Petroleum fiscal regime

Concessions
Production sharing agreements


Artificial lift

Pumpjack
Submersible pump (ESP)
Gas lift


Downstream
Enhanced oil recovery (EOR)

Steam injection
Gas reinjection


Midstream
Petroleum product
Pipeline transport
Refining
Upstream
Water injection
Well intervention
XT





History



1967 Oil Embargo
1973 oil crisis
1979 energy crisis
1980s oil glut
1990 oil price shock
2000s energy crisis
2010s oil glut
Founders
History of the petroleum industry
Nationalization
OPEC
GECF
Seven Sisters
Standard Oil
Oil market timelines





Provinces
and fields



List of natural gas fields
List of oil fields
East Midlands Oil Province
East Texas
Gulf of Mexico
Niger Delta
North Sea
Permian Basin
Persian Gulf
Prudhoe Bay Oil Field
Russia
Venezuela
Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin





Other topics



Acronyms
Oil shale gas
Peak oil

mitigation
timing


People
Petrocurrency
Petrodollar recycling
Shale gas
Swing producer
Unconventional oil

heavy crude
oil sands
oil shale















Companies and organisations








Major petroleum
companies





Supermajors



BP
Chevron
Eni
ExxonMobil
Royal Dutch Shell
Total






National oil
companies




ADNOC (UAE)
CNOOC (China)
CNPC (China)
Ecopetrol (Colombia)
Gazprom (Russia)
Iraq National Oil Company
Indian Oil Corporation
KazMunayGas (Kazakhstan)
Kuwait Petroleum Corporation
Lotos (Poland)
Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation
NIOC (Iran)
NISOC (Iran)
OGDCL (Pakistan)
ONGC (India)
PDVSA (Venezuela)
PKN Orlen (Poland)
Pemex (Mexico)
Pertamina (Indonesia)
PetroBangla (Bangladesh)
Petrobras (Brazil)
PetroChina
Petronas (Malaysia)
Petrovietnam
PTT (Thailand)
Qatar Petroleum
Rosneft (Russia)
Saudi Aramco (Saudi Arabia)
Sinopec (China)
SOCAR (Azerbaijan)
Sonangol (Angola)
Sonatrach (Algeria)
Statoil (Norway)
TPAO (Turkey)
YPF (Argentina)





Energy trading



Glencore
Gunvor
Mercuria
Naftiran Intertrade
Trafigura
Vitol





Other



Anadarko
Apache
BG Group
Cenovus Energy
Compañía Española de Petróleos
ConocoPhillips
Devon
Galp Energia
Hess
Husky Energy
Imperial Oil
Lukoil
Marathon Oil
Nippon Oil
Occidental
OMV
Port Harcourt Refining Company
Reliance Industries
Repsol
Suncor Energy
Surgutneftegas
TNK-BP
Tullow Oil
Tüpraş









Major services
companies




Amec Foster Wheeler
Baker Hughes
Cameron
CGG
CH2M Hill
Chicago Bridge & Iron Company
China Oilfield Services
Enbridge
Ensco
GE Oil & Gas
Halliburton
Nabors Industries
Naftiran Intertrade
National Oilwell Varco
Petrofac
Saipem
Schlumberger
Snam
Subsea 7
TransCanada
Transocean
Weatherford
Wood Group





Other



International Association of Oil & Gas Producers
International Energy Agency
International Petroleum Exchange
OPEC
Society of Petroleum Engineers
World Petroleum Council














Category
 Commons










Links to related articles











v
t
e


Energy in the United Kingdom








Companies







Coal



Anglo American
Asia Energy
BHP
ENRC
Glencore
Rio Tinto
UK Coal





Oil and gas




Integrated



BP
Royal Dutch Shell





Exploration and
production



Afren
BHP
Cairn Energy
Centrica
Dana Petroleum
Desire Petroleum
Emerald Energy
EnQuest
Essar Energy
Hardy Oil and Gas
JKX Oil & Gas
Melrose Resources
Ophir Energy
Perenco
Premier Oil
Regal Petroleum
Rockhopper Exploration
SOCO International
Star Energy
Tullow Oil





Supply



Greenergy
Murco Petroleum





Support



Abbot Group
AMEC
Ensco
Expro
Hunting
Petrofac
Qserv
Score Group
Weir Group
WesternGeco1
Wood Group








Utilities




Generation and
supply




Integrated



Centrica
EDF Energy1
E.ON UK1
RWE npower1
Scottish Power1
SSE





Generation



Drax Group
Falck Renewables
Horizon Nuclear Power1
International Power
Vattenfall United Kingdom1
Vedanta Resources





Supply



The Co-operative Energy
Ecotricity
ESB International
Extra Energy
Firmus Energy
First Utility
Good Energy
Green Energy
LoCO2 Energy
Opus Energy
Ovo Energy
Phoenix Natural Gas
Telecom Plus








Distribution




Electricity



Electricity North West1
Northern Powergrid1
SP Energy Networks1
SSE Power Distribution
UK Power Networks1
Western Power Distribution1





Gas



Firmus Energy
National Grid
Northern Gas Networks
Phoenix Natural Gas
SGN
Wales & West Utilities1








Transmission




Electricity



National Grid2
Scottish Hydro Electric Transmission
SP Energy Networks1





Gas



National Grid











Other



Aggreko
APX Group
Aquamarine Power
Ecogen
EnServe
Geothermal Engineering
Hi-Gen Power
Mark Group
Wavegen






Companies with headquarters and/or registered office in the UK but no applicable energy operations within the country shown in italics 1Ultimate parent company is not UK-based 2Integrated in the United States, no generation or supply activities in the UK














Energy sources







Coal



Coal Authority
Coal-fired power stations
Coal mines
Coal mining regions
Confederation of UK Coal Producers
Greenhouse gas emissions
History (Miners' strike
National Coal Board)
Open-pit coal mining





Electricity



Association of Electricity Producers
BritNed
East–West Interconnector
Energy switching services
Economy 7
Economy 10
Electricity billing
Green electricity
Grid Trade Master Agreement
HVDC Cross-Channel
HVDC Moyle
HVDC Norway–UK
Isle of Man to England Interconnector
National Grid

Control
Reserve Service


New Electricity Trading Arrangements
Power stations
Timeline of the electricity supply industry





Nuclear



Advanced gas-cooled reactor
Franco–British Nuclear Forum
Magnox
National Nuclear Laboratory
Nuclear Decommissioning Authority
Nuclear Liabilities Fund
Nuclear power stations
Office for Nuclear Regulation
Sellafield
United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority





Oil and gas



BBL Pipeline
Dash for Gas
Forties pipeline system
Fuel protests
Gas infrastructure
Greenhouse gas emissions
Hydrocarbon oil duty
Oil and Gas Authority
National Transmission System
Natural gas fields
Natural gas-fired power stations
North Sea oil
Oil & Gas UK
Oil fields
Oil-fired power stations
Oil infrastructure
Oil refineries
Petroleum revenue tax





Renewables




Biofuels



Biodiesel
Biofuel power stations
National Non-Food Crops Centre
Renewable Fuels Agency
Renewable Transport Fuel Obligation





Geothermal



Geothermal power stations





Hydroelectricity



Hydroelectric power stations
Severn Barrage
Wave farms





Solar power

 



Wind power



List of offshore wind farms
List of onshore wind farms
North Sea Offshore Grid
Wind power in Scotland



















Government and regulation







Organisations



Carbon Trust
Cenex
Committee on Climate Change
Department of Energy and Climate Change
Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs
Energy Saving Trust
Environment Agency
Office of Gas and Electricity Markets





Legislation and
initiatives



Carbon Emission Reduction Target
Climate Change Act 2008
Climate Change Agreement
Climate Change Levy
Climate Change and Sustainable Energy Act 2006
CRC Energy Efficiency Scheme
Display Energy Certificate
Energy Act 2013
Energy Performance Certificate
Fossil Fuel Levy
Low Carbon Building Programme
National Industrial Symbiosis Programme
Non-Fossil Fuel Obligation
Planning Act 2008
Renewable Heat Incentive
Renewables Obligation
United Kingdom Climate Change Programme
















Non-governmental organisations







Charities and
pressure groups



Ashden Award
BioRegional
Campaign against Climate Change
Centre for Alternative Technology
National Energy Action
Stop Climate Chaos
Tyndall Centre





Industry bodies



Combined Heat and Power Association
Energy Institute
Energy Networks Association
Energy Retail Association
Green Power Forum
RenewableUK
Utilities Intermediaries Association





Research



Centre for Renewable Energy Systems Technology
Energy Technologies Institute
Hadley Centre for Climate Prediction and Research
NaREC
Oil Depletion Analysis Centre
Sunbury Research Centre
UK Energy Research Centre
















Energy conservation






Association for the Conservation of Energy
British Energy Efficiency Federation
Close the Door campaign
Code for Sustainable Homes
Double Glazing & Conservatory Ombudsman Scheme
EcoHomes
Energy efficiency in British housing
Energy Saving Trust (Energy Saving Trust Recommended)
Greenhouse gas emissions
HTB
National Home Energy Rating











 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


 AEX companies of the Netherlands






Aalberts
ABN AMRO
Aegon
Ahold Delhaize
Akzo Nobel
Altice
ArcelorMittal
ASML
Boskalis
DSM
Galapagos
Gemalto
Heineken
ING
KPN
NN Group
Philips
Randstad
RELX
Royal Dutch Shell
SBM Offshore
Unibail-Rodamco
Unilever
Vopak
Wolters Kluwer












v
t
e


 FTSE 100 companies of the United Kingdom   → FTSE 250







3i
Admiral Group
Anglo American
Antofagasta
Ashtead Group
Associated British Foods
AstraZeneca
Aviva
BAE Systems
BHP
BP
Babcock International
Barclays
Barratt Developments
British American Tobacco
British Land
BT Group
Bunzl
Burberry
Carnival
Centrica
Coca-Cola HBC
Compass Group
ConvaTec
CRH
Croda International
DCC
Diageo
Direct Line Group
easyJet
Experian
Fresnillo
G4S
GKN
GlaxoSmithKline
Glencore
Hammerson
Hargreaves Lansdown
HSBC
Imperial Brands
Informa
InterContinental Hotels Group
International Airlines Group
Intertek
ITV
Johnson Matthey
Kingfisher
Land Securities Group
Legal & General
Lloyds Banking Group
London Stock Exchange Group
Marks & Spencer
Mediclinic International
Merlin Entertainments
Micro Focus International
Mondi
Morrisons
National Grid
Next
Old Mutual
Paddy Power Betfair
Pearson
Persimmon
Provident
Prudential
Randgold Resources
Royal Bank of Scotland
Reckitt Benckiser
RELX Group
Rentokil Initial
Rio Tinto Group
Rolls-Royce
Royal Dutch Shell
Royal Mail
RSA Insurance Group
Sage Group
J Sainsbury
Schroders
Scottish Mortgage Investment Trust
Segro
Severn Trent
Shire
Sky
Smith & Nephew
Smiths Group
Smurfit Kappa
SSE
Standard Chartered
Standard Life
St. James's Place
Taylor Wimpey
Tesco
TUI
Unilever
United Utilities
Vodafone
Whitbread
Wolseley
Worldpay
WPP
















 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Royal_Dutch_Shell&oldid=789456582"					
Categories: Royal Dutch ShellMultinational oil companiesOil companies of the NetherlandsOil and gas companies of the United KingdomAutomotive fuel brandsChemical companies of the NetherlandsChemical companies of the United KingdomCompanies based in LondonCompanies based in The HagueMultinational companies headquartered in the NetherlandsOrganisations based in the Netherlands with royal patronageMultinational companies based in the City of LondonNon-renewable resource companies established in 19071907 establishments in the Netherlands1907 establishments in the United KingdomCompanies listed on the London Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeEnergy companies established in 1907British companies established in 1907Companies formerly listed on the Amsterdam Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the Euronext AmsterdamDutch brandsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from February 2014Articles with dead external links from June 2014Use British English from May 2012Use dmy dates from May 2017IMO NumberOpenCorporates groupingsArticles with Project Gutenberg linksArticles with Internet Archive linksArticles with LibriVox links 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansAlemannischالعربيةবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGaeilge客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаLatinaLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPapiamentuPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng ViệtWinaray粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 7 July 2017, at 13:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Royal Dutch Shell - Wikipedia






















 






Royal Dutch Shell

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Royal Dutch Shell plc)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Shell Company" redirects here. It is not to be confused with Shell corporation.

Royal Dutch Shell plc





Headquarters in The Hague, Netherlands




Type

Public limited company


Traded as
LSE: RDSA, RDSB
Euronext: RDSA, RDSB
NYSE: RDS.A, RDS.B
FTSE 100 Component


ISIN
GB00B03MLX29


Industry
Oil and gas


Predecessor
Royal Dutch Petroleum Co. (1890)
The Shell Transport and Trading Company Limited (1897)


Founded
February 1907; 110 years ago (1907-02)


Headquarters
The Hague, Netherlands
(Headquarters)
Shell Centre, London, England
(Registered office)



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Charles O. Holliday (Chairman)
Ben van Beurden (CEO)


Products
Petroleum, natural gas, and other petrochemicals


Revenue
 US$233.6 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$2.36 billion (2016)[1]


Profit
 US$4.57 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$411.2 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$186.6 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

93,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
Shell Australia
Shell South Africa
Shell Canada
Shell Chemicals
Shell Gas & Power
Shell Hong Kong
Shell Nigeria
Shell Oil Company
Shell Pakistan


Website
www.shell.com


Royal Dutch Shell plc (LSE: RDSA, RDSB), commonly known as Shell, is a British–Dutch multinational oil and gas company headquartered in the Netherlands and incorporated in the United Kingdom.[2] It is one of the six oil and gas "supermajors" and the sixth-largest company in the world measured by 2016 revenues (and the largest based in Europe).[1] Shell was first in the 2013 Fortune Global 500 list of the world's largest companies;[3] in that year its revenues were equivalent to 84% of the Netherlands' $556 billion GDP.[4]
Shell is vertically integrated and is active in every area of the oil and gas industry, including exploration and production, refining, distribution and marketing, petrochemicals, power generation and trading. It also has renewable energy activities in the form of biofuels[5] and wind.[6] Shell has operations in over 70 countries, produces around 3.7 million barrels of oil equivalent per day and has 44,000 service stations worldwide.[7][8] As of 31 December 2014, Shell had total proved reserves of 13.7 billion barrels (2.18×109 m3) of oil equivalent.[8][note 1] Shell Oil Company, its principal subsidiary in the United States, is one of its largest businesses.[9] Shell holds 50% of Raízen, a joint venture with Cosan, which is the third-largest Brazil-based energy company by revenues and a major producer of ethanol.[10]
Shell was formed in 1907 through the amalgamation of the Royal Dutch Petroleum Company of the Netherlands and the "Shell" Transport and Trading Company of the United Kingdom. Until its unification in 2005 the firm operated as a dual-listed company, whereby the British and Dutch companies maintained their legal existence but operated as a single-unit partnership for business purposes. Shell first entered the chemicals industry in 1929. In 1970 Shell acquired the mining company Billiton, which it subsequently sold in 1994 and now forms part of BHP Billiton. In recent decades gas exploration and production has become an increasingly important part of Shell's business.[11] Shell acquired BG Group in 2016, making it the world's largest producer of liquefied natural gas (LNG).[11]
Shell has a primary listing on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index. It had a market capitalisation of £185 billion at the close of trading on 30 December 2016, by far the largest of any company listed on the London Stock Exchange and among the highest of any company in the world.[12][13] It has secondary listings on Euronext Amsterdam and the New York Stock Exchange. As of January 2013, Shell's largest shareholder was Capital Research Global Investors with 9.85% ahead of BlackRock in second with 6.89%.[14] Shell's logo, known as the "pecten", is one of the most familiar commercial symbols in the world.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins
1.2 20th century
1.3 21st century
1.4 Environmental record
1.5 Climate change


2 Corporate affairs

2.1 Management
2.2 Name and logo

2.2.1 Logo evolution




3 Operations

3.1 Business groupings
3.2 Oil and gas activities
3.3 Sponsorships


4 Africa
5 Asia

5.1 Hong Kong
5.2 Malaysia
5.3 Philippines
5.4 Singapore


6 Europe

6.1 Ireland
6.2 Nordic countries
6.3 United Kingdom


7 North America
8 Australia
9 Alternative energy
10 Current projects

10.1 Arctic


11 Controversies

11.1 2004 overstatement of oil reserves
11.2 Corporate communications
11.3 Health and safety
11.4 Human rights
11.5 Arctic project

11.5.1 Kodiak
11.5.2 Polar Pioneer
11.5.3 Oil spills




12 See also
13 Notes
14 References
15 Bibliography
16 External links



History[edit]
Origins[edit]




Royal Dutch Petroleum dock in the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia)






The oil well at Pangkalan Brandan, North Sumatra is considered to be the origin of the Royal Dutch Shell.


The Royal Dutch Shell Group was created in February 1907 through the amalgamation of two rival companies: the Royal Dutch Petroleum Company of the Netherlands and the Shell Transport and Trading Company Limited of the United Kingdom.[15] It was a move largely driven by the need to compete globally with Standard Oil.[16] The Royal Dutch Petroleum Company was a Dutch company founded in 1890 to develop an oilfield in Pangkalan Brandan, North Sumatra,[17] and initially led by August Kessler, Hugo Loudon, and Henri Deterding. The "Shell" Transport and Trading Company (the quotation marks were part of the legal name) was a British company, founded in 1897 by Marcus Samuel, 1st Viscount Bearsted, and his brother Samuel Samuel.[18] Their father had owned an antique company in Houndsditch, London,[19] which expanded in 1833 to import and sell sea-shells, after which the company "Shell" took its name.[15][20]
For various reasons, the new firm operated as a dual-listed company, whereby the merging companies maintained their legal existence, but operated as a single-unit partnership for business purposes. The terms of the merger gave 60 percent ownership of the new group to the Dutch arm and 40 percent to the British.[21]
National patriotic sensibilities would not permit a full-scale merger or takeover of either of the two companies.[21] The Dutch company, Koninklijke Nederlandsche Petroleum Maatschappij at The Hague, was in charge of production and manufacture.[22] The British Anglo-Saxon Petroleum Company was based in London, to direct the transport and storage of the products.[22]
20th century[edit]




Shell benzine for Sir Ernest Henry Shackleton, Antarctic Expedition 1915.


During the First World War, Shell was the main supplier of fuel to the British Expeditionary Force.[23] It was also the sole supplier of aviation fuel and supplied 80 percent of the British Army's TNT.[23] It also volunteered all of its shipping to the British Admiralty.[23]
The German invasion of Romania in 1916 saw 17% of the group's worldwide production destroyed.[23]
In 1919, Shell took control of the Mexican Eagle Petroleum Company and in 1921 formed Shell-Mex Limited which marketed products under the "Shell" and "Eagle" brands in the United Kingdom. In 1929, Shell Chemicals was founded.[23] By the end of the 1920s, Shell was the world's leading oil company, producing 11 percent of the world's crude oil supply and owning 10 percent of its tanker tonnage.[23]
Shell Mex House was completed in 1931, and was the head office for Shell's marketing activity worldwide.[23] In 1932, partly in response to the difficult economic conditions of the times, Shell-Mex merged its UK marketing operations with those of British Petroleum to create Shell-Mex and BP,[24] a company that traded until the brands separated in 1975. Royal Dutch Company ranked 79th among United States corporations in the value of World War II military production contracts.[25]
The 1930s saw Shell's Mexican assets seized by the local government.[23] After the invasion of the Netherlands by Germany in 1940, the head office of the Dutch companies was moved to Curacao.[23] In 1945 Shell's Danish headquarters in Copenhagen, at the time being used by the Gestapo, was bombed by Royal Air Force Mosquitoes in Operation Carthage.[26]
Around 1952, Shell was the first company to purchase and use a computer in the Netherlands.[27] The computer, a Ferranti Mark 1*, was assembled and used at the Shell laboratory in Amsterdam. In 1970 Shell acquired the mining company Billiton, which it subsequently sold in 1994 and now forms part of BHP Billiton.[28]
21st century[edit]
In November 2004, following a period of turmoil caused by the revelation that Shell had been overstating its oil reserves, it was announced that the Shell Group would move to a single capital structure, creating a new parent company to be named Royal Dutch Shell plc, with its primary listing on the London Stock Exchange, a secondary listing on the Amsterdam Stock Exchange, its headquarters and tax residency in The Hague, Netherlands and its registered office in London. The unification was completed on 20 July 2005 and the original owners delisted their companies from the respective exchanges. On 20 July 2005, the Shell Transport & Trading Company plc was delisted from the LSE,[29] where as, Royal Dutch Petroleum Company from NYSE on 18 November 2005.[30] The shares of the company were issued at a 60/40 advantage for the shareholders of Royal Dutch in line with the original ownership of the Shell Group.[31]
During the 2009 Iraqi oil services contracts tender, a consortium led by Shell (45%) and which included Petronas (30%) was awarded a production contract for the "Majnoon field" in the south of Iraq, which contains an estimated 12.6 billion barrels (2.00×109 m3) of oil.[32][33] The "West Qurna 1 field" production contract was awarded to a consortium led by ExxonMobil (60%) and included Shell (15%).[34]
In February 2010 Shell and Cosan formed a 50:50 joint-venture, Raízen, comprising all of Cosan's Brazilian ethanol, energy generation, fuel distribution and sugar activities, and all of Shell's Brazilian retail fuel and aviation distribution businesses.[35] In March 2010, Shell announced the sale of some of its assets, including its liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) business, to meet the cost of a planned $28bn capital spending programme. Shell invited buyers to submit indicative bids, due by 22 March, with a plan to raise $2–3bn from the sale.[36] In June 2010, Royal Dutch Shell agreed to acquire all the business of East Resources for a cash consideration of $4.7 billion. The transaction included East Resources' tight gas fields.[37]
Over the course of 2013, the corporation began the sale of its US shale gas assets and cancelled a US$20 billion gas project that was to be constructed in the US state of Louisiana. A new CEO Ben van Beurden was appointed in January 2014, prior to the announcement that the corporation's overall performance in 2013 was 38 per cent lower than 2012—the value of Shell's shares fell by 3 per cent as a result.[38] Following the sale of the majority of its Australian assets in February 2014, the corporation plans to sell a further US$15 billion worth of assets in the period leading up to 2015, with deals announced in Australia, Brazil and Italy.[39]
Royal Dutch Shell announced on 8 April 2015 it had agreed to buy BG Group for £47 billion (US$70 billion), subject to shareholder and regulatory approval.[40] The acquisition was completed in February 2016, resulting in Shell surpassing Chevron Corporation and becoming the world's second largest non-state oil company.[41]
On 7 June 2016, Royal Dutch Shell announced that it would build an ethane cracker plant near Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania after spending several years doing environmental cleanup of the proposed plant's site.[42]
In January 2017, Royal Dutch Shell agreed to sell £2.46bn worth of North Sea assets to oil exploration firm Chrysaor.[43] In 2017, Shell sold its oil sands assets to Canadian Natural Resources in exchange of approximately 8.8% stake in that company. In May 2017, it was reported that Shell plans to sell its shares in Canadian Natural Resources fully exiting the oil sands business.[44]
Environmental record[edit]
The presence of companies like Shell in the Niger-Delta has led to extreme environmental issues in the Niger Delta. Many pipelines in the Niger-Delta owned by Shell are old and corroded. Shell has acknowledged its responsibility for keeping the pipelines new but has also denied responsibility for environmental causes.[45] This has led to mass protests from the Niger-Delta inhabitants, Amnesty International, and Friends of the Earth Netherlands against Shell. It has also led to action plans to boycott Shell by environmental groups, and human rights groups.[46] In January 2013, a Dutch court rejected four out of five allegations brought against the firm over oil pollution in the Niger Delta but found a subsidiary guilty of one case of pollution, ordering compensation to be paid to a Nigerian farmer.[47]
On 15 January 1999, off the Argentinian town of Magdalena, Buenos Aires, the Shell tanker Estrella Pampeana collided with a German freighter, emptying its contents into the lake, polluting the environment, drinkable water, plants and animals. Over a decade after the spill, a referendum held in Magdalena determined the acceptance of a US$9.5 million compensatory payout from Shell.[48] Shell denied responsibility for the spill, but an Argentine court ruled in 2002 that the corporation was responsible.[49]
Shell joined the Global Climate Coalition of businesses opposed to greenhouse gas emission regulation. In 1989, Shell redesigned a $3-billion North Sea natural gas platform in the North Sea, raising its height one to two meters, to accommodate an anticipated sea level rise due to global warming.[50] In 2013, Royal Dutch Shell PLC reported CO2 emissions of 81 million metric tonnes.[51]
Shell is known to be processing oil from the Amazon region of South America, a large concern for environmentalists trying to protect the area. In the United States, the Martinez refinery (CA) and the Puget Sound Refinery (WA) carry Amazonian oil. In 2015, 14% of the Martinez refinery's gross, at 19,570 barrels per day, came from the Amazon. [52]
Climate change[edit]
In 2017, a public information film unseen for years resurfaced and showed Shell had clear grasp of global warming 26 years earlier but has not acted accordingly since, said critics. [53][54][55]
Corporate affairs[edit]
Management[edit]
On 4 August 2005, the board of directors announced the appointment of Jorma Ollila, chairman and CEO of Nokia at the time, to succeed Aad Jacobs as the company's non-executive chairman on 1 June 2006. Ollila is the first Shell chairman to be neither Dutch nor British. Other non-executive directors include Maarten van den Bergh, Wim Kok, Nina Henderson, Lord Kerr, Adelbert van Roxe, and Christine Morin-Postel.[56]
Since 3 January 2014, Ben van Beurden is CEO of Shell.[38] His Predecessor was Peter Voser who became CEO of Shell on 1 July 2009.[57]
Following a career at the corporation, in locations such as Australia and Africa, Ann Pickard was appointed as the executive vice president of the Arctic at Royal Dutch Shell, a role that was publicized in an interview with McKinsey & Company in June 2014.[58]
Name and logo[edit]
The name Shell is linked to The "Shell" Transport and Trading Company.[59] In 1833, the founder's father, Marcus Samuel Sr., founded an import business to sell seashells to London collectors. When collecting seashell specimens in the Caspian Sea area in 1892, the younger Samuel realised there was potential in exporting lamp oil from the region and commissioned the world's first purpose-built oil tanker, the Murex (Latin for a type of snail shell), to enter this market; by 1907 the company had a fleet. Although for several decades the company had a refinery at Shell Haven on the Thames, there is no evidence of this having provided the name.[60]
The Shell logo is one of the most familiar commercial symbols in the world. This logo is known as the "pecten" after the sea shell Pecten maximus (the giant scallop), on which its design is based. The yellow and red colours used are thought[61] to relate to the colours of the flag of Spain, as Shell built early service stations in California, previously a Spanish colony. The current revision of the logo was designed by Raymond Loewy in 1971.[62]
The slash was removed from the name "Royal Dutch/Shell" in 2005, concurrent with moves to merge the two legally separate companies (Royal Dutch and Shell) to the single legal entity which exists today.[63]
Logo evolution[edit]







1900









1904









1909









1930




Operations[edit]
Business groupings[edit]




Upstream activities currently generate around two-thirds of Shell's revenues


Shell is currently organised into four major business groupings:[64]

Upstream – manages the upstream business. It searches for and recovers crude oil and natural gas and operates the upstream and midstream infrastructure necessary to deliver oil and gas to the market. Its activities are organised primarily within geographic units, although there are some activities that are managed across the business or provided through support units.
Integrated Gas and New Energies – manages liquefying natural gas, converting gas to liquids and low-carbon opportunities.
Downstream – manages Shell's manufacturing, distribution and marketing activities for oil products and chemicals. Manufacturing and supply includes refinery, supply and shipping of crude oil.
Projects and technology – manages the delivery of Shell's major projects, provides technical services and technology capability covering both upstream and downstream activities. It is also responsible for providing functional leadership across Shell in the areas of health, safety and environment, and contracting and procurement.

Oil and gas activities[edit]




Former Shell oil depot in Kowloon, Hong Kong around the mid-1980s


Shell's primary business is the management of a vertically integrated oil company. The development of technical and commercial expertise in all stages of this vertical integration, from the initial search for oil (exploration) through its harvesting (production), transportation, refining and finally trading and marketing established the core competencies on which the company was founded. Similar competencies were required for natural gas, which has become one of the most important businesses in which Shell is involved, and which contributes a significant proportion of the company's profits. While the vertically integrated business model provided significant economies of scale and barriers to entry, each business now seeks to be a self-supporting unit without subsidies from other parts of the company.[65]
Traditionally, Shell was a heavily decentralised business worldwide (especially in the downstream) with companies in over 100 countries, each of which operated with a high degree of independence. The upstream tended to be far more centralised with much of the technical and financial direction coming from the central offices in The Hague. The upstream oil sector is also commonly known as the "exploration and production" sector.[66]
Downstream operations, which now also includes the chemicals business, generates a third of Shell's profits worldwide and is known for its global network of more than 40,000 petrol stations and its various oil refineries. The downstream business, which in some countries also included oil refining, generally included a retail petrol station network, lubricants manufacture and marketing, industrial fuel and lubricants sales and a host of other product/market sectors such as LPG and bitumen. The practice in Shell was that these businesses were essentially local and that they were best managed by local "operating companies" – often with middle and senior management reinforced by expatriates.[67]
Sponsorships[edit]
Shell has a long history of motorsport sponsorship, most notably Scuderia Ferrari (1951-1964, 1966-1973 and 1996-present), BRM (1962-1966 and 1968-1972), Scuderia Toro Rosso (2007-2013 and 2016), McLaren (1967-1968 and 1984-1994), Lotus (1968-1971), Team Penske (2011–present), Hyundai Motorsport (since 2005), AF Corse, Risi Competizione, BMW Motorsport and Dick Johnson Racing (1987-2004). It will again become title sponsor for the latter (now rebranded as DJR Team Penske) in 2017.[68]
Africa[edit]
Shell began drilling for oil in Africa during the 1950s. Shell began production in Nigeria in 1958.[69] Shell operates in the upstream oil sector in Algeria, Cameroon, Egypt, Gabon where is the giant Rabi-Kounga oil field, Ghana, Libya, Morocco, Nigeria, South Africa and Tunisia; and in the downstream sector in 16 other countries.[70]
In Nigeria, Shell told US diplomats that it had placed staff in all the main ministries of the government.[71]
In April 2010, Shell announced its intention to divest from downstream business of all African countries except South Africa and Egypt to Vitol and "Helios".[72] In several countries such as Tunisia, protests and strikes broke out. Shell denied rumours of the sellout.[73] Shell continues however upstream activities/extracting crude oil in the oil-rich Niger Delta as well as downstream/commercial activities in South Africa. In June 2013, the company announced a strategic review of its operations in Nigeria, hinting that assets could be divested. In August 2014, the company disclosed it was in the process of finalizing the sale of its interests in four Nigerian oil fields.[74]
Asia[edit]




A Shell gasoline station in Sabah, Malaysia


Hong Kong[edit]
Shell has been active in Hong Kong for a century, providing Retail, LPG, Commercial Fuel, Lubricants, Bitumen, Aviation, Marine and Chemicals services and products. Shell also sponsored the first Hong Kong-built aircraft, Inspiration', for its around-the-world trip.[75]
Malaysia[edit]
Shell discovered the first oil well in Malaysia in 1910, in Miri, Sarawak. Today the oil well is a state monument known as the Grand Old Lady. In 1914, following this discovery, Shell built Malaysia's first oil refinery and laid a submarine pipeline in Miri.[76][77]
Philippines[edit]




Shell oil depot (Poro Point, San Fernando, La Union, Philippines).


Royal Dutch Shell operates in the Philippines under its subsidiary, Pilipinas Shell Petroleum Corporation. Its headquarters is in Makati City and it has facilities in the Pandacan oil depot and other key locations.[78]
On January 2010, the Bureau of Customs claimed 7.34 billion pesos worth of unpaid excise taxes against Pilipinas Shell for importing Catalytic cracked gasoline (CCG) and light catalytic cracked gasoline (LCCG) stating that those imports are bound for tariff charges.[79]
In August 2016, Pilipinas Shell filed an application to sell US$629 million worth of primary and secondary shares to the investing public (registration statement) with the SEC. This was a prelude to filing its IPO listing application with the Philippine Stock Exchange. On 3 November 2016 the Pilipinas Shell Petroleum Corporation was officially listed on the Philippine Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol SHLPH after they held its Initial Public Offering on 19 to 25 October of the same year.[80]
Singapore[edit]
Shell has a strong presence in Singapore, indeed Singapore is the main centre for Shell's petrochemical operations in Asia Pacific region. Shell Eastern Petroleum limited (SEPL) have their refinery located in Singapore's Pulau Bukom island. They also operate as Shell Chemicals Seraya in Jurong Island.[81]
Europe[edit]
Ireland[edit]
Shell first started trading in Ireland in 1902.[82] Shell E&P Ireland (SEPIL) (previously Enterprise Energy Ireland) is an Irish exploration and production subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell. Its headquarters are on Leeson Street in Dublin. It was acquired in May 2002.[83] Its main project is the Corrib gas project, a large gas field off the northwest coast, for which Shell has encountered controversy and protests in relation to the onshore pipeline and licence terms.[84]
In 2005 Shell disposed of its entire retail and commercial fuels business in Ireland to Topaz Energy Group. This included depots, company-owned petrol stations and supply agreements stations throughout the island of Ireland.[85] The retail outlets were re-branded as Topaz in 2008/9.[86]
Nordic countries[edit]
On 27 August 2007, Royal Dutch Shell and Reitan Group, the owner of the 7-Eleven brand in Scandinavia, announced an agreement to re-brand some 269 service stations across Norway, Sweden, Finland and Denmark, subject to obtaining regulatory approvals under the different competition laws in each country.[87] On April 2010 Shell announced that the corporation is in process of trying to find a potential buyer for all of its operations in Finland and is doing similar market research concerning Swedish operations.[88][89] On October 2010 Shell's gas stations and the heavy vehicle fuel supply networks in Finland and Sweden, along with a refinery located in Gothenburg, Sweden were sold to St1, a Finnish energy company, more precisely to its major shareholding parent company Keele Oy.[90]
United Kingdom[edit]
In the UK sector of the North Sea Shell employs around 4,500 staff in Scotland as well as an additional 1,000 service contractors: however in August 2014 it announced it was laying off 250 of them, mainly in Aberdeen.[91]
North America[edit]
Main articles: Shell Oil Company and Shell Canada




Service station near Lost Hills, California






Shell gas station sign in Phoenix, Arizona






Shell gas station in Canada


Through most of Shell's early history, the Shell Oil Company business in the United States was substantially independent with its stock being traded on the NYSE and with little direct involvement from the group's central offices in the running of the American business. However, in 1984, Royal Dutch Shell made a bid to purchase those shares of Shell Oil Company it did not own (around 30%) and despite opposition from some minority shareholders, which led to a court case, Shell completed the buyout for a sum of $5.7 billion.[92]
Australia[edit]
On 20 May 2011, Royal Dutch Shell's final investment decision for the world's first floating liquefied natural gas (FLNG) facility was finalized following the discovery of the remote offshore Prelude field—located off Australia's northwestern coast and estimated to contain about 3 trillion cubic feet of natural gas equivalent reserves—in 2007. FLNG technology is based on liquefied natural gas (LNG) developments that were pioneered in the mid-20th century and facilitates the exploitation of untapped natural gas reserves located in remote areas, often too small to extract any other way.[93][94]
The floating vessel to be used for the Prelude field, known as Prelude FLNG, is promoted as the longest floating structure in the world and will take in the equivalent of 110,000 barrels of oil per day in natural gas—at a location 200 km (125 miles) off the coast of Western Australia—and cool it into liquefied natural gas for transport and sale in Asia. The Prelude is expected to start producing LNG in 2017[95]—analysts estimated the total cost of construction at more than US$12 billion.[93][94][96]
Following the decision by the Royal Dutch Shell fuel corporation to close its Geelong, Australia refinery in April 2013, a third consecutive annual loss was recorded for Shell's Australian refining and fuel marketing assets. Revealed in June 2013, the writedown is worth A$203 million, and was preceded by a A$638m writedown in 2012 and a A$407m writedown in 2011, after the closure of the Clyde refinery in Sydney, Australia.[97]
In February 2014, Shell sold its Australian refinery and petrol stations for US$2.6 billion (A$2.9 billion) to Vitol, a Geneva-based company.[98] Vitol stated that the Geelong refinery will remain open, as the company plans to expand further into the Australian market. At the time of the sale, Royal Dutch Shell was expected to continue investment into the Australian market, with projects that involve Chevron Corp., Woodside Petroleum and Prelude.[39]
Shell sold 9.5% of its 23.1% stake in Woodside Petroleum in June 2014 and advised that it had reached an agreement for Woodside to buy back 9.5% of its shares at a later stage. Shell became a major shareholder in Woodside after a 2001 takeover attempt was blocked by then federal Treasurer Peter Costello and the corporation has been open about its intention to sell its stake in Woodside as part of its target to shed assets. At a general body meeting, held on 1 August 2014, 72 percent of shareholders voted to approve the buy-back, short of the 75 percent vote that was required for approval. A statement from Shell read: "Royal Dutch Shell acknowledges the outcome of Woodside Petroleum Limited's shareholders' negative vote on the selective buy-back proposal. Shell is reviewing its options in relation to its remaining 13.6 percent holding."[99]
Alternative energy[edit]
In the early 2000s Shell moved into alternative energy and there is now an embryonic "Renewables" business that has made investments in solar power, wind power, hydrogen, and forestry. The forestry business went the way of nuclear, coal, metals and electricity generation, and was disposed of in 2003. In 2006 Shell paid SolarWorld to take over its entire solar business[100] and in 2008, the company withdrew from the London Array which has become the world's largest offshore wind farm.[101]
Shell also is involved in large-scale hydrogen projects. HydrogenForecast.com describes Shell's approach thus far as consisting of "baby steps", but with an underlying message of "extreme optimism".[102]
Shell holds 50% of Raízen, a joint venture with Brazilian sugarcane producer Cosan which is the third-largest Brazil-based energy company by revenues and a major producer of ethanol.[10]
In December 2016, Shell won the auction for the 700 MW Borssele III & IV offshore wind farms at a price of 5.45 c/kWh, beating 6 other consortia.[103]
Current projects[edit]
Arctic[edit]
Following the purchase of an offshore lease in 2005, Shell initiated its US$4.5 billion Arctic drilling program in 2006, after the corporation purchased the "Kulluk" oil rig and leased the Noble Discoverer drillship.[104][105] At inception, the project was led by Pete Slaiby, a Shell executive who had previously worked in the North Sea.[106] However, after the purchase of a second offshore lease in 2008, Shell only commenced drilling work in 2012, due to the refurbishment of rigs, permit delays from the relevant authorities and lawsuits.[107][108][109] The plans to drill in the Arctic led to protests from environmental groups, particularly Greenpeace; furthermore, analysts in the energy field, as well as related industries, also expressed skepticism due to perceptions that drilling in the region is "too dangerous because of harsh conditions and remote locations".[109][110]
Further problems hampered the Arctic project after the commencement of drilling in 2012, as Shell dealt with a series of issues that involved air permits, Coast Guard certification of a marine vessel and severe damage to essential oil-spill equipment. Additionally, difficult weather conditions resulted in the delay of drilling during mid-2012 and the already dire situation was exacerbated by the "Kulluk" incident at the end of the year. Royal Dutch Shell had invested nearly US$5 billion by this stage of the project.[106][109]
As the Kulluk oil rig was being towed to the American state of Washington to be serviced in preparation for the 2013 drilling season, a winter storm on 27 December 2012 caused the towing crews, as well as the rescue service, to lose control of the situation. As of 1 January 2013, the Kulluk was grounded off the coast Sitkalidak Island, near the eastern end of Kodiak Island. Following the accident, a Fortune magazine contacted Larry McKinney, the executive director at the Harte Research Institute for Gulf of Mexico Studies at Texas A&M, and he explained that "A two-month delay in the Arctic is not a two-month delay ... A two-month delay could wipe out the entire drilling season."[106]
It was unclear if Shell would recommence drilling in mid-2013, following the "Kulluk" incident and, in February 2013, the corporation stated that it would "pause" its closely watched drilling project off the Alaskan coast in 2013, and will instead prepare for future exploration.[111] In January 2014, the corporation announced the extension of the suspension of its drilling program in the Arctic, with chief executive van Beurden explaining that the project is "under review" due to both market and internal issues.[112]
A June 2014 interview with Pickard indicated that, following a forensic analysis of the problems encountered in 2012, Royal Dutch Shell will continue with the project and Pickard stated that she perceives the future of the corporation activity in the Arctic region as a long-term "marathon".[58] Pickard stated that the forensic "look back" revealed "there was an on/off switch" and further explained:

In other words, don't spend the money unless you're sure you're going to have the legal environment to go forward. Don't spend the money unless you're sure you're going to have the permit. No, I can't tell you that I'm going to have that permit until June, but we need to plan like we're going to have that permit in June. And so probably the biggest lesson is to make sure we could smooth out the on/off switches wherever we could and take control of our own destiny.[58]

Based upon the interview with Pickard, Shell is approaching the project as an investment that will reap energy resources with a lifespan of around 30 years.[58]
Controversies[edit]




Former Shell Research and Technology Centre, Amsterdam


Shell has been criticised for its businesses in Africa, notably in relation to protests of the Ogoni in 1995.[113]
In the 1990s, protesters criticised the company's environmental record, particularly the possible pollution caused by the proposed disposal of the Brent Spar platform into the North Sea. Despite support from the UK government, Shell reversed the decision under public pressure but maintained that sinking the platform would have been environmentally better.[114] Shell subsequently published an unequivocal commitment to sustainable development, supported by executive speeches reinforcing this commitment.[115]
2004 overstatement of oil reserves[edit]
In 2004 Shell overstated its oil reserves, resulting in loss of confidence in the group, a £17 million fine by the Financial Services Authority and the departure of the chairman Philip Watts. A lawsuit resulted in the payment of $450 million to non-American shareholders in 2007.[116][117][118]
Corporate communications[edit]




Shell Centre building in London, UK


Shell's advertising regarding its renewable energy business has been described as a greenwash by some environmental lobbies,[119] leading to criticism from the British Advertising Standards Authority which ruled that Shell had misled the public in an advertisement when it claimed that a $10 billion oil sands project in Alberta, Canada was a "sustainable energy source".[120]
Health and safety[edit]
A number of incidents over the years led to criticism of Shell's health and safety record, including repeated warnings by the UK Health and Safety Executive about the poor state of the company's North Sea platforms.[121]
Human rights[edit]
In the beginning of 1996, several human rights groups brought cases to hold Shell accountable for alleged human rights violations in Nigeria, including summary execution, crimes against humanity, torture, inhumane treatment and arbitrary arrest and detention. In particular, Shell stood accused of collaborating in the execution of Ken Saro-Wiwa and eight other leaders of the Ogoni tribe of southern Nigeria, who were hanged in 1995 by Nigeria's then military rulers.[122] The lawsuits were brought against Royal Dutch Shell and Brian Anderson, the head of its Nigerian operation.[123] In 2009, Shell agreed to pay $15.5m in a legal settlement.[122] Shell has not accepted any liability over the allegations against it.[124]
In 2009, Shell was the subject of an Amnesty International report into the deterioration of human rights as a consequence of Shell's activities in the Niger Delta. In particular, Amnesty criticised the continuation of gas flaring and Shell's slow response to oil spills.[125] In 1998, on its first public report on community and environmental issues in Nigeria, Shell promised "to end the practice of gas flaring in ten years, while pledging to establish a youth training scheme in Ogoniland".[126]
In 2010, a leaked cable revealed that Shell claims to have inserted staff into all the main ministries of the Nigerian government and know "everything that was being done in those ministries", according to Shell's top executive in Nigeria. The same executive also boasted that the Nigerian government had forgotten about the extent of Shell's infiltration.[71] Documents released in 2009 (but not used in the court case) reveal that Shell regularly made payments to the Nigerian military in order to prevent protests.[127]
Arctic project[edit]
According to the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management report in 2015 the chances of a major spill in a deep-sea Arctic drilling is 75% before century's end.[128]
Kodiak[edit]
In 2010 Greenpeace activists painted "No Arctic Drilling" with spilled BP oil on the side of a ship in the Gulf of Mexico that was en route to explore for Arctic oil for Shell. At the protest, Phil Radford of Greenpeace called for "President Obama [to] ban all offshore oil drilling and call for an end to the use of oil in our cars by 2030."[110]
On 16 March 2012, 52 Greenpeace activists from five different countries boarded Fennica and Nordica, multipurpose icebreakers chartered to support Shell's drilling rigs near Alaska.[129] Around the same time period, a reporter for Fortune magazine spoke with Edward Itta, an Inupiat Eskimo leader and the former mayor of the North Slope Borough, who expressed that he was conflicted about Shell's plans in the Arctic, as he was very concerned that an oil spill could destroy the Inupiat Eskimo's hunting-and-fishing culture, but his borough also received major tax revenue from oil and gas production; additionally, further revenue from energy activity was considered crucial to the future of the living standard in Itta's community.[106]
In July 2012, Greenpeace activists shut down 53 Shell petrol stations in Edinburgh and London in a protest against the company's plans to drill for oil in the Arctic. Greenpeace's "Save the Arctic" campaign aims to prevent oil drilling and industrial fishing in the Arctic by declaring the uninhabited area around the North Pole a global sanctuary.[130]
A review was announced after the Kulluk oil rig ran aground near Kodiak Island in December 2012.[131]
In response, Shell filed lawsuits to seek injunctions from possible protests, and Benjamin Jealous of the NAACP and Radford argued that the legal action was "trampling Americans' rights."[132] According to Greenpeace, Shell lodged a request with Google to take down video footage of a Greenpeace protest action that occurred at the Shell-sponsored Formula One (F1) Belgian Grand Prix on 25 August 2013, in which "SaveTheArctic.org" banners appear at the winners' podium ceremony. In the video, the banners rise up automatically—activists controlled their appearance with the use of four radio car antennas—revealing the website URL, alongside an image that consists of half of a polar bear's head and half of the Shell logo.[133]
Royal Dutch Shell then announced a "pause" in the timeline of the project in early 2013[111] and, in September 2015, the corporation announced the extension of the suspension of its drilling program in the Arctic.[134]
Polar Pioneer[edit]
A June 2014 interview with the corporation's new executive vice president of the Arctic indicated that Royal Dutch Shell will continue with its activity in the region.[58][112]
In Seattle protests began in May 2015 in response to the news that the Port of Seattle made an agreement with Shell to berth rigs at the Port's Terminal 5 during the off-season of oil exploration in Alaskan waters. The arrival of Shell's new Arctic drilling vessel, the Polar Pioneer ( IMO number: 8754140), a semi-submersible offshore drilling rig, was greeted by large numbers of environmental protesters paddling kayaks in Elliott Bay.[135][136]
On 6 May 2015 it was reported that during a coast guard inspection of the Polar Pioneer, a piece of anti-pollution gear failed, resulting in fines and delay of the operation.[137] Oil executives from Total and Eni interviewed by the New York Times, expressed scepticism about Shell's new ambitions for offshore drilling in the Arctic, and cited economic and environmental hurdles. ConocoPhillips and Statoil suspended Arctic drilling earlier, after Shell's failed attempt in 2012.[138]
Oil spills[edit]

Shell was responsible for around 21,000 gallons of oil spilled near Tracy, California in May 2016 due to a pipeline crack.[139]
Shell was responsible for a 88,200-gallon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico in May 2016.[140]
Two ruptures in a Shell Oil Co. pipeline in Altamont, California - one in September 2015 and another in May 2016 - had some questioning whether the Office of the State Fire Marshal, charged with overseeing the pipeline, was doing an adequate job.[141]

See also[edit]


Companies portal
Energy portal



Bataafse Petroleum Maatschappij
Chaco War
Lensbury
royaldutchshellplc.com
Shell Guides, a series of guidebooks
Shell V-Power
List of investors in Bernard L. Madoff Securities
List of companies based in London
Fossil fuels lobby

Notes[edit]



^ Proforma aggregate total for Royal Dutch Shell and BG Group combined.



References[edit]


^ a b c d e f g "Royal Dutch Shell plc Financial Statements". Google. Retrieved 10 July 2016. 
^ "About Shell". Shell. Retrieved 12 July 2013. 
^ "Global 500. Royal Dutch Shell". CNN. 2012. Retrieved 29 January 2013. 
^ Shell, Glencore, and Other Multinationals Dominate Their Home Economies 4 April 2013 BusinessWeek
^ Webb, Tim (17 March 2009). "Shell dumps wind, solar and hydro power in favour of biofuels". London: The Guardian. Retrieved 17 March 2013. 
^ "Wind". shell.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ "Shell at a glance". Royal Dutch Shell plc. Retrieved 30 August 2010. 
^ a b "8 Apr 2015 - Recommended Cash and Share Offer Announcement" (PDF). Royal Dutch Shell plc. Retrieved 29 October 2016. 
^ "Exploration & Production in the United States". Royal Dutch Shell plc. Archived from the original on 24 July 2011. Retrieved 30 August 2010. 
^ a b Shell and Cosan join forces for $ 12 billion ethanol venture
^ a b Fox, Justin (8 April 2015). "Stop Calling Shell an Oil Company". Bloomberg. Retrieved 29 October 2016. 
^ "Market Cap Rankings". Ycharts. Zacks Investment Research. 8 April 2012. Archived from the original on 31 March 2012. Retrieved 9 April 2012. 
^ "FTSE All-Share Index Ranking". stockchallenge.co.uk. Retrieved 1 January 2017. 
^ "Report: Qatar eyes largest piece of Shell". Upstream Online. NHST Media Group. 7 September 2012. Retrieved 8 September 2012. 
^ a b "The beginnings". shell.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ Fred Aftalion (2001). A History of the International Chemical Industry. Chemical Heritage Foundation. p. 142. ISBN 978-0-941901-29-1. 
^ Merrillees 2015, p. 60.
^ Royal Dutch Shell: History Archived 11 October 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Mark Forsyth (2011). The Etymologicon: A Circular Stroll through the Hidden Connections of the English Language. Icon Books. p. 140. ISBN 978-1-84831-319-4. 
^ Falola, Toyin; Genova, Ann (2005). The Politics of the Global Oil Industry: An Introduction. Greenwood Publishing Group. p. 30. 
^ a b F. C. Gerretson (1953). History of the Royal Dutch. Brill Archive. p. 346. GGKEY:NNJNHTLUZKG. 
^ a b F. C. Gerretson (1953). History of the Royal Dutch. Brill Archive. p. 346. GGKEY:NNJNHTLUZKG. 
^ a b c d e f g h i "The early 20th century". shell.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ Reference and contact details: GB 1566 SMBP Title:Shell-Mex and BP Archive Dates of Creation: 1900–1975 Held at: BP Archive GB 1566 SMBP
^ Peck, Merton J. & Scherer, Frederic M. The Weapons Acquisition Process: An Economic Analysis (1962) Harvard Business School p.619
^ Velschow, Klaus. "The Bombing of the Shellhus on March 21, 1945". milhist.dk. Archived from the original on 10 April 2014. Retrieved 21 April 2015. 
^ The Ferranti Mark 1* that went to Shell labs in Amsterdam, Netherlands (Dutch only)
^ "Analysis: Cash bounty lures miners into risky empire-building". Reuters. 27 September 2010. Retrieved 22 April 2011. 
^ The Shell Transport & Trading Company plc delisted from LSE
^ N.V. Koninklijke Nederlandsche Petroleum Maatschappij (English translation, Royal Dutch Petroleum Company) to Withdraw its Ordinary Shares, par value 0.56 Euro, from NYSE
^ Shell shareholders agree merger BBC News, 2005
^ "Iraq holds oil auction, Shell wins giant field". Reuters. 11 December 2009. Retrieved 22 August 2012. 
^ Pagnamenta, Robin (12 December 2009). "Shell secures vital toehold in 'the new Iraq' where oil is ready to flow". The Times. London. Retrieved 22 April 2011. 
^ 2009 Iraqi oil services contracts tender
^ "Shell bets on ethanol in $21 billion deal with Brazil's Cosan". Reuters. 1 February 2010. Retrieved 22 April 2011. 
^ "Shell to fund capital spending by selling LPG assets". 1 March 2010. Retrieved 11 March 2010. 
^ "Shell Acquires East Resources' Tight Gas Fields". Infogrok.com. 31 May 2010. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ a b Tom Bawden (17 January 2014). "Royal Dutch Shell issues shock profit warning". The Independent. London. Retrieved 24 February 2014. 
^ a b James Paton (21 February 2014). "Vitol to Pay Shell A$2.9 Billion for Australian Assets". Bloomberg. Retrieved 24 February 2014. 
^ Tiffany Hsu (8 April 2015). "Shell-BG tie-up could challenge market leader Exxon Mobil". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 8 April 2015. 
^ Rakteem Katakey (15 February 2016). "Shell Surpasses Chevron to Become No. 2 Oil Company: Chart". Bloomberg.com. 
^ Shell takes final investment decision to build a new petrochemicals complex in Pennsylvania, US Royal Dutch Shell (06/07/2016)
^ "Shell sells North Sea assets worth £2.46bn to Chrysaor". BBC News. 31 January 2017. Retrieved 10 June 2017. 
^ Williams, Nia (24 May 2017). "Shell, ConocoPhillips oil sands share selloff risks flooding market". Reuters. Retrieved 10 June 2017. 
^ Shell International Petroleum Company, Developments in Nigeria (London: March 1995)
^ "Niger Delta: Shell's manifestly false claims about oil pollution exposed, again". Amnesty International. 3 November 2015. Retrieved 26 March 2015. 
^ Shell Nigeria case: Court acquits firm on most charges, United Kingdom: BBC News, 30 January 2013 
^ "Argentinian town agrees to damages for oil spill". Radio Netherlands Worldwide. Radio Netherlands Worldwide. 18 May 2009. Retrieved 3 March 2014. 
^ "Court rules Shell must spend US$35mn on Magdalena clean-up". BNamericas. BNamericas. 22 November 2002. Retrieved 3 March 2014. 
^ Lieberman, Amy; Rust, Susanne (31 December 2015). "Big Oil braced for global warming while it fought regulations". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 22 January 2016. 
^ "Royal Dutch Shell PLC - AMEE". 
^ "From Well to Wheel: The Social, Environmental, and Climate Costs of Amazon Crude". Amazon Watch. Retrieved 27 March 2017. 
^ Carrington, Damian; Mommers, Jelmer (28 February 2017). "‘Shell knew’: oil giant's 1991 film warned of climate change danger". The Guardian. Retrieved 25 April 2017. 
^ Mommers, Jelmer; Carrington, Damian (28 February 2017). "If Shell knew climate change was dire 25 years ago, why still business as usual today?". The Correspondent. Retrieved 25 April 2017. 
^ Mommers, Jelmer (28 February 2017). "Shell made a film about climate change in 1991 (then neglected to heed its own warning)". The Correspondent. Retrieved 25 April 2017. 
^ "Royal Dutch Shell: Directors & Officers". FT.com. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Shell press release Archived 2 November 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b c d e Rik Kirkland (June 2014). "Leading in the 21st century: An interview with Shell's Ann Pickard". McKinsey & Company. McKinsey & Company. Retrieved 20 June 2014. 
^ "About Shell – The history of the Shell logo". About Shell. Shell International B.V. 15 June 2007. Archived from the original on 13 July 2010. Retrieved 10 March 2010. 
^ "Shell Haven celebrate a new jetty facility". Shell. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Business Superbrands, Editor: Marcel Knobil, Author James Curtis (2000), Superbrands Ltd. ISBN 978-0-9528153-4-1, p. 93.
^ "raymod loewy logos". designboom.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ "1980s to the new millennium – Shell Global". Shell Global. 17 December 2012. Retrieved 6 October 2013. 
^ "What we do". Shell. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Vertical integration". The Economist. 30 March 2009. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Industry Overview". Petroleum Services Association of Canada. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Facelift for Shell logo in pounds 500m 'new look' drive: Petrol giant plans to update outlets in 100 countries ready for next century". The Independent. 30 August 1993. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Shell to become full-time DJR Team Penske backer". Motorsport.com. 3 October 2016. 
^ "Post-war expansion". Shell. Retrieved 9 December 2010. 
^ "Where we operate". Shell. Archived from the original on 2 November 2010. Retrieved 9 December 2010. 
^ a b Smith, David (8 December 2010). "WikiLeaks cables: Shell's grip on Nigerian state revealed". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 9 December 2010. 
^ "Shell Group To Divest Assets In 21 African Countries". Peace FM Online. 8 April 2010. Archived from the original on 11 April 2010. 
^ Shell Denies Rumours of Planned Market Exit
^ "Stakes in four Nigerian oil fields being sold by Shell". Nigeria Sun. 27 August 2014. Retrieved 28 August 2014. 
^ "‘Inspiration’ in the skies: first Hong Kong-made plane prepares for epic world tour". Retrieved 28 July 2016. 
^ "‘Inspiration’ in the skies: first Hong Kong-made plane prepares for epic world tour". Retrieved 28 July 2016. 
^ 26 July 2016, Reuters.
^ "Pilipinas Shell Petroleum Corporation". Shell.com.ph. 17 February 2012. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ "Nasdaq.com". Nasdaq.com. 4 May 2012. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ "Report: PSE oks Pilipinas Shell’s P30B IPO". Upstream Online. Philippine Daily Inquirer. 29 September 2016. Retrieved 29 September 2016. 
^ "Shell Eastern Petroleum Ltd (SEPL), Singapore". ChemicalsTechnology. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Book "Down Many a Road", the story of Shell in Ireland from 1902 to 200 – Bob Montgomery Dreolín Publications 2002 ISBN 1-902773-11-X
^ Shell in Ireland Archived 8 August 2009 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Corrib". SubseaIQ. Bishop Interactive. Retrieved 9 August 2010. 
^ Making a big deal: the movers and shakers in Irish business Archived 30 May 2011 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Hennessy, Niamh (20 February 2008). "Topaz spending €50m re-branding Shell and Statoil stations nationwide". Archives.tcm.ie. Retrieved 17 May 2012. [dead link]
^ "7-Eleven and Shell join forces at 269 petrol stations" (Press release). Shell International B.V. 27 August 2007. Archived from the original on 29 August 2007. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ "Shell reviewing portfolio of LPG businesses" (Press release). Shell International B.V. 6 May 2010. Archived from the original on 17 May 2010. Retrieved 19 June 2010. 
^ "Shell Etsii mahdollista ostajaa Suomen toiminnoilleen" (Press release). Shell Finland. 6 April 2010. Retrieved 19 June 2010. [dead link]
^ "Keele buys Shell's Finnish and Swedish businesses" (Press release). Helsinki Times. 27 October 2010. Archived from the original on 1 August 2012. Retrieved 20 December 2011. 
^ "Reorganisation of North Sea operation to see Shell slash 250 jobs". Yahoo Finance. Retrieved 8 August 2014. 
^ Thomas C. Hayes (13 December 1990). "Shell Oil Shareholders Awarded $110 Million". The New York Times. Retrieved 27 February 2012. 
^ a b Peter Staas (3 June 2011). "Shell's Prelude FLNG Project: An Offshore Revolution?". Investing Daily. Capitol Information Group, Inc. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ a b Reuters and Associated Press (3 December 2013). "Shell's massive Prelude hull world's biggest-ever floating vessel and first ocean-based LNG plant". Financial Post. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ "Shell’s Prelude FLNG to start production in 2017?". LNG World News. 14 April 2016. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Ross Kelly (19 June 2014). "GDF Suez, Santos Halt Innovative LNG Plan in Australia". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ Matt Chambers (4 June 2013). "Geelong refinery writedown hits Shell for $203m". The Australian. Retrieved 6 June 2013. 
^ "Shell and Cosan join forces for $ 12 billion ethanol venture (Ecoseed)". 
^ "Shareholders reject Woodside plans to repurchase stake from Shell". Perth Herald. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ "SolarWorld Acquires Shell's Solar Business". RenewableEnergyWorld.com. 2 February 2006. Retrieved 18 August 2008. 
^ Shell pulls out of key wind power project, Financial Times, 1 May 2008
^ Stanley, Dean. "Shell Takes Flexible Approach to Fueling the Future". Executive View. Corland Publishing. Archived from the original on 20 August 2007. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ "Oil & Gas Giant to Build Dutch Borssele III & IV Offshore Wind Farms". Offshore Wind. 12 December 2016. Retrieved 14 December 2016. 
^ "Shell initiates Beaufort Sea oil exploration". Offshore Magazine. Pennwell Corporation. 17 March 2006. Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ Bailey, Alan (4 February 2007). "Shell proposes 18 wells". Petroleum News. 12 (5). Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ a b c d Jon Birger (3 January 2013). "What I learned aboard Shell's grounded Alaskan oil rig". Fortune Magazine. Time Inc. Retrieved 20 June 2014. 
^ Eaton, Joe (27 July 2012). "Shell Scales Back 2012 Arctic Drilling Goals". National Geographic. Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ Demer, Lisa (27 June 2012). "Shell drill rigs depart Seattle for Arctic waters in Alaska". Anchorage Daily News. Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ a b c Jerry Beilinson (1 January 2013). "What Shell's Kulluk Oil Rig Accident Means for Arctic Drilling". Popular Mechanics. Hearst Communication, Inc. Retrieved 20 June 2014. 
^ a b Phil Radford (24 May 2010). "[BP]resident Obama: Where Does BP Begin and Obama End?". The Huffington Post. Retrieved 5 October 2013. 
^ a b Mat Smith (27 February 2013). "Shell halts Arctic drill plans for 2013". CNN. Retrieved 27 February 2013. 
^ a b Terry Macalister (30 January 2014). "Shell shelves plan to drill in Alaskan Arctic this summer". The Guardian. Retrieved 3 March 2014. 
^ "The My Hero Project – Ken Saro Wiwa". Myhero.com. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ Brent Spar's long saga BBC News, 1998
^ Ek Kia, Tan (19 April 2005). "Sustainable Development in Shell" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 26 September 2007. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ G. Thomas Sims (12 April 2007). "Shell Settles With Europe on Overstated Oil Reserves". New York Times. 
^ Jill Treanor (31 May 2009). "Royal Dutch Shell to compensate shareholders for reserves scandal". The Guardian. London. 
^ Tim Fawcett (18 March 2004). "Shell's slippery slope". BBC News. 
^ Bruno, Kenny (24 January 2002). "Greenwash Award to Shell for Clouding the Issue". Campaigns. CorpWatch. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ John Vidal (13 August 2008). "Shell rapped by ASA for 'greenwash' advert". The Guardian. London. 
^ MacAlister, Terry (5 March 2007). "Shell safety record in North Sea takes a hammering". The Guardian. London. 
^ a b Ed Pilkington in New York (8 June 2009). "Shell pays out $15.5m over Saro-Wiwa killing". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ "Wiwa v. Shell". wiwavshell.org. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ "Shell settles Nigeria deaths case". BBC News. 9 June 2009. 
^ "Amnesty.org" (PDF). Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ Vogel, D. The market for virtue: The potential and limits of corporate social responsibility. 2006. p 143
^ Vidal, John (3 October 2011). "Shell oil paid Nigerian military to put down protests, court documents show". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 5 October 2011. Confidential memos, faxes, witness statements and other documents, released in 2009, show the company regularly paid the military to stop the peaceful protest movement against the pollution [...] In 2009, in a New York federal court, that evidence never saw light during the trial. 
^ Shell's Arctic oil rig departs Seattle as 'kayaktivists' warn of disaster The Guardian 15 June 2015
^ Activists protest at Shell's Finnish icebreaker rental. YLE, 16 March 2012. Retrieved 24 October 2012.
^ Laurie Tuffrey. "Greenpeace activists shut down 74 UK Shell petrol stations". the Guardian. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ Dan Joling (8 January 2013). "Salazar announces Arctic offshore drilling review; Coast Guard investigates Shell grounding". The Morning Call. The Associated Press. Retrieved 12 January 2013. [dead link]
^ Phil Radford and Benjamin Jealous (17 June 2013). "How Shell is trying to send a chill through activist groups across the country". Grist.org. Retrieved 5 October 2013. 
^ "Greenpeace protest at Shell Belgian F1 Grand Prix event – video" (Video upload). The Guardian. 27 August 2013. Retrieved 5 April 2014. 
^ "Shell abandons Alaska Arctic drilling". The Guardian. 28 September 2015. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Beekman, Daniel (14 May 2015). "More protests planned after giant oil rig muscles in". Seattle Times. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ "'Paddle in Seattle' Arctic oil drilling protest". BBC. 17 May 2015. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Vice (6 May 2015). "Shell Plans to Drill in the Arctic This Summer and It's Already Failed a Coast Guard Inspection". 
^ New York Times (12 May 2015). "Shell's Record Adds to the Anger of Those Opposing Arctic Drilling". 
^ "Oil pipeline near Tracy spills thousands of gallons of crude". Retrieved 17 June 2016. 
^ "Shell Oil Spill Dumps Thousands Of Barrels Of Crude Into Gulf Of Mexico". The Huffington Post. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Critics Question State Pipeline Oversight After 2 Altamont Oil Spills". KQUED. 10 October 2016. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 


Bibliography[edit]


"A Century in Oil" by Stephen Howarth [1997] ISBN 0-297-82247-0. A History of The "Shell" Transport and Trading Company.
"A History of Royal Dutch Shell" by Stephen Howarth and others [2007]. ISBN 978-0-19-929877-8
"Seven Sisters" by Anthony Sampson (1981) ISBN 978-0-553-23469-5
"Shell Shock: The secrets and spin of an Oil Giant" by Ian Cummins and John Beasant [2005]. ISBN 1-84018-941-X
Merrillees, Scott (2015). Jakarta: Portraits of a Capital 1950-1980. Jakarta: Equinox Publishing. ISBN 9786028397308. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Royal Dutch Shell.



Official website



Business data for Royal Dutch Shell plc:
Reuters
SEC filings



Royal Dutch Shell companies grouped at OpenCorporates
Works by Shell Union Oil Corporation at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about Royal Dutch Shell at Internet Archive
Works by Royal Dutch Shell at LibriVox (public domain audiobooks) 







v
t
e


Royal Dutch Shell



Divisions and
subsidiaries





Current




Asiatic Petroleum Company
Shell Australia
Shell Canada
Shell Chemicals
Shell Gas & Power
Ireland
Shell Nigeria
Shell Oil Company
Shell Pakistan






Former




Mexican Eagle Petroleum Company








Joint ventures





Current




Aera Energy
Albian Sands
Brunei LNG
Motiva Enterprises
Oman LNG
Pearl GTL
Sakhalin Energy






Former




Cellana
Shell-Mex and BP








Brands



Jiffy Lube
Pennzoil
Quaker State
Rain-X
Shell V-Power





People



M. King Hubbert
Fred Meissner
Gale Norton
Jorma Ollila
Rob Routs
Jeroen van der Veer
Peter Voser





Facilities and
places



Asiatic Petroleum Building
Brent Spar
Mars
Montreal East Refinery
proposed Pittsburgh ethane cracker plant
Rocky Mountain Arsenal
Scotford Upgrader
Shell Building
Shell Haven
Shell Mera
Shell Centre
Shell Centre (Calgary)
Shell Development Emeryville
Shell Mex House
One Shell Plaza
One Shell Square
Plaza Shell





Controversies



Corrib gas controversy
Movement for the Survival of the Ogoni People
Ken Saro-Wiwa
Wiwa v. Royal Dutch Shell Co.





Other



Answer Man
Club
Foundation
Guides
In Situ Conversion
Lennard's Carrying v Asiatic Petroleum
Novelty Service Station
Spectacular Sign
Turbo Chargers








 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


Petroleum industry






Petroleum
Primary energy









Benchmarks



Argus Sour
Bonny Light
Brent
Dubai
Indonesian
Isthmus-34 Light
Japan Cocktail
OPEC Reference Basket
Tapis
Urals
Western Canadian Select
West Texas Intermediate





Data




Natural gas



Consumption
Production
Reserves
Imports
Exports
Price





Petroleum



Consumption
Production
Reserves
Imports
Exports
Price (of gasoline and diesel)








Exploration



Core sampling
Geophysics
Integrated asset modelling
Petroleum engineering

Reservoir simulation
Seismic to simulation


Petroleum geology
Petrophysics
Reflection seismology (Seismic inversion)
Seismic source





Drilling



Blowout
Completion (Squeeze job)
Differential sticking
Directional drilling (Geosteering)
Drilling engineering
Drilling fluid (invasion)
Drill stem test
Lost circulation
Measurement
Tracers
Underbalanced drilling
Well logging





Production



Petroleum fiscal regime

Concessions
Production sharing agreements


Artificial lift

Pumpjack
Submersible pump (ESP)
Gas lift


Downstream
Enhanced oil recovery (EOR)

Steam injection
Gas reinjection


Midstream
Petroleum product
Pipeline transport
Refining
Upstream
Water injection
Well intervention
XT





History



1967 Oil Embargo
1973 oil crisis
1979 energy crisis
1980s oil glut
1990 oil price shock
2000s energy crisis
2010s oil glut
Founders
History of the petroleum industry
Nationalization
OPEC
GECF
Seven Sisters
Standard Oil
Oil market timelines





Provinces
and fields



List of natural gas fields
List of oil fields
East Midlands Oil Province
East Texas
Gulf of Mexico
Niger Delta
North Sea
Permian Basin
Persian Gulf
Prudhoe Bay Oil Field
Russia
Venezuela
Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin





Other topics



Acronyms
Oil shale gas
Peak oil

mitigation
timing


People
Petrocurrency
Petrodollar recycling
Shale gas
Swing producer
Unconventional oil

heavy crude
oil sands
oil shale















Companies and organisations








Major petroleum
companies





Supermajors



BP
Chevron
Eni
ExxonMobil
Royal Dutch Shell
Total






National oil
companies




ADNOC (UAE)
CNOOC (China)
CNPC (China)
Ecopetrol (Colombia)
Gazprom (Russia)
Iraq National Oil Company
Indian Oil Corporation
KazMunayGas (Kazakhstan)
Kuwait Petroleum Corporation
Lotos (Poland)
Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation
NIOC (Iran)
NISOC (Iran)
OGDCL (Pakistan)
ONGC (India)
PDVSA (Venezuela)
PKN Orlen (Poland)
Pemex (Mexico)
Pertamina (Indonesia)
PetroBangla (Bangladesh)
Petrobras (Brazil)
PetroChina
Petronas (Malaysia)
Petrovietnam
PTT (Thailand)
Qatar Petroleum
Rosneft (Russia)
Saudi Aramco (Saudi Arabia)
Sinopec (China)
SOCAR (Azerbaijan)
Sonangol (Angola)
Sonatrach (Algeria)
Statoil (Norway)
TPAO (Turkey)
YPF (Argentina)





Energy trading



Glencore
Gunvor
Mercuria
Naftiran Intertrade
Trafigura
Vitol





Other



Anadarko
Apache
BG Group
Cenovus Energy
Compañía Española de Petróleos
ConocoPhillips
Devon
Galp Energia
Hess
Husky Energy
Imperial Oil
Lukoil
Marathon Oil
Nippon Oil
Occidental
OMV
Port Harcourt Refining Company
Reliance Industries
Repsol
Suncor Energy
Surgutneftegas
TNK-BP
Tullow Oil
Tüpraş









Major services
companies




Amec Foster Wheeler
Baker Hughes
Cameron
CGG
CH2M Hill
Chicago Bridge & Iron Company
China Oilfield Services
Enbridge
Ensco
GE Oil & Gas
Halliburton
Nabors Industries
Naftiran Intertrade
National Oilwell Varco
Petrofac
Saipem
Schlumberger
Snam
Subsea 7
TransCanada
Transocean
Weatherford
Wood Group





Other



International Association of Oil & Gas Producers
International Energy Agency
International Petroleum Exchange
OPEC
Society of Petroleum Engineers
World Petroleum Council














Category
 Commons










Links to related articles











v
t
e


Energy in the United Kingdom








Companies







Coal



Anglo American
Asia Energy
BHP
ENRC
Glencore
Rio Tinto
UK Coal





Oil and gas




Integrated



BP
Royal Dutch Shell





Exploration and
production



Afren
BHP
Cairn Energy
Centrica
Dana Petroleum
Desire Petroleum
Emerald Energy
EnQuest
Essar Energy
Hardy Oil and Gas
JKX Oil & Gas
Melrose Resources
Ophir Energy
Perenco
Premier Oil
Regal Petroleum
Rockhopper Exploration
SOCO International
Star Energy
Tullow Oil





Supply



Greenergy
Murco Petroleum





Support



Abbot Group
AMEC
Ensco
Expro
Hunting
Petrofac
Qserv
Score Group
Weir Group
WesternGeco1
Wood Group








Utilities




Generation and
supply




Integrated



Centrica
EDF Energy1
E.ON UK1
RWE npower1
Scottish Power1
SSE





Generation



Drax Group
Falck Renewables
Horizon Nuclear Power1
International Power
Vattenfall United Kingdom1
Vedanta Resources





Supply



The Co-operative Energy
Ecotricity
ESB International
Extra Energy
Firmus Energy
First Utility
Good Energy
Green Energy
LoCO2 Energy
Opus Energy
Ovo Energy
Phoenix Natural Gas
Telecom Plus








Distribution




Electricity



Electricity North West1
Northern Powergrid1
SP Energy Networks1
SSE Power Distribution
UK Power Networks1
Western Power Distribution1





Gas



Firmus Energy
National Grid
Northern Gas Networks
Phoenix Natural Gas
SGN
Wales & West Utilities1








Transmission




Electricity



National Grid2
Scottish Hydro Electric Transmission
SP Energy Networks1





Gas



National Grid











Other



Aggreko
APX Group
Aquamarine Power
Ecogen
EnServe
Geothermal Engineering
Hi-Gen Power
Mark Group
Wavegen






Companies with headquarters and/or registered office in the UK but no applicable energy operations within the country shown in italics 1Ultimate parent company is not UK-based 2Integrated in the United States, no generation or supply activities in the UK














Energy sources







Coal



Coal Authority
Coal-fired power stations
Coal mines
Coal mining regions
Confederation of UK Coal Producers
Greenhouse gas emissions
History (Miners' strike
National Coal Board)
Open-pit coal mining





Electricity



Association of Electricity Producers
BritNed
East–West Interconnector
Energy switching services
Economy 7
Economy 10
Electricity billing
Green electricity
Grid Trade Master Agreement
HVDC Cross-Channel
HVDC Moyle
HVDC Norway–UK
Isle of Man to England Interconnector
National Grid

Control
Reserve Service


New Electricity Trading Arrangements
Power stations
Timeline of the electricity supply industry





Nuclear



Advanced gas-cooled reactor
Franco–British Nuclear Forum
Magnox
National Nuclear Laboratory
Nuclear Decommissioning Authority
Nuclear Liabilities Fund
Nuclear power stations
Office for Nuclear Regulation
Sellafield
United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority





Oil and gas



BBL Pipeline
Dash for Gas
Forties pipeline system
Fuel protests
Gas infrastructure
Greenhouse gas emissions
Hydrocarbon oil duty
Oil and Gas Authority
National Transmission System
Natural gas fields
Natural gas-fired power stations
North Sea oil
Oil & Gas UK
Oil fields
Oil-fired power stations
Oil infrastructure
Oil refineries
Petroleum revenue tax





Renewables




Biofuels



Biodiesel
Biofuel power stations
National Non-Food Crops Centre
Renewable Fuels Agency
Renewable Transport Fuel Obligation





Geothermal



Geothermal power stations





Hydroelectricity



Hydroelectric power stations
Severn Barrage
Wave farms





Solar power

 



Wind power



List of offshore wind farms
List of onshore wind farms
North Sea Offshore Grid
Wind power in Scotland



















Government and regulation







Organisations



Carbon Trust
Cenex
Committee on Climate Change
Department of Energy and Climate Change
Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs
Energy Saving Trust
Environment Agency
Office of Gas and Electricity Markets





Legislation and
initiatives



Carbon Emission Reduction Target
Climate Change Act 2008
Climate Change Agreement
Climate Change Levy
Climate Change and Sustainable Energy Act 2006
CRC Energy Efficiency Scheme
Display Energy Certificate
Energy Act 2013
Energy Performance Certificate
Fossil Fuel Levy
Low Carbon Building Programme
National Industrial Symbiosis Programme
Non-Fossil Fuel Obligation
Planning Act 2008
Renewable Heat Incentive
Renewables Obligation
United Kingdom Climate Change Programme
















Non-governmental organisations







Charities and
pressure groups



Ashden Award
BioRegional
Campaign against Climate Change
Centre for Alternative Technology
National Energy Action
Stop Climate Chaos
Tyndall Centre





Industry bodies



Combined Heat and Power Association
Energy Institute
Energy Networks Association
Energy Retail Association
Green Power Forum
RenewableUK
Utilities Intermediaries Association





Research



Centre for Renewable Energy Systems Technology
Energy Technologies Institute
Hadley Centre for Climate Prediction and Research
NaREC
Oil Depletion Analysis Centre
Sunbury Research Centre
UK Energy Research Centre
















Energy conservation






Association for the Conservation of Energy
British Energy Efficiency Federation
Close the Door campaign
Code for Sustainable Homes
Double Glazing & Conservatory Ombudsman Scheme
EcoHomes
Energy efficiency in British housing
Energy Saving Trust (Energy Saving Trust Recommended)
Greenhouse gas emissions
HTB
National Home Energy Rating











 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


 AEX companies of the Netherlands






Aalberts
ABN AMRO
Aegon
Ahold Delhaize
Akzo Nobel
Altice
ArcelorMittal
ASML
Boskalis
DSM
Galapagos
Gemalto
Heineken
ING
KPN
NN Group
Philips
Randstad
RELX
Royal Dutch Shell
SBM Offshore
Unibail-Rodamco
Unilever
Vopak
Wolters Kluwer












v
t
e


 FTSE 100 companies of the United Kingdom   → FTSE 250







3i
Admiral Group
Anglo American
Antofagasta
Ashtead Group
Associated British Foods
AstraZeneca
Aviva
BAE Systems
BHP
BP
Babcock International
Barclays
Barratt Developments
British American Tobacco
British Land
BT Group
Bunzl
Burberry
Carnival
Centrica
Coca-Cola HBC
Compass Group
ConvaTec
CRH
Croda International
DCC
Diageo
Direct Line Group
easyJet
Experian
Fresnillo
G4S
GKN
GlaxoSmithKline
Glencore
Hammerson
Hargreaves Lansdown
HSBC
Imperial Brands
Informa
InterContinental Hotels Group
International Airlines Group
Intertek
ITV
Johnson Matthey
Kingfisher
Land Securities Group
Legal & General
Lloyds Banking Group
London Stock Exchange Group
Marks & Spencer
Mediclinic International
Merlin Entertainments
Micro Focus International
Mondi
Morrisons
National Grid
Next
Old Mutual
Paddy Power Betfair
Pearson
Persimmon
Provident
Prudential
Randgold Resources
Royal Bank of Scotland
Reckitt Benckiser
RELX Group
Rentokil Initial
Rio Tinto Group
Rolls-Royce
Royal Dutch Shell
Royal Mail
RSA Insurance Group
Sage Group
J Sainsbury
Schroders
Scottish Mortgage Investment Trust
Segro
Severn Trent
Shire
Sky
Smith & Nephew
Smiths Group
Smurfit Kappa
SSE
Standard Chartered
Standard Life
St. James's Place
Taylor Wimpey
Tesco
TUI
Unilever
United Utilities
Vodafone
Whitbread
Wolseley
Worldpay
WPP
















 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Royal_Dutch_Shell&oldid=789456582"					
Categories: Royal Dutch ShellMultinational oil companiesOil companies of the NetherlandsOil and gas companies of the United KingdomAutomotive fuel brandsChemical companies of the NetherlandsChemical companies of the United KingdomCompanies based in LondonCompanies based in The HagueMultinational companies headquartered in the NetherlandsOrganisations based in the Netherlands with royal patronageMultinational companies based in the City of LondonNon-renewable resource companies established in 19071907 establishments in the Netherlands1907 establishments in the United KingdomCompanies listed on the London Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeEnergy companies established in 1907British companies established in 1907Companies formerly listed on the Amsterdam Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the Euronext AmsterdamDutch brandsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from February 2014Articles with dead external links from June 2014Use British English from May 2012Use dmy dates from May 2017IMO NumberOpenCorporates groupingsArticles with Project Gutenberg linksArticles with Internet Archive linksArticles with LibriVox links 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansAlemannischالعربيةবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGaeilge客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаLatinaLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPapiamentuPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng ViệtWinaray粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 7 July 2017, at 13:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 











HSBC Holdings plc Reiterates Buy Rating for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB)













Сontactos











 Home
/ Deportes
/ HSBC Holdings plc Reiterates Buy Rating for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) 



HSBC Holdings plc Reiterates Buy Rating for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB)

Alonzo Mancillas |
Domingo, Julio 23, 2017







The Royal Dutch Shell Plc (LON:RDSB) Given a GBX 2560 Price Target at Morgan Stanley
The stock increased 0.54% or $0.29 during the last trading session, reaching $54.34. Toronto-Dominion Bank (NYSE:TD) has risen 8.67% since July 21, 2016 and is uptrending.Royal Dutch Shell Plc (LON:RDSA) has received an average recommendation of "Buy" from the fifteen analysts that are now covering the stock, MarketBeat.com reports. Investors of record on Thursday, May 18th were issued a dividend of $0.47 per share. After $0.82 actual EPS reported by Royal Dutch Shell plc (ADR) for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts -8.54 % negative EPS growth. About 637,383 shares traded. Royal Dutch Shell has GBX 2850 highest and GBX 1570 lowest target. It has underperformed by 3.92% the S&P500. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and fifteen have issued a buy rating to the company's stock. Therefore 50% are positive. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://transcriptdaily.com/2017/07/22/royal-dutch-shell-plc-rdsb-receives-consensus-rating-of-buy-from-brokerages-updated-updated-updated.html. The rating was downgraded by Citigroup on Wednesday, April 19 to "Sell". Jefferies has "Buy" rating and $66.70 target. The firm has "Outperform" rating given on Tuesday, December 15 by Credit Agricole.
The Royal Dutch Shell plc explores for natural gas and crude oil around the world, both in conventional fields and from sources, such as tight rock, shale and coal formations. The company's market capitalization is GBX 170.15 billion. The Company's segments include Integrated Gas, Upstream, Downstream and Corporate. It has a 29.08 P/E ratio. The Integrated Gas segment is engaged in the liquefaction and transportation of gas and the conversion of natural gas to liquids to provide fuels and other products, as well as projects with an integrated activity, ranging from producing to commercializing gas. UBS AG set a GBX 2,500 ($32.65) price objective on shares of Royal Dutch Shell Plc and gave the stock a "buy" rating in a report on Monday, March 6th. Royal Dutch Shell had 142 analyst reports since July 31, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. Jefferies maintained the stock with "Buy" rating in Friday, June 23 report. The company was upgraded on Wednesday, October 14 by Argus Research. The stock of Royal Dutch Shell plc (ADR) (NYSE:RDS.A) has "Hold" rating given on Wednesday, August 5 by TheStreet. The firm earned "Buy" rating on Tuesday, February 16 by Bank of America. HSBC Holdings plc reaffirmed a buy rating and set a GBX 2,700 ($35.26) price target on shares of Royal Dutch Shell Plc in a research note on Thursday, April 13th. The rating was maintained by Societe Generale on Wednesday, November 2 with "Buy".Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.




Latest News
 

Perdió Brown de Madryn, si gana Chaca asciende a Primera



Dallas Cowboys workout running backs Denard Robinson, Ronnie Hillman



Se confirman las sanciones para Henry Romero y Darwin Cerén



El Barcelona confía en que Neymar continuará entre sus fichas



Duelo pendiente entre Colo Colo y La Serena por Copa Chile ya tiene fecha definitiva



ANFP entregó la reprogramación oficial del partido entre Colo Colo y Deportes La Serena — Ahora sí



Un jugador dejó el fútbol para donarle el hígado a su sobrino



Harmanpreet Kaur set for promotion at Western Railway



Leo Valencia no puede jugar en Brasil por un juicio familiar



Rory McIlroy lies five shots behind leader Jordan Spieth at the Open



Juventus & Emre Can agree terms; Liverpool face two choices



Manchester United boss Mourinho raves about West Ham triple swoop



Spieth leads outright at The Open Championship, Stone makes the cut



Brewers activate Sogard from DL, send down Broxton











Domingo, Julio 23, 2017  





Popular news



United States  withholds military reimbursement to Pakistan for insufficient counter-terrorism action 
				With the Secretary's decision, there is no additional FY16 CSF available to Pakistan . Mattis' latest decision affects the remaining $50 million.


Liberty Global Plc (LBTYK) Shareholder Spo Advisory Corp Upped Holding 
				TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was originally reported by Markets Daily and is the sole property of of Markets Daily. Finally, Janney Montgomery Scott LLC increased its position in shares of Liberty Global PLC by 15.4% in the first quarter.


Donald Trump Has Been Tweeting Like A Fucking Madman All Morning 
				Trump would be well-advised to forget Hillary and concentrate on dealing with the scandals destroying his administration. Jeff Sessions .These illegal leaks, like Comey's , must stop! Trump tweeted Saturday morning.


Deal on Russia, Iran sanctions clears path for House vote 
				The bill raises the threshold for when US firms would be prohibited from being part of energy projects that also included Russian businesses.


Boasson Hagen gana la etapa 19 del Tour de Francia 
				El jueves se disputa la segunda etapa alpina , con llegada al Izoard . " Colombia ya estaba acostumbrada a ser segunda con Nairo". Ahora a vivir el presente y dejar atrás los resultados que se van consiguiendo a lo largo de la carrera deportiva.


Una cabra nació con rostro de 'humano' en Argentina 
				Desde ese momento se viralizó a tal punto que medios nacionales se hicieron eco de la noticia.  Su rostro deformado se hizo viral en las redes sociales.


Man held for 'flashing' German woman pursuing PhD from JNU 
				Having arrived in India a year ago , she had taken a rented accommodation in Greater Kailash 2. A case under various sections of the Indian Penal Code were registered against the accused.


Localizan predio donde Zetas incineraban a sus víctimas 
				Cabe destacar que hace más de un año la Fiscalía recogió restos óseos que correspondían a 29 cuerpos en otros terrenos de esa zona.


Tigres es el mejor equipo de los últimos años: Chiquis García 
				Estamos prácticamente completos, solo esperamos a Moisés Muñoz, que está en la Selección y la llegada de un último refuerzo.


MLB Predictions: Will the Dodgers beat the Braves on the runline? 7/21/17v 
				Garcia (4-7), picked up the win, allowing three runs on seven hits with one walk and four strikeouts in seven strong innings. Being a very unlikely candidate to do so, as he is a career.149 hitter and had only hit two home runs prior in his career.


AICM se ampara contra recomendaciones de la Cofece 
				En días pasados la Cofece emitió 13 recomendaciones, de las cuales 11 están perfectamente alineadas con las bases de la Dirección General de Aeronáutica Civil.


The reason that the Twins-Braves Jaime Garcia trade 'stalled' 
				Shoulder trouble derailed his career with the Cardinals , but he did make 30 starts in 2016 and has had no issues this year. Corey Seager got the scoring started in the first inning with a solo shot to centerfield for his 16 home run of the season.


Kobach: 'We May Never Know' If Clinton Won Popular Vote 
				And so it's impossible to ever know exactly, if you took out all the ineligible votes, what the final tally would be in that election.


"Los números del INDEC son una burla a los cordobeses" — Schiaretti 
				En contraposición el Gobernador dijo que la administración provincial está elaborando una medición propia que se difundirán en septiembre.


United States  lawmakers reach deal on Russian Federation  sanctions bill, creating limits for Trump 
				Bob Corker, R-Tenn., and Benjamin Cardin, D-Md., the leaders of the Senate Foreign Relations Committees. If the bill passes the House and Senate, Trump will be forced to determine the law's fate.







Follow Us









Categories


Mundo


Medicina


Deportes


Tecnología


Espectáculos


Negocios






Recommended stories



Perdió Brown de Madryn, si gana Chaca asciende a Primera




Dallas Cowboys workout running backs Denard Robinson, Ronnie Hillman




Se confirman las sanciones para Henry Romero y Darwin Cerén




El Barcelona confía en que Neymar continuará entre sus fichas




Duelo pendiente entre Colo Colo y La Serena por Copa Chile ya tiene fecha definitiva




ANFP entregó la reprogramación oficial del partido entre Colo Colo y Deportes La Serena — Ahora sí




Un jugador dejó el fútbol para donarle el hígado a su sobrino




Harmanpreet Kaur set for promotion at Western Railway




Leo Valencia no puede jugar en Brasil por un juicio familiar




Rory McIlroy lies five shots behind leader Jordan Spieth at the Open




Juventus & Emre Can agree terms; Liverpool face two choices




Manchester United boss Mourinho raves about West Ham triple swoop




Celtics expect Isaiah Thomas to play in Game 2 vs. Bulls




Updated NCAA Bracket 2017: Elite Eight Set




Raiders finally get a visit from LB Zach Brown
















HSBC Holdings plc Reiterates Buy Rating for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB)













Сontactos











 Home
/ Deportes
/ HSBC Holdings plc Reiterates Buy Rating for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) 



HSBC Holdings plc Reiterates Buy Rating for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB)

Alonzo Mancillas |
Domingo, Julio 23, 2017







The Royal Dutch Shell Plc (LON:RDSB) Given a GBX 2560 Price Target at Morgan Stanley
The stock increased 0.54% or $0.29 during the last trading session, reaching $54.34. Toronto-Dominion Bank (NYSE:TD) has risen 8.67% since July 21, 2016 and is uptrending.Royal Dutch Shell Plc (LON:RDSA) has received an average recommendation of "Buy" from the fifteen analysts that are now covering the stock, MarketBeat.com reports. Investors of record on Thursday, May 18th were issued a dividend of $0.47 per share. After $0.82 actual EPS reported by Royal Dutch Shell plc (ADR) for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts -8.54 % negative EPS growth. About 637,383 shares traded. Royal Dutch Shell has GBX 2850 highest and GBX 1570 lowest target. It has underperformed by 3.92% the S&P500. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and fifteen have issued a buy rating to the company's stock. Therefore 50% are positive. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://transcriptdaily.com/2017/07/22/royal-dutch-shell-plc-rdsb-receives-consensus-rating-of-buy-from-brokerages-updated-updated-updated.html. The rating was downgraded by Citigroup on Wednesday, April 19 to "Sell". Jefferies has "Buy" rating and $66.70 target. The firm has "Outperform" rating given on Tuesday, December 15 by Credit Agricole.
The Royal Dutch Shell plc explores for natural gas and crude oil around the world, both in conventional fields and from sources, such as tight rock, shale and coal formations. The company's market capitalization is GBX 170.15 billion. The Company's segments include Integrated Gas, Upstream, Downstream and Corporate. It has a 29.08 P/E ratio. The Integrated Gas segment is engaged in the liquefaction and transportation of gas and the conversion of natural gas to liquids to provide fuels and other products, as well as projects with an integrated activity, ranging from producing to commercializing gas. UBS AG set a GBX 2,500 ($32.65) price objective on shares of Royal Dutch Shell Plc and gave the stock a "buy" rating in a report on Monday, March 6th. Royal Dutch Shell had 142 analyst reports since July 31, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. Jefferies maintained the stock with "Buy" rating in Friday, June 23 report. The company was upgraded on Wednesday, October 14 by Argus Research. The stock of Royal Dutch Shell plc (ADR) (NYSE:RDS.A) has "Hold" rating given on Wednesday, August 5 by TheStreet. The firm earned "Buy" rating on Tuesday, February 16 by Bank of America. HSBC Holdings plc reaffirmed a buy rating and set a GBX 2,700 ($35.26) price target on shares of Royal Dutch Shell Plc in a research note on Thursday, April 13th. The rating was maintained by Societe Generale on Wednesday, November 2 with "Buy".Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.




Latest News
 

Perdió Brown de Madryn, si gana Chaca asciende a Primera



Dallas Cowboys workout running backs Denard Robinson, Ronnie Hillman



Se confirman las sanciones para Henry Romero y Darwin Cerén



El Barcelona confía en que Neymar continuará entre sus fichas



Duelo pendiente entre Colo Colo y La Serena por Copa Chile ya tiene fecha definitiva



ANFP entregó la reprogramación oficial del partido entre Colo Colo y Deportes La Serena — Ahora sí



Un jugador dejó el fútbol para donarle el hígado a su sobrino



Harmanpreet Kaur set for promotion at Western Railway



Leo Valencia no puede jugar en Brasil por un juicio familiar



Rory McIlroy lies five shots behind leader Jordan Spieth at the Open



Juventus & Emre Can agree terms; Liverpool face two choices



Manchester United boss Mourinho raves about West Ham triple swoop



Spieth leads outright at The Open Championship, Stone makes the cut



Brewers activate Sogard from DL, send down Broxton











Domingo, Julio 23, 2017  





Popular news



United States  withholds military reimbursement to Pakistan for insufficient counter-terrorism action 
				With the Secretary's decision, there is no additional FY16 CSF available to Pakistan . Mattis' latest decision affects the remaining $50 million.


Liberty Global Plc (LBTYK) Shareholder Spo Advisory Corp Upped Holding 
				TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was originally reported by Markets Daily and is the sole property of of Markets Daily. Finally, Janney Montgomery Scott LLC increased its position in shares of Liberty Global PLC by 15.4% in the first quarter.


Donald Trump Has Been Tweeting Like A Fucking Madman All Morning 
				Trump would be well-advised to forget Hillary and concentrate on dealing with the scandals destroying his administration. Jeff Sessions .These illegal leaks, like Comey's , must stop! Trump tweeted Saturday morning.


Deal on Russia, Iran sanctions clears path for House vote 
				The bill raises the threshold for when US firms would be prohibited from being part of energy projects that also included Russian businesses.


Boasson Hagen gana la etapa 19 del Tour de Francia 
				El jueves se disputa la segunda etapa alpina , con llegada al Izoard . " Colombia ya estaba acostumbrada a ser segunda con Nairo". Ahora a vivir el presente y dejar atrás los resultados que se van consiguiendo a lo largo de la carrera deportiva.


Una cabra nació con rostro de 'humano' en Argentina 
				Desde ese momento se viralizó a tal punto que medios nacionales se hicieron eco de la noticia.  Su rostro deformado se hizo viral en las redes sociales.


Man held for 'flashing' German woman pursuing PhD from JNU 
				Having arrived in India a year ago , she had taken a rented accommodation in Greater Kailash 2. A case under various sections of the Indian Penal Code were registered against the accused.


Localizan predio donde Zetas incineraban a sus víctimas 
				Cabe destacar que hace más de un año la Fiscalía recogió restos óseos que correspondían a 29 cuerpos en otros terrenos de esa zona.


Tigres es el mejor equipo de los últimos años: Chiquis García 
				Estamos prácticamente completos, solo esperamos a Moisés Muñoz, que está en la Selección y la llegada de un último refuerzo.


MLB Predictions: Will the Dodgers beat the Braves on the runline? 7/21/17v 
				Garcia (4-7), picked up the win, allowing three runs on seven hits with one walk and four strikeouts in seven strong innings. Being a very unlikely candidate to do so, as he is a career.149 hitter and had only hit two home runs prior in his career.


AICM se ampara contra recomendaciones de la Cofece 
				En días pasados la Cofece emitió 13 recomendaciones, de las cuales 11 están perfectamente alineadas con las bases de la Dirección General de Aeronáutica Civil.


The reason that the Twins-Braves Jaime Garcia trade 'stalled' 
				Shoulder trouble derailed his career with the Cardinals , but he did make 30 starts in 2016 and has had no issues this year. Corey Seager got the scoring started in the first inning with a solo shot to centerfield for his 16 home run of the season.


Kobach: 'We May Never Know' If Clinton Won Popular Vote 
				And so it's impossible to ever know exactly, if you took out all the ineligible votes, what the final tally would be in that election.


"Los números del INDEC son una burla a los cordobeses" — Schiaretti 
				En contraposición el Gobernador dijo que la administración provincial está elaborando una medición propia que se difundirán en septiembre.


United States  lawmakers reach deal on Russian Federation  sanctions bill, creating limits for Trump 
				Bob Corker, R-Tenn., and Benjamin Cardin, D-Md., the leaders of the Senate Foreign Relations Committees. If the bill passes the House and Senate, Trump will be forced to determine the law's fate.







Follow Us









Categories


Mundo


Medicina


Deportes


Tecnología


Espectáculos


Negocios






Recommended stories



Perdió Brown de Madryn, si gana Chaca asciende a Primera




Dallas Cowboys workout running backs Denard Robinson, Ronnie Hillman




Se confirman las sanciones para Henry Romero y Darwin Cerén




El Barcelona confía en que Neymar continuará entre sus fichas




Duelo pendiente entre Colo Colo y La Serena por Copa Chile ya tiene fecha definitiva




ANFP entregó la reprogramación oficial del partido entre Colo Colo y Deportes La Serena — Ahora sí




Un jugador dejó el fútbol para donarle el hígado a su sobrino




Harmanpreet Kaur set for promotion at Western Railway




Leo Valencia no puede jugar en Brasil por un juicio familiar




Rory McIlroy lies five shots behind leader Jordan Spieth at the Open




Juventus & Emre Can agree terms; Liverpool face two choices




Manchester United boss Mourinho raves about West Ham triple swoop




Celtics expect Isaiah Thomas to play in Game 2 vs. Bulls




Updated NCAA Bracket 2017: Elite Eight Set




Raiders finally get a visit from LB Zach Brown
















Morgan Stanley reiterated Royal Dutch Shell (LON:RDSA) to Overweight in a report released today.





























































Headlines
Business
Technology
Economy
Personal Finance



MenuHeadlines
Business
Technology
Economy
Personal Finance



























Don't Miss

Peet’s Buys Majority Stake in Another Coffee Chain
Walgreen Records 4Q Loss As Expected
Ebay Plans To Spin off PayPal
Tibco Taken Private by Vista Equity for $4.3 Billion
Athlon Energy (ATHL) Up Big On Buyout News
Dave & Buster’s IPO Terms Set, $16-$18 Per Share













Home / Investing / Morgan Stanley reiterated Royal Dutch Shell (LON:RDSA)  to Overweight in a report released today.

Morgan Stanley reiterated Royal Dutch Shell (LON:RDSA)  to Overweight in a report released today.


By Al Wild


Updated: July 22, 2017




Yesterday Royal Dutch Shell (LON:RDSA) traded -0.69% lower at 2,063.75GBX.  The company’s 50-day moving average is 2,076.92GBX and its 200-day moving average is 2,117.62GBX.  The last closing price is down -1.82% from the 200-day moving average, compared to the S&P 500 which has increased 0.07% over the same time period.  5,590,638 shares of Royal Dutch Shell exchanged hands, up from an avg. volume of 5,099,730 
Morgan Stanley has reiterated Royal Dutch Shell (LON:RDSA)  to Overweight in a report released on 07/17/2017.  
Previously on 7/13/2017, JP Morgan Cazenove reported on Royal Dutch Shell (LON:RDSA) reduced the target price from 2,600.00GBX to 2,400.00GBX.  At the time, this indicated a possible upside of 0.16%.
Performance Chart

With a total market value of 0 GBX, Royal Dutch Shell has  with a 52 week low of 1,791.00GBX and a 52 week high of 2,295.50GBX .
In addition to Morgan Stanley reporting its stock price target, a total of 25 analysts have released a research note on Royal Dutch Shell.  The 12-month price target is 26.81GBX with eight brokerages rating the company a strong buy, fourteen brokerages rating the company a buy, nine equity analysts rating the company a hold, 1 broker rating the stock a underperform, and finally 0 brokers rating the stock a sell.
About Royal Dutch Shell (LON:RDSA)
Royal Dutch Shell plc (Shell) is an independent oil and gas company, based in the United Kingdom. It operates in three segments: Upstream, Downstream and Corporate. Upstream combines the operating segments Upstream International and Upstream Americas, which are engaged in searching for and recovering crude oil and natural gas, the liquefaction and transportation of gas, the extraction of bitumen from oil sands and converting it into synthetic crude oil, and wind energy. Downstream segment is engaged in manufacturing, distribution and marketing activities for oil products and chemicals, alternative energy (excluding wind), and carbon dioxide (CO2) management. Corporate segment represents the key support functions, such as Shell's holdings, treasury and self-insurance organization. In January 2014, Royal Dutch Shell plc completed the acquisition of Repsol S.A.'s liquefied natural gas (LNG) portfolio outside North America. In June 2014, Shell sold 19% in Woodside Petroleum Limited.

Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.












Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 

 


















More News



Darden Restaurants, Inc. (NYSE:DRI) has been downgraded  to Buy in a statement by BidaskClub earlier today.
Having a price of $88.95, Darden...




BidaskClub downgraded Customers Bancorp Inc (NYSE:CUBI)  to Strong Sell in a report released today.
Just yesterday Customers Bancorp Inc (NYSE:CUBI)...




BidaskClub downgraded Quest Diagnostics Inc (NYSE:DGX)  to Buy in a statement released earlier today.
Having a price of $109.03, Quest...




Bottomline Technologies (NASDAQ:EPAY) has been upgraded  to Buy in a statement by BidaskClub earlier today.
Boasting a price of $27.27, Bottomline...




Caesars Entertainment Corp (NASDAQ:CZR) has been upgraded  to Buy in a statement by BidaskClub earlier today.
Boasting a price of $12.50, Caesars...




CVB Financial Corp. (NASDAQ:CVBF) has been downgraded  to Sell in a statement by BidaskClub earlier today.
Boasting a price of $22.15, CVB...




Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ:EGRX) has been downgraded  to Sell in a statement by BidaskClub earlier today.
BidaskClub has downgraded Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc...




CU Bancorp (NASDAQ:CUNB) has been downgraded  to Sell in a statement by BidaskClub earlier today.
Boasting a price of $35.80, CU...




Delek US Holdings Inc (NYSE:DK) has been downgraded  to Buy in a statement by BidaskClub earlier today.
Having a price of $25.59, Delek...




Eldorado Resorts Inc (NASDAQ:ERI) has been downgraded  to Hold in a statement by BidaskClub earlier today.
Having a price of $19.30, Eldorado...














About Breaking Finance News
Contributors
Contact
Privacy Policy



Copyright © 2015 Breaking Finance News































   4 Things Royal Dutch Shell’s CFO Thinks You Should Know – Royal Dutch Shell Plc  .com

 


















































 























Royal Dutch Shell Plc  .com
News and information on Royal Dutch Shell Plc 

Skip to Content ↓

Home
Contact Us
Disclaimer
Privacy
Shell Blog
Shell Online Library




 


4 Things Royal Dutch Shell’s CFO Thinks You Should Know

Jul 17th, 2017
by John Donovan. 










READ MORE
Share this:FacebookTwitterEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading... 

Posted in: Jessica Uhl, Oil, Royal Dutch Shell Plc, Shell, The Motley Fool.
Tagged: Royal Dutch Shell Plc · Shell



← Inquest on Shell’s Sudden Irish Gas Exit
Kiobel Writ: INTERNATIONAL JURISDICTION OF DUTCH COURTS →





0 Comments on “4 Things Royal Dutch Shell’s CFO Thinks You Should Know”

Leave a Comment


Name (required)

Email (required) (will not be published)

Website (optional)





 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email.






Subscribe to Feed






DISCLAIMER
This is not a Shell website. Click on Disclaimer link at top of page for more information. 


Meta

Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org 

AN OPEN WOUND FOR SHELL SAYS FT

OUR SISTER WEBSITE

**** RoyalDutchShellGroup.com ****

John Donovan’s ebooks
EBOOK TITLE: “SIR HENRI DETERDING AND THE NAZI HISTORY OF ROYAL DUTCH SHELL” – AVAILABLE ON AMAZON
EBOOK TITLE: “JOHN DONOVAN, SHELL’S NIGHTMARE: MY EPIC FEUD WITH THE UNSCRUPULOUS OIL GIANT ROYAL DUTCH SHELL” – AVAILABLE ON AMAZON.
EBOOK TITLE: “TOXIC FACTS ABOUT SHELL REMOVED FROM WIKIPEDIA: HOW SHELL BECAME THE MOST HATED BRAND IN THE WORLD” – AVAILABLE ON AMAZON.


  









 





Recent Comments
HR Watcher on Shell BlogFegalo Nsuke on Shell Blogextankerdriver on Shell BlogNigeria: Kiobel Writ: OGONI 9 SHOW TRIAL: ill-treatment of lawyers and family members | IAPL Monitoring Committee on Attacks on Lawyers on Kiobel Writ: OGONI 9 SHOW TRIAL: ill-treatment of lawyers and family membersShell EP Irish Exit on Shell Blog
SHELL BLOG


Comments




All


Latest on Fri, 12:04 amHR Watcher: I feel sorry for that young lady who is making claims against shell oil. Here across the US discrimination is common place in shell locations. its part of normal life. It is just always swept under the carpet unless if there is physical contact involved or a guy they want to fire already.  i have lots of examples of this happening. i one day hope i can say more but at the moment i have kids to feed and i don't want shell to track me down! yes shame on me i know.Fegalo Nsuke: The Nigerian state pretends not to know the truth about  the pains of the Ogoni people and the discrimination against the minorities of the Niger Delta whose resources have funded our federal budgets and supports our predominantly poor states which cannot survive without federal subventions.

Shell and Nigeria has consciously and completely destroyed the Niger Delta and particularly Ogoniland. Today, one Nigerian Petroleum Development Company (NPDC) is shamelessly making moves to re-enter Ogoniland for oil. It is ridiculous to imagine that despite repeated warnings and a rejection of this pest-like company, the NPDC continuous its corrupt traits for which it is widely known and want to get the Ogoni oil through the back-door.

The NPDC is Nigeria's oil drilling company, it epitomizes the true attitude of the Nigerian state towards the Ogoni people. Shamelessly and callously looking at the face of a dying population and telling them "we will kill you and take your oil". And as usual, Nigeria will certainly be willing to provide its security forces to shoot and kill any resistance just as they have always done.

It is quite disturbing to see our country not bother about its mighty army showing its strength against a small and peaceful struggle like that of the Ogoni while the government offers amnesty to Niger Delta civilians who managed to gain access to arms and will perpetually look for negotiators with the Boko Haram insurgents. I see it as a national shame to send our well trained army against a peaceful and civil protest.

All Nigeria care about is the Ogoni oil. They want it at all cost and will kill for it like we saw in 1995 with the hanging of Ken Saro-Wiwa and 8 others. For over 50 years, they have shown this brutal attitude towards the oil producing Niger Delta and that attitude has not changed.

On Sunday, July 16, 2017, I was in Biara in Gokana local government area where reports of pipe laying activities had surfaced. One Kagbara (full name withheld) came with the complaint. We confirmed the massive land grading in parts of Biara in Gokana local government area. In Nigeria, I see a government that should promote human dignity, care and protect becoming so oppressive acting in utter disregard to the sensitivities of its own people.

But Nigeria, Shell or the NPDC can be sure that Ogoni will not surrender to this harassment and intimidation. We will all match down to the oil fields to protest this unending abuse and disregard for our rejection of all forms of oil production in Ogoniland for now.

Unfortunately, our leaders do not seem to bother about our dignity and the need to protect the integrity of our armed forces. They continue to abuse and ridicule our soldiers.

As the struggle for a better society continues, the current moves regarding the un-permitted invasion of parts of Ogoniland should be seen as an invitation for the people to fight for what belongs to them. As a people, we cannot be silent in the face of this affront.

Shell and her ally, the NPDC are at it again and let it be known that another round of bloodshed is about to take place in Ogoniland because as a people, we are bound to say "NO" to any form of oil production activity in Ogoniland.
The writer, Fegalo Nsuke is the Publicity Secretary of The Movement for the Survival of the Ogoni People (MOSOP) He wrote from Port Harcourt, Nigeria.extankerdriver: Under the Hood of Shell’s $100 Million Loyalty Program
several years ago, shell made the mistake of disbanding their trucking fleet, and leasing the retail locations to wholesalers, who now control the rents, and the price of the fuel the dealers pay. the wholesalers purchase the fuel from shell, and resell it to the dealers, adding on a few cents profit, plus a charge to have a carrier deliver it to the station. this leaves the shell dealers unable to compete with the other area stations. in my local area, the shell station is charging 38 cents more per gallon for regular, self service cash, and up to 60 cents more for credit, while 3 other major brand stations are the same price (38 cents less) for cash or credit! 3 or 5 cents a gallon is not a big deal, but 38 cents has sent many long time loyal customers defecting to the competition.Shell EP Irish Exit: So Shell is due to get €830m upfront for selling its Corrib stake holding. Any further payment is dependent on exceeding production targets and also partly on gas prices. Not the outcome Shell would have wished but the best obtainable after it has long worn out its welcome. Green Goblin: I am surprised that Shell is still able to operate the way it does despite OPL 245, illegal cover up of oil spills, spectacular uturn on the arctic, animal testing, being the cause of earthquakes in Groningen, spying by Shell Security and Government teams, screwing over its pensioners and many many more  disgraceful actions. bad management and refusal to listen to staff concerns is whats destroying the company. The company has lost its way and its morals and what it used to stand for.Money Laundering: I commend you on your article Shell Money Laundering for Saudi Arabia

As the NGO Global Witness pointed out earlier this year in relation to the OPL 245 corruption scandal, nobody should be above the law, even the mighty Royal Dutch Shell enterprise. 

Global Witness and The Corner House have campaigned and exposed the corruption around the OPL 245 deal for several years. In 2011, Shell and Eni paid $1.1 billion to Malabu Oil and Gas, a front company secretly owned by a former Nigerian oil minister. Prosecutors have alleged that over US$500m went to “fronts for [former] President Goodluck Jonathan of Nigeria”. This crooked deal deprived Nigeria’s people of a sum worth 80% of its 2015 healthcare budget. Shell and Eni have always denied that they knew the money would go to Malabu, but documents seen by Global Witness show that the companies constructed the deal knowing that the money would flow ultimately to Etete’s company.John Donovan: With regards to the matter raised by Jazmin Anderson, it may indeed be a scam - see FRAUD AND SCAM ALERT on the Shell.com website. It should be easy to verify whether any documents purported to be Shell documents are authentic or fake. If fake, then the scam should immediately be reported to the appropriate police authority.FAO JAzmin: Sounds like a classic 419 scam to me !!Jazmin Anderson: To Mr. John Donovan:

Thank you, Mr. Donovan, for the kind attention. I will provide and email you the details of my husband's ordeal. I also tried to reach Shell Global Hotline but I am not sure if they even entertain such circumstance especially coming from an ordinary person like myself. 

I am grateful for this opportunity to obtain all the help, referral, and assistance I could get. 

Sincerely, I remain.John Donovan: Message to "Jazmin Anderson"
We published your appeal for information concerning "Patrick Blinks". You have followed this up with various allegations in a further posting submitted for publication. Before we proceed further, please provide a detailed account of the background to this story, ideally in chronological order and with supporting evidence. We would then put the allegations directly to Shell CEO Mr Ben van Burden so that Shell has the opportunity to investigate and respond if it wishes to do so. 
Any further publication by us will depend on the information you supply and any response by Shell. Please send to [email protected] Jazmin Anderson: Hello All,
I have read some of the blogs here from former employees of Shell and I would like to ask if you know someone by the name of “Patrick Blinks”. He is a Purchasing Officer / Contractor with Shell and currently has a project in the Gulf of Mexico (in a rig called “Taiwan Ocean”).
My husband is the Project Manager and he and his workers have been there for five months now. The project is done. Although there were some issues with the pipes being damaged, my husband’s team were able to extract barrels of crude oil. Right now, the problem is, “Patrick Blinks” would like to get his workers paid BEFORE letting my husband and his team to leave. This is not possible at all since they don’t have any access to any bank. My husband asked Mr. Blinks to let him go to his bank so he could get some money out and Mr. Blinks don’t want to do that and does not even answer phone calls or emails. 
I have been searching for “Patrick Blinks” so I could speak to him either in person or by phone and to let my husband leave the Gulf for health reasons. 
If any one of you, by any chance, who knows this person or know someone who may be associated with him, please inform me right away. I have limited communication with my husband and I am helping them to get out of the Gulf. Moreso, since there was contract signed, Shell and its legal department cannot assist. 
Thank you all for your time and effort and with sincere gratitude for your help…Trekkie: Role of a hapless Ann Pickard in OPL 245
Many people heaved a sigh of relief when she left Shell. She was the result of the positive discrimination process. 
 Comments RSS Feed
 » Post a comment



Name



Comment









Categories

A/S NORSKE SHELL

Adolf Hitler

Africa

Alaska

Alfred Donovan

Allseas

Alternative Energy

Alternative Fuels

Amnesty International

Andrew Brown

Arctic

Associated Press

Australia

Barnaby Pace

BBC News

Ben van Beurden

BG Group

Bidness Etc

Bill Campbell

Biofuel

Bloomberg

BP

Brazil

Brent Bravo Scandal

Brexit

Bribery

Bruce Culpepper

Bruce Forsyth

Brunei

Business Principles

Business Week

Cairn Energy

Canada

Carbon Capture

Chad Holliday

Channa Samkalden

Chevron

China

Chris Finlayson

Chukchi Sea

Climate Change

Conoco Phillips

Corporate Governance

Corrib Gas Project

Corruption

Crockett Oaks III

Daily Express

Daily Mail

Daily Mirror

Daily Telegraph

Don Marketing

Donny Ching

Dr. Barinem Kiobel

Dr. John Huong

EarthRights International

Ed Vulliamy

Eni

Environment

Esther Kiobel

EU

Exxon Mobil

Finance Uncovered

Forbes

Fracking

Friends of the Earth

Garda

Gas

Gas-to-liquids

Gazprom

Germany

Global Witness

GoogleNews

Greenpeace

Grenfell Tower

Groningen Earthquakes

Gulf of Alaska

Gulf of Mexico

Guy Colegate

Hakluyt & Co

Hans Bouman

Harry Brekelmans

Houston Chronicle

Human Rights

I.G. Farben

Ian McCredie

India

International Herald Tribune

Iran

Iraq

Ireland

Irish Times

Jeroen van der Veer

Jesse Colombo

Jessica Uhl

Johan Groenewald OSOC

John Abbott

John Copleston

John Donovan

Jorma Ollila

Kashagan

Ken Saro-Wiwa

Kieron McFadyen

Leaked Shell Emails

Libya

Linda Cook

Linda Szymanski

Litigation

LNG

Los Angeles Times

Maarten Wetselaar

Malaysia

Malcolm Brinded

Marvin Odum

Matthias Bichsel

Maurah Harrington

Michael Crothers

Michiel Brandjes

Militant attacks

Motiva

Mr Justice Laddie

NAM

Netherlands

New York Times

Newsweek

Nigeria

Ogoni 9

Ogoniland

Oil

Oil Company Profits

Oil Price Fixing

Oil Prices

Oil Sands

Oil Spill

oilprice.com

OPEC

OPL 245

OSSL

Our Shell Leaflets

Outspoken Articles

Paddy Briggs

Paul Goodfellow

Peak Oil

Pearl GTL Project

Peter Rees QC

Peter Voser

Photographs

Pieter Schelte

Pollution

Prakken d’Oliveira

Prelude FLNG Project

President Obama

President Putin

President Trump

Private

Professor Richard Steiner

Profits Warning

Reserves

Reuters

Rhenania-Ossag

Rich Denny

Richard Wiseman

Rossport Five

Royal Dutch Petroleum Company

Royal Dutch Shell Firesale

Royal Dutch Shell Nazi Secrets

Royal Dutch Shell Plc

Royal Dutch Shell Unification

royaldutchshellgroup.com

RoyalDutchShellPlc.com

Runar Kjørsvik

Russia

Sakhalin II

Saudi Aramco

Seeking Alpha

Shale Gas

Shale Oil

Shell

Shell AGM

Shell Blog

Shell BP Merger

Shell Data Breach

Shell Employee Safety

Shell GameChanger

SHELL GLOBAL SECURITY

Shell Greenwash

Shell Ideas360

Shell IP Theft

Shell Job Cuts

Shell Midstream Partners

Shell Nazi Secrets

Shell Oil Reserves Scandal

Shell Pension Fund

Shell Project Delays

Shell Project Overruns

Shell Spying

Shell Tax Avoidance

Shell to Sea Campaign

Shell Transport and Trading Co

Shell-Motiva

Shell's nightmare

ShellNews.net

Simon Henry

Sinead Lynch

Sir Henri Deterding

Sir Henri Deterding and the Nazi History of Royal Dutch Shell

Sir Mark Moody-Stuart

Sir Philip Watts

Statoil

Tainted Gas

The Independent

The Motley Fool

The Times

The Washington Post

Tom Purves

Tony Blair

Total

TOUCH F*** ALL

Toxic contamination

Twister B.V.

Ukraine

Unconventionals

United States

Walter van de Vijver

WikiLeaks

Wikipedia







© 2017 Royal Dutch Shell Plc  .com | Powered by WordPress
PrimePress theme by Ravi Varma







Royal Dutch Shell plc .com Cookies Policy
Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience.  Please visit our Privacy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close








Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			

















%d bloggers like this:





  RDSA:London Stock Quote - Royal Dutch Shell PLC - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Royal Dutch Shell PLC   RDSA:LN   London        2,079.0GBp   14.5   0.69%     As of 11:36 AM EDT 7/21/2017     Open   2,093.5    Day Range   2,069.5 - 2,114.5    Volume   5,955,984    Previous Close   2,093.5    52Wk Range   1,791.0 - 2,295.5    1 Yr Return   6.78%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   2,093.5    Day Range   2,069.5 - 2,114.5    Volume   5,955,984    Previous Close   2,093.5    52Wk Range   1,791.0 - 2,295.5    1 Yr Return   6.78%    YTD Return   -7.29%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   28.74    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   0.9    Market Cap (b GBp)   171.925    Shares Outstanding  (b)   4.511    Price/Sales (TTM)   0.85    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   7.13%        Sector Energy   % Price Change -0.88%     Industry Energy   % Price Change -0.88%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases    7/20/2017   Nigeria Oil Thieves Keep a Lid on Output Even as Bombs Abate     7/11/2017   Remember Peak Oil? Demand May Top Out Before Supply Does     7/10/2017   Shell Mulls LNG-Hub Network as Use by Ships and Trucks Expands     7/10/2017   Shell Plans to Spend $1 Billion a Year on Clean Energy by 2020     6/28/2017   Shell Seeks Gas Converts Among Indian Textile, Cement Plants     6/23/2017   Rout Tests World's No. 3 Oil Reserves After Shell Decamps     6/22/2017   Shell's $1 Billion New Zealand Sale Said to Draw OMV, Vermilion     6/14/2017   Shell Believes It Has the Expertise to Be a Clean-Energy Leader     6/13/2017   The Lonely Drifting Oil Tanker That Signals OPEC's Struggle     6/7/2017   Nigeria's Forcados Oil Comes Back in Fresh Blow to OPEC Cuts     5/26/2017   Shell Will Test Energy-Generating Kites This Summer     5/10/2017   Shell Says Russia Oil Must Be Considered for Brent Benchmark     5/9/2017   How Shell, Eni Got Enmeshed in $1 Billion Scandal: QuickTake Q&A     5/4/2017   Shell Pumps a Torrent of Cash as Takeover, Cost Cuts Pay Off     5/3/2017   How Earthquakes Might Be Crimes in Netherlands: QuickTake Q&A     5/2/2017   Shell to Cut Bidders to Three for Argentina Assets     4/26/2017   Nigeria Seizes Foreign Vessel for Alleged Theft of Shell Crude     4/25/2017   Oil and Mining Giants Detail Road Map to Reduce Carbon by Half    There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/20/2017   Canadian Natural Resources Limited Announces Filing of Preliminary Shelf Prospectuses     7/20/2017   Canadian Natural Resources Limited Announces Filing of Preliminary  Shelf Prospectuses     7/20/2017   BlackRock Commodities Income Investment Trust Plc: Portfolio Update     7/20/2017   Shell Midstream Partners, L.P. Declares 4.5% Increase in Quarterly Distribution     7/18/2017   At EnerCom's The Oil & Gas Conference(R) 80+ Companies will Discuss Energy Development     7/17/2017   BlackRock Income and Growth Investment Trust Plc: Portfolio Update     7/17/2017   Advance Notice of Second-Quarter Financial Results for Shell Midstream Partners, L.P.     7/14/2017   The European Investment Trust Plc: Portfolio Holdings as at 30 June 2017     7/14/2017   EP Global Opportunities Trust Plc: Portfolio Holdings as at 30 June 2017     7/13/2017   Black & Veatch-designed microgrid to power innovation at Shell Technology Center in Houston    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Royal Dutch Shell PLC, through subsidiaries, explores, produces, and refines petroleum. The Company produces fuels, chemicals, and lubricants. Royal Dutch Shell owns and operates gasoline filling stations worldwide.    Address  Carel van Bylandtlaan 30The Hague, 2596 HRNetherlands   Phone  31-70-377-9111   Website   www.shell.com     Executives Board Members    Ben van Beurden  CEO/Executive Director    Jessica Uhl  CFO/Executive Director    Ronan Cassidy  Chief Human Resources Ofcr    Stephanie Boyde  Exec VP:Remuneration Benefits & Services    Georges Menane  VP:Investor Relations     Show More                        Royal Dutch Shell plc (Shell Group) - BNamericas                                                         About us   Contact    Store    Advertising   Customized Research    BNamericas Wire   Help   Language:   EN    English  Spanish      Start a Free Trial                   News Projects Companies Reports Data                        Close  Recovery Password    Email for your account           Send password                 ×   This information is available only to subscribers.  Start a free trial, to unlock the full potential of a subscription to BNamericas.Already a subscriber? Please, login.     Start a Free Trial Now!         Home Companies Company Profile            Oil & Gas Petrochemicals  Netherlands  Royal Dutch Shell plc        Notify me   Bookmark       Sets     Share           Shared! The content has been shared, if you want to share this content with other users click here.          Message Almost ready! Add a message to the shared content          ¡Oops! An error has occurred, please try again.       Share! Share this content by entering the name and email of the recipient                    Share Share again             Create note    Ask us                                       Shortcut: Description Company Info Key Contacts Shareholders Subsidiaries Related Projects Related News      Company Detail       Description    Royal Dutch Shell plc is an Anglo-Dutch oil and chemical group engaged in the exploration, production, transportation, refining, distribution and marketing of crude oil, gas, and petroleum products. It is also active in solar and electric power, and biofuels and petrochemicals. Its products include natural gas, LPG, gasoline, paraffin, diesel, additives, lubricants, jet fuel, asphalt, and ethanol. Shell owns 25 refineries, and has exploration and production assets in 37 countries worldwide, including Argentina, Brazil and Venezuela. It produces 3.2Mboe/d, accounting for 2% and 3% of world oil and gas production, respectively. The company is currently focusing on deepwater drilling in Brazil and global LNG expansion, following the acquisition of Britain's BG Group for US$70bn in 2015. Among key production assets acquired by Shell are deepwater fields off Brazil and LNG projects in Australia. BG's Brazil portfolio includes stakes in five pre-salt discoveries in the Santos basin and operating rights for 10 blocks in the Barreirinhas basin. Royal Dutch Shell was founded in 1907 and is headquartered in The Hague, The Netherlands.         Subscribe to Access Active Companies and Potential Clients BNamericas subscribers not only have access to the thousands of active companies in Latin American business development, but also key contacts and custom contact look-up services.    Privately held, publically traded and state-owned companiesInternational, regional and local firmsShareholders and subsidiaries, JV partners and consortiumsOperators, contractors and equipment providersGovernmental and regulatory agencies50,000 published C-level contactsCustom contact research to uncover sales prospects          Start a Free Trial   Already a subscriber? Please, login       Award-winning and trusted the world over,  Business News Americas  is the only English and Spanish business intelligence resource for  project  ,  news  ,  analysis  and business contacts focused on and produced in Latin America. This company profile is one of thousands of companies included in the  BNamericas directory  of active and up-and-coming companies.  Contact us today! Phone:+56 (2) 2941-0300       Related Projects      Name Stage Sector Country      Locked content   Oil & Gas    Locked content     Locked content   Electric Power    Locked content     Locked content   Oil & Gas    Locked content     Locked content   Oil & Gas    Locked content     Locked content   Oil & Gas    Locked content     Locked content   Oil & Gas    Locked content     Locked content   Oil & Gas    Locked content     Locked content   Oil & Gas    Locked content     Locked content   Oil & Gas    Locked content     Locked content   Oil & Gas    Locked content     Locked content   Oil & Gas    Locked content     Locked content   Oil & Gas    Locked content     Locked content   Oil & Gas    Locked content     Locked content   Oil & Gas    Locked content     Locked content   Oil & Gas    Locked content     Locked content   Oil & Gas    Locked content     Locked content   Oil & Gas    Locked content     Locked content   Oil & Gas    Locked content     Locked content   Oil & Gas    Locked content     Locked content   Oil & Gas    Locked content     Locked content   Oil & Gas    Locked content     Locked content   Oil & Gas    Locked content     Locked content   Oil & Gas    Locked content     Locked content   Oil & Gas    Locked content      Dear visitor, this table includes insights that is only available for subscribers                    Shareholders    Need further information?        Company Name Sector Country Relation       Locked content    Shareholder       Locked content    Shareholder       Locked content    Shareholder       Dear visitor, this table includes insights that is only available for subscribers                    Subsidiaries    Need further information?        Company Name Sector Country Relation      Locked content   Subsidiary     Locked content   Subsidiary      Dear visitor, this table includes insights that is only available for subscribers                   Connected Companies             Related News       2017-07-21    TREND: Liberalization underway in Venezuela's oil sector      2017-07-07    Petroperú's top suppliers net over US$1bn      2017-07-05    Brazil launches debate on pre-salt contract terms      2017-06-23    More foreign oil firms moving into Mexico      2017-06-21    Mexico expects US$8.2bn investment from Round 2 shallow water auction      2017-06-14    Repsol inks Bolivia exploration deal      2017-06-02    BP greenlights Trinidad project, reports discoveries         2017-05-29    Argentina O&G companies to invest US$6.6bn this year      2017-05-25    Petrobras exercises priority rights for 3 pre-salt areas      2017-05-24    Argentina to forgo tenders, directly award energy mega-projects             All More                      Company Info     Tradename Shell Group  Address Carel van Bylandtlaan 16, The Hague, Netherlands Company Type  Owner Operator  Phone 31-70-3779111  Fax 31-70-3774848 Email  media-relations@shell.com   Website  GO             Key Contacts    Need a contact name?        Locked content CEO     Locked content Brazil Exploration Manager     Locked content Mexico New Business Development          Locked content Mexico Business Development Manager    Locked content New Business Development Manager    Locked content Head of Commercial Department    Locked content Geophysicist, Onshore Latin America Exploration    Locked content Senior Geologist    Locked content Project Manager, Business Development    Locked content Communications Coordinator, Mexico    Locked content Business Communications Manager            All More        Advertising                               GO                                 Close  What We Offer            Name Description            * To learn more about Enhanced Company Profile, please click here.             Close  Key Contacts           Position Name Contact     CEO Locked content   Brazil Exploration Manager   Mexico New Business Development   Mexico Business Development Manager   New Business Development Manager   Head of Commercial Department   Geophysicist, Onshore Latin America Exploration   Senior Geologist   Project Manager, Business Development   Communications Coordinator, Mexico   Business Communications Manager   Project Manager                     Close  Shareholders           Relation Company Name Sector Country      Shareholder   Locked content    Shareholder      Shareholder            × Dear visitor, this table includes insights that is only available for subscribers .                    Close  Subsidiaries           Relation Company Name Sector Country      Subsidiary   Locked content    Subsidiary            × Dear visitor, this table includes insights that is only available for subscribers.                    Close  Related Projects           Sector Name Stage Country Type Investment     Oil & Gas   Locked content   Electric Power     Oil & Gas     Oil & Gas     Oil & Gas     Oil & Gas     Oil & Gas     Oil & Gas     Oil & Gas     Oil & Gas     Oil & Gas     Oil & Gas     Oil & Gas     Oil & Gas     Oil & Gas     Oil & Gas     Oil & Gas     Oil & Gas     Oil & Gas     Oil & Gas     Oil & Gas     Oil & Gas     Oil & Gas     Oil & Gas                       Close  Related News             Date Title Sector Country      2017-07-21     TREND: Liberalization underway in Venezuela's oil sector    Oil & Gas   Venezuela     2017-07-07     Petroperú's top suppliers net over US$1bn    Oil & Gas   Peru     2017-07-05     Brazil launches debate on pre-salt contract terms    Oil & Gas   Brazil     2017-06-23     More foreign oil firms moving into Mexico    Oil & Gas   Mexico     2017-06-21     Mexico expects US$8.2bn investment from Round 2 shallow water auction    Oil & Gas   Mexico     2017-06-14     Repsol inks Bolivia exploration deal    Oil & Gas   Bolivia     2017-06-02     BP greenlights Trinidad project, reports discoveries    Oil & Gas   Trinidad & Tobago     2017-05-29     Argentina O&G companies to invest US$6.6bn this year    Oil & Gas   Argentina     2017-05-25     Petrobras exercises priority rights for 3 pre-salt areas    Oil & Gas   Brazil     2017-05-24     Argentina to forgo tenders, directly award energy mega-projects    Electric Power   Argentina          «    1 (current)   2 3 ... 99 100 101  »                  Close  Company's Services       Company's Services        Electricity generation supplies > Fuel         Services > Consulting > Project management         Services > Oil and gas exploitation         Services > Oil and gas exploration         Services > Oil and gas property acquisition         Services > Oil and gas property development         Services > Oil and gas refinery construction         Services > Oil and gas refinery maintenance         Services > Oil and gas refinery operation         Services > Oil derivatives production         Services > Oil derivatives         Services > Support services > Oil and gas field maintenance         Services > Support services > Oil wells management         Services > Procurement         Services > Fuel trading         Services > Engineering > Drilling          Services > Consulting > Operation & Planning         Services > Consulting > Operation and strategy         Services > Consulting > Exploration         Services > Oil and gas and by-products production                    Close  Unlock this content      We are sorry. You have no more credits available :(   0/Company Profile Your current credit balance is:   You have not added any company.days left until your credit is updated.          Subscribe              Close  E-mail to a Friend       Royal Dutch Shell plc      Name:    Your email address:     Your friend's e-mail address:    Add personalized message:             Send             Close  Create note             Company-wide    Private    250 characters available.         Need help? We have two types of notes: company-wide, that can be viewed by your whole team; and private, only by you.  Create note              Close  My notes        Search        Company-wide    Private       No hay notas  Load more     Create note                          Delete             July 23, 2017                                                            BNamericas - Latin America's Business News, Information and Research Center for the Global Economy                                          About us   Contact    Store    Advertising   Customized Research    BNamericas Wire   Help   Language:   EN    English  Spanish      Start a Free Trial                   News Projects Companies Reports Data                        Close  Recovery Password    Email for your account           Send password                                        Feature  Oil & Gas Venezuela  TREND: Liberalization underway in Venezuela's oil sector   State oil company PDVSA owes over US$24bn to services companies, which are increasingly opting to negotiate directly with PDVSA's joint-venture partners, an expert tells BNamericas.            Content Feed                 News  Infrastructure Argentina  Infrastructure: The week in 10 stories BNamericas provides a roundup of the most important Infrastructure news in Latin America.                        News  Electric Power Regional  Electric Power: The week in 10 stories A roundup of Latin America's top power sector news.                      News  ICT Regional  ICT: The week in 10 stories BNamericas looks back at some of the biggest stories of the week.                      News  Oil & Gas Argentina  Oil&Gas: The week in 10 stories BNamericas rounds up the week's oil and gas news from across the region.        GET FULL ACCESS TO BNAMERICAS SUBSCRIBER      Enter email   Start a Free Trial                    News  Mining Chile  Chile's Codelco submits EIA to upgrade El Teniente project BHP also received approval from environmental authorities for its Spence Growth Option project.                      News  Insurance Argentina  Insurance: The week in 10 stories BNamericas provides a roundup of the most important Insurance stories in Latin America.                      News  Banking Argentina  Banking: The week in 10 stories BNamericas provides a roundup of the most important Banking stories in Latin America.                      News  Mining Regional  Mining: The week in 10 stories BNamericas provides a roundup of the most important mining news in Latin America.                      News  Water & Waste Argentina  Water and Waste: The week in 10 stories BNamericas provides a roundup of the most important Water & Waste news in Latin America.                      News  Electric Power Brazil  Brazil wind growth propelled by northeast Rio Grande do Norte state was the most prolific wind power generator from January to May, contributing 1.076aGW. Bahia was next with 704aMW followed by Rio Grande do Sul (547aMW), Ceará (460aMW) and Piauí (305aMW), according to official figures published on Thursday                       News  Mining Brazil  Brazil's Vale sets iron ore output record  The mining giant produced more than 90Mt iron ore in the second quarter.                       News  ICT Colombia  Claro Colombia advances with municipal coverage  The telco's 3G and 4G networks now connect 425 Colombian municipalities, up 44% from the 294 municipalities covered a year ago.                       Feature  Electric Power Chile  Small-scale solar heating up in Chile   BNamericas spoke to Dylan Rudney, CEO of Santiago-based solar developer Verano Capital, about the opportunity presented by photovoltaic solar plants of up to 9MW in Chile.                      Opinion Piece  Venezuela  Venezuela on the precipice   If he recognized the vote, President Maduro could claim that most people are in favor of (or at least not opposed to) the constituent assembly process.                       News  Infrastructure Mexico  Mexico's IMSS announces upcoming infra tenders  The country's social security institute will tender 1.1bn pesos (US$62.6mn) in infrastructure-related contracts.                       News  Mining Ecuador  Ecuador seeks to formalize informal miners  The Andean country is accelerating efforts to formalize unauthorized mining operations in preparation for a new era of large-scale mining that is set to bring in billions of dollars in new investment.                       News  Electric Power Brazil  Brazil, Mexico help boost Iberdrola's bottom line  The Spanish company saw a modest rise in profits, while Brazil contributed 6% of Ebitda during first half.                       Q&A  Mining Brazil  Reform finally on the way for Brazil's mining sector   BNamericas speaks with Maria José Gazzi Salum of the country's mines and energy ministry about the reform's legal changes, royalties and environmental cooperation.                       Q&A  Metals Argentina  High-performance alloys 'key' to increased market share   BNamericas spoke with Termomecanica's industrial director Luiz Henrique Caveagna about the company's initiave on special alloys, unveiled this week.          1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50              Featured Content                 Q&A  ICT Brazil  Improving business intelligence for drugstores   BNamericas talked to Danish business intelligence (BI) firm Targit about its decision to team up with Itec Brazil to integrate anaytics into ERP software for the pharmaceutical retail segment.                        Feature  Electric Power Argentina  Scarce financing, underdeveloped projects impede RenovAr progress   Commercial banks remain wary of providing traditional project finance to renewable energy projects in Argentina, a consultant tells BNamericas.                       Feature  Oil & Gas Brazil  Cemig asset sales: The story so far   BNamericas looks at the latest developments in the Brazilian energy firm's US$2.7bn divestment program.                  Feature  ICT Brazil  Cemig asset sales: The story so far   BNamericas looks at the latest developments in the Brazilian energy firm's US$2.7bn divestment program, including its sale of Cemig Telecom.                  Feature  Electric Power Brazil  Cemig asset sales: The story so far   BNamericas looks at the latest developments in the Brazilian energy firm's US$2.7bn divestment program.                  Q&A  Petrochem Bolivia  Brazil-Bolivia gas contract: A deal is in the pipeline   The president of Brazilian gas distributor SCGás, Cosme Polêse, spoke to BNamericas about the status of negotiations between Brazil and Bolivia on the renewal of their natural gas supply contract. According to Polêse, Brazil also needs a new gas pipeline in the southern region of the country.                     Feature  Electric Power Mexico  Operator Series: Mexico's CFE finally joining the modern world   The state utility is striking deals with partners and upgrading the grid, and will benefit from private investment for the first time in transmission infrastructure thanks to the energy reform.                       Q&A  Insurance Chile  Digital transformation: Treading water not an option   Fintechs and evolving customer expectations are changing the environment financial sector firms operate in. BNamericas speaks to sector specialist Mario Ernst from Chile's Instituto Subercaseaux to find out more.                       Feature  Privatization Mexico  Project Spotlight: Mexico's Playas de Rosarito desalination plant   BNamericas takes a look at the project that is set to become the largest water desalination plant in the western hemisphere.                        Feature  Water & Waste Mexico  Project Spotlight: Mexico's Playas de Rosarito desalination plant   BNamericas takes a look at the project that is set to become the largest water desalination plant in the western hemisphere.                        Q&A  Oil & Gas Brazil  Electrifying LatAm: A second wind for fossil fuels?   BNamericas speaks to Bobby Cusmano, the business development head of US services firm Progen, about opportunities in Latin America's largely untapped off-grid power market.                     Q&A  Banking Chile  Digital transformation: Treading water not an option   Fintechs and evolving customer expectations are changing the environment financial sector firms operate in. BNamericas speaks to sector specialist Mario Ernst from Chile's Instituto Subercaseaux to find out more.                     Q&A  Oil & Gas Bolivia  Brazil-Bolivia gas contract: A deal is in the pipeline   The president of Brazilian gas distributor SCGás, Cosme Polêse, spoke to BNamericas about the status of negotiations between Brazil and Bolivia on the renewal of their natural gas supply contract. According to Polêse, Brazil also needs a new gas pipeline in the southern region of the country.                       Q&A  Electric Power Brazil  Electrifying LatAm: A second wind for fossil fuels?   BNamericas speaks to Bobby Cusmano, the business development head of US services firm Progen, about opportunities in Latin America's largely untapped off-grid power market.                       Q&A  Mining Brazil  Chinese investors turn to late stage mining projects   BNamericas asked Keith Spence, president and partner at Canada's Global Mining Capital Corp. (GMCC), about what a Chinese mining investor looks for in LatAm mining assets.                  Q&A  ICT Chile  Digital transformation: why treading water is not an option   Fintechs and evolving customer expectations are changing the environment financial sector firms operate in. BNamericas speaks to sector specialist Mario Ernst from Chile's Instituto Subercaseaux to find out more.                     Feature  Oil & Gas Mexico  Operator Series: The future looks brighter for Mexico's Pemex   After three consecutive annual budget cuts, the state oil firm "has turned a corner," according to its CEO.                     Feature  Infrastructure Brazil  Can Lula be Brazil's president again?   The popular former president would have to clear a bevy of legal issues before running for office next year.                        Q&A  ICT Mexico  Regulatory challenges for Mexico's telecoms reform four years on   Gabriel Contreras, head of telecoms watchdog IFT, talks about Mexico's regulatory environment four years after the telecoms reform and what challenges lie ahead.                  Feature  Banking Brazil  Can Lula be Brazil's president again?   The popular former president would have to clear a bevy of legal issues before running for office next year.          Load more Load more            Intelligence Series           Infrastructure   Mexico   Mexico Shores up PPP Model to Boost Infrastructure  The task facing Mexico is not an easy one. Public investment in infrastructure has been affected by budget cuts resulting from lower oil revenues. In addition, there is the uncertainty regarding the e...         /bna:banner_advertising advertising="bna.subscriber.model.Advertising@2056a49c" idContenido="0" onlyfree="true" type="BOX_3" mobileAdv="false"/>   Most Read    News  Companies  Projects         Peru flood reconstruction drives tax swap investment.   In Brief: Colombia issues LNG project call   Chile LNG terminal poised for approval   Acciona, Falabella sign Chile renewable PPA   Colombia LNG plant study call hits snag       Techint S.A. de C.V.   Atlas Renewable Energy   Petrovictoria S.A.   Compañía Petrolera Perseus, S.A. de C.V.   Construcciones y Servicios Industriales Globales, S.A. de C.V.       Las Arcillas combined-cycle plant   Toromocho    Néstor Kirchner-Jorge Cepernic Hydro Project   Vaca Muerta Formation   Amador Cruise Terminal                                                     BNamericas                                             Close  Recovery Password    Email for your account           Send password                                                                                       Close Company set   Create an empty set: Create your set and start adding companies manually.        Create Set         Close  Confirm   Are you sure?    Cancel   Delete          Close Company Sets settings        Show as homepage  Add to dropdown menu         All companies       Recently added       Last updated                      Close   My Company Sets                                      Close Company set   Create an empty set: Create your set and start adding companies manually.        Create Set         Close  Confirm   Are you sure?    Cancel   Delete          Close Company Sets settings        Show as homepage  Add to dropdown menu         All companies       Recently added       Last updated                      View my Company Sets         List    All Companies (6799)                      Company Name    Country    Sector    Type    Last updated    Address    Phone    General Email    Web Page       Light S.A.   Brazil   Electric Power                       Parque Eólico La Carabina II S.A.P.I. de C.V.   Mexico   Electric Power                       Prodiel S.L.   Spain   Electric Power                       Servicios Eólicos S.A.   Chile   Electric Power                       Aguas Santafesinas S.A. (ASSA)   Argentina   Water & Waste                       Eolic Partners Chile S.A.   Chile   Electric Power                       Cargill Incorporated   United States   Electric Power,Oil & Gas                       Empresa Pública Estratégica Hidroeléctrica Coca Codo Sinclair   Ecuador   Electric Power                       DISEÑOS Y PROYECTOS REUNIDOS S.A.   Spain   Electric Power,Oil & Gas,...                       Comisión Nacional de Valores de Argentina   Argentina   Banking,Electric Power,...                       Invex Infraestructura 4, S.A.P.I de C.V.   Mexico   Infrastructure                       Triunfo Participações e Investimentos S.A.   Brazil   Electric Power,Infrastructure                       Empresa Metalúrgica Vinto S.A.   Bolivia   Metals,Mining                       Gobierno de la Provincia de Córdoba   Argentina   Infrastructure                       Empresa Regional de Servicio Público de Electricidad del Oriente S.A.   Peru   Electric Power                       China Communications Construction Company Limited (International)   China   Infrastructure                       Sapa AS   Norway   Infrastructure,Metals                       Oxiquim S.A.   Chile   Petrochem                       China Harbour Engineering Company Ltd. (CHEC)   China   Infrastructure                       Pluspetrol S.A.   Argentina   Oil & Gas                           0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 100 101 102 103 104 105 106 107 108 109 110 111 112 113 114 115 116 117 118 119 120 121 122 123 124 125 126 127 128 129 130 131 132 133 134 135 136 137 138 139 140 141 142 143 144 145 146 147 148 149 150 151 152 153 154 155 156 157 158 159 160 161 162 163 164 165 166 167 168 169 170 171 172 173 174 175 176 177 178 179 180 181 182 183 184 185 186 187 188 189 190 191 192 193 194 195 196 197 198 199 200 201 202 203 204 205 206 207 208 209 210 211 212 213 214 215 216 217 218 219 220 221 222 223 224 225 226 227 228 229 230 231 232 233 234 235 236 237 238 239 240 241 242 243 244 245 246 247 248 249 250 251 252 253 254 255 256 257 258 259 260 261 262 263 264 265 266 267 268 269 270 271 272 273 274 275 276 277 278 279 280 281 282 283 284 285 286 287 288 289 290 291 292 293 294 295 296 297 298 299 300 301 302 303 304 305 306 307 308 309 310 311 312 313 314 315 316 317 318 319 320 321 322 323 324 325 326 327 328 329 330 331 332 333 334 335 336 337 338 339               Close Select the columns to display     Country Sector Type Last updated Address Phone General Email Web Page     Save           Close Download       Download all columns Download visible columns        Excel CSV     Download             Added Companies   Find new Projects   Please type more than 2 characters to search ...   Added Companies:     Add to set            Close Company set        Advanced Filters : Create your dynamic set using advanced filters like category services, sector, others.    × Info! Select an Advanced Filter item     Sector Country   By sector keywords    By general keywords             By sector keywords:     Reset         Find Prev   Find Next               By general keywords:     Reset         Find Prev   Find Next                  Loading...                  Create Set Edit Set                                ASK US        Close  Contact Us     How can we help you? Your questions and comments are important to us. Tell us what the topic is and we’ll give you our options       Select    Please, select a subject Comments on Content Products and Services Customer Service Center       Message           Send           Close  Contact Us     How can we help you? Your questions and comments are important to us. Tell us what the topic is and we’ll give you our options       Name  Email  Company  Select   Please, select a subject Customer Service Events Newsroom Advertising Subscriptions Marketing & Business Development Jobs Finance & Administration Other Webstore   Message           Send           Close  Login or register      Login   Username        Password (Forgot It?)           Remember me      The password is incorrect    Login      Not a subscriber?  Click on the button below to create your account and get immediate access to thousands of articles. Start a Free Trial             Close  Ask us a question    This is a Free Account. If you want to have full access please  Start a free trial    Ask us   Send us your feedback            Ask us a question       Start a free trial            Rate our new design    Relevance of information    Ability to find what you're looking for    Overall satisfaction    Were you able to accomplish your task?    Please select Yes No       Send                  Close  Share this content    Facebook  Twitter  Linkedin  Google+            x Close  Restricted Access    This is a Free Account. If you want to have full access please Start a Free Trial     Email address    Start a Free Trial   Already a subscriber? Please, Sign In            Close  Ask us a question    This is a Free Account. If you want to have full access please  Start a Free Trial           Ask us a question  The message is required, and cannot be empty    Start a Free Trial                  Close  Methodology & Procedures   Definitions Projects covered include state-owned and private projects in the Infrastructure, Electric Power, Oil & Gas (excluding upstream), Water and Waste, and Mining sectors. Where applicable, a project is considered as such until the end of construction and ramp-up to full capacity (with the exception of mining projects, where the date of commissioning signifies the end of the project). Projects must have a:  a) Start date b) Estimate for completion c) Initial investment estimate  Data For state-owned projects, initial information about the start date and estimates for completion and investment are taken from original signed contracts, along with addendums and annexes. If original contracts cannot be obtained, information is taken from public documents, presentations, news articles from BNamericas archives, and external sources. In cases where contracts are subject to approval by legislators, the start date is the date of the law or legislative approval. In the case of private projects, information is taken from public sources, such as stock exchange filings, annual reports, company presentations, third party research and press releases. In judging the timing of investment decisions for private projects, great care was taken to differentiate between large projects receiving environmental approval and proceeding directly to construction, and smaller projects where the investment decision hinges on securing financing. Best care is taken to ensure that recorded data is correct at the time of entry and that each entry is backed with a relevant source. The greatest care possible was taken to ensure consistency of information in order make a like-for-like comparison in project costs. Insofar as the figures rely on disclosure by the organization or company responsible, the figures can be considered to be conservative in nature. No attempt was made to adjust figures for inflation during the course of research or for consideration of the time value of money. Validation In the case of state-owned projects, validation is carried out where possible with either a member of the consortium, EPC contractor, a relevant state agency or advisors to either party. Currency Projects costs are measured in US dollars. Where project costs are measured in a local currency, amounts are converted to US dollars at the date of the relevant announcement, signature or report.  Severity of deviation from original estimates The severity of deviation from original estimates is defined according to set criteria. Timing    Status Condition     Ahead of time 95% of original estimate or below (measured in months)   On time 95% to 105% of original estimate   Minor changes 105% to 120% of original estimate   Medium changes 120% to 160% of original estimate   Major changes Over 160% of original estimate    Budget    Status Condition     Ahead of budget 95% of original budget estimate or below   To budget 95% to 105% of original budget estimate   Minor changes 105% to 120% of original budget estimate   Medium changes 120% to 140% of original budget estimate   Major changes Over 140% of original budget estimate    Changes in Scope Changes in scope beyond the start date are not accounted for. Language definitions Where guidance is non-specific as to dates for completion, the following is used. Project to be completed by 2018 = December 31, 2017 Project to be completed in 2018 = December 31, 2018                                    




















 



 Royal Dutch Shell plc First Quarter 2017 Euro and GBP Equivalent Dividend Payments 
         










    









 













 











 



















Royal Dutch Shell plc First Quarter 2017 Euro and GBP Equivalent Dividend Payments
        																				
              











 News provided by
Royal Dutch Shell plc  
Jun 12, 2017, 12:24 ET









 Share this article




























































THE HAGUE, the Netherlands, June 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ --
The Board of Royal Dutch Shell plc ("RDS") (NYSE:   RDS.A)(NYSE:   RDS.B) today announced the pounds sterling and euro equivalent dividend payments in respect of the first quarter 2017 interim dividend, which was announced on May 4, 2017 at US$0.47 per A ordinary share ("A Share") and B ordinary share ("B Share").








Dividends on A Shares will be paid, by default, in euro at the rate of €0.4194 per A Share. Holders of A Shares who have validly submitted pounds sterling currency elections by June 5, 2017 will be entitled to a dividend of 37.12p per A Share.
Dividends on B Shares will be paid, by default, in pounds sterling at the rate of 37.12p per B Share. Holders of B Shares who have validly submitted euro currency elections by June 5, 2017 will be entitled to a dividend of €0.4194 per B Share.
This dividend will be payable on June 26, 2017 to those members whose names were on the Register of Members on May 19, 2017.
Taxation - cash dividend 
Cash dividends on A Shares will be subject to the deduction of Dutch dividend withholding tax at the rate of 15%, which may be reduced in certain circumstances. Based on a policy statement issued by the Dutch Ministry of Finance on April 29, 2016 (which has been formalised in law with effect from January 2017), and depending on their particular circumstances, non-Dutch resident shareholders may be entitled to a full or partial refund of Dutch dividend withholding tax. As from 2018, Dutch and non-Dutch resident shareholders who are exempt from corporate income tax may elect for an exemption from Dutch dividend withholding tax instead of requesting a refund if tax was withheld.
Furthermore, in April 2016, there were changes to the UK taxation of dividends. The dividend tax credit was abolished, and a new tax free dividend allowance introduced. Dividend income in excess of the allowance is taxable at the following rates: 7.5% within the basic rate band; 32.5% within the higher rate band; and 38.1% on dividend income taxable at the additional rate.
If you are uncertain as to the tax treatment of any dividends you should consult your own tax advisor.
CAUTIONARY NOTE 
The companies in which Royal Dutch Shell plc directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this announcement "Shell", "Shell group" and "Royal Dutch Shell" are sometimes used for convenience where references are made to Royal Dutch Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general. Likewise, the words "we", "us" and "our" are also used to refer to subsidiaries in general or to those who work for them. These expressions are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying the particular company or companies. '‘Subsidiaries'’, "Shell subsidiaries" and "Shell companies" as used in this announcement refer to companies over which Royal Dutch Shell plc either directly or indirectly has control. Entities and unincorporated arrangements over which Shell has joint control are generally referred to as "joint ventures" and "joint operations" respectively. Entities over which Shell has significant influence but neither control nor joint control are referred to as "associates". The term "Shell interest" is used for convenience to indicate the direct and/or indirect ownership interest held by Shell in a venture, partnership or company, after exclusion of all third-party interest.
This announcement contains forward-looking statements concerning the financial condition, results of operations and businesses of Royal Dutch Shell. All statements other than statements of historical fact are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management's current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements concerning the potential exposure of Royal Dutch Shell to market risks and statements expressing management's expectations, beliefs, estimates, forecasts, projections and assumptions. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as '‘anticipate'’, '‘believe'’, '‘could'’, '‘estimate'’, '‘expect'’, '‘goals'’, '‘intend'’, '‘may'’, '‘objectives'’, '‘outlook'’, '‘plan'’, '‘probably'’, '‘project'’, '‘risks'’, "schedule", '‘seek'’, '‘should'’, '‘target'’, '‘will'’ and similar terms and phrases. There are a number of factors that could affect the future operations of Royal Dutch Shell and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements included in this announcement, including (without limitation): (a) price fluctuations in crude oil and natural gas; (b) changes in demand for Shell's products; (c) currency fluctuations; (d) drilling and production results; (e) reserves estimates; (f) loss of market share and industry competition; (g) environmental and physical risks; (h) risks associated with the identification of suitable potential acquisition properties and targets, and successful negotiation and completion of such transactions; (i) the risk of doing business in developing countries and countries subject to international sanctions; (j) legislative, fiscal and regulatory developments including regulatory measures addressing climate change; (k) economic and financial market conditions in various countries and regions; (l) political risks, including the risks of expropriation and renegotiation of the terms of contracts with governmental entities, delays or advancements in the approval of projects and delays in the reimbursement for shared costs; and (m) changes in trading conditions. No assurance is provided that future dividend payments will match or exceed previous dividend payments. All forward-looking statements contained in this announcement are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Additional risk factors that may affect future results are contained in Royal Dutch Shell's Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2016 (available at http://www.shell.com/investor and http://www.sec.gov). These risk factors also expressly qualify all forward-looking statements contained in this announcement and should be considered by the reader. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of this announcement, June 12, 2017. Neither Royal Dutch Shell plc nor any of its subsidiaries undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or other information. In light of these risks, results could differ materially from those stated, implied or inferred from the forward-looking statements contained in this announcement.
This Report contains references to Shell's website. These references are for the readers' convenience only. Shell is not incorporating by reference any information posted on http://www.shell.com
U.S. investors are urged to consider closely the disclosure in our Form 20-F, File No 1-32575, available on the SEC website http://www.sec.gov. You can also obtain this form from the SEC by calling 1-800-SEC-0330..
LEI number of Royal Dutch Shell plc: 21380068P1DRHMJ8KU70
Royal Dutch Shell plc  ENQUIRIES: Investor Relations: Europe: +31(0)70-377-4540  North America: +1-832-337-2034  Media: International: +44(0)207-934-5550 Americas: +1-713-241-4544 
SOURCE Royal Dutch Shell plc



 












Jun 13, 2017, 08:58 ET
Preview: ROYAL DUTCH SHELL PLC Report on Payments to Governments for the Year 2016













May 31, 2017, 07:03 ET
Preview: Royal Dutch Shell plc: Voting Rights and Capital






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 

Jun 30, 2017, 05:15 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Royal Dutch Shell plc: Voting Rights and Capital








 

Jun 29, 2017, 14:26 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Royal Dutch Shell plc: Director/PDMR Shareholding





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Gas
  Oil & Energy
  Banking & Financial Services
Dividends








 You just read:
Royal Dutch Shell plc First Quarter 2017 Euro and GBP Equivalent Dividend Payments


 News provided by
Royal Dutch Shell plc  
Jun 12, 2017, 12:24 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 




RDS.A Stock Price - Royal Dutch Shell PLC ADR Cl A Stock Quote (U.S.: NYSE) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,580.07


-31.71


-0.15%











S&P 500

2,472.54


-0.91


-0.04%











Nasdaq

6,387.75


-2.25


-0.04%











GlobalDow

2,833.20


-8.47


-0.30%











Gold

1,261.10


9.00


0.72%











Oil

45.60


-1.32


-2.81%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



CTAS 
9.2




COF 
8.6




ETFC 
5.1




SYF 
4.5






HP
-5.5




ISRG
-4.6




HBAN
-4.4




CHK
-3.1














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








12:28p

This is what might be next for O.J. Simpson after parole



12:09p

Updated
Weekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap



12:09p

Updated
Why you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks



12:09p

Updated
Attention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks



12:05p

As GDP will show, U.S. economy on same track



12:00p

Stocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms



11:52a

Updated
'Dunkirk' storms U.S. box office with $50.5 million debut



11:27a

Updated
O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family



11:20a

Actor John Heard, ‘Home Alone’ dad, dead at 71



11:07a

Updated
Microsoft rides huge tax benefit from failing at smartphones to big earnings beat 












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


ADRs


RDS.A


Overview



Compare Quotes
Market Screener
Sectors

 



RDS.A
U.S.: NYSE


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Royal Dutch Shell PLC ADR Cl A

Watchlist 
CreateRDS.AAlert



  


After Hours

Last Updated: Jul 21, 2017 4:04 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
54.05



-0.01
-0.02%



After Hours Volume:
6.5K





Close
Chg
Chg %




$54.06
-0.28
-0.52%





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




124.9% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    4.1M
                


                65 Day Avg. - 3.3M
            





Open: 54.56
Close: 54.06



53.9400
Day Low/High
54.6100





Day Range



46.5700
52 Week Low/High
56.3900


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$54.56



Day Range
53.9400 - 54.6100



52 Week Range
46.5700 - 56.3900



Market Cap
$223.32B



Shares Outstanding
2.26B



Public Float
2.26B



Beta
1.02



Rev. per Employee
$2.7M



P/E Ratio
30.55



EPS
$1.77



Yield
6.96%



Dividend
$0.94



Ex-Dividend Date
May 17, 2017



Short Interest
5.25M
06/30/17


% of Float Shorted
0.23%



Average Volume
3.25M




 


Performance




5 Day


0.58%







1 Month


2.76%







3 Month


5.15%







YTD


-0.59%







1 Year


-1.91%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones











Exxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?

Jul. 23, 2017 at 11:01 a.m. ET
by Claudia Assis










Where to put your money now that the dollar is sinking

Jul. 20, 2017 at 4:54 p.m. ET
by Michael Brush









BP approaches possible buyers of North Sea assets
LONDON-- BP PLC has approached potential buyers of its oil-and-gas production assets in the North Sea, people familiar with the matter said, around 50 years after the once-state-owned company helped pioneer deepwater extraction there.

Jul. 20, 2017 at 7:43 a.m. ET
by MarketWatch.com









Shell sells Irish gas field stake for $1.2 billion
LONDON-- Royal Dutch Shell PLC sold its stake in a controversial Irish gas field for up to $1.23 billion to one of Canada's biggest pension funds in a deal that will result in accounting losses of as much as $750 million for the Anglo-Dutch energy company.

Jul. 12, 2017 at 7:11 a.m. ET
by MarketWatch.com









Australia to regulate exports of natural gas
CANBERRA, Australia - Australia's conservative government will go ahead with legislation to put export controls on gas, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said Tuesday. "We are taking immediate action to put downward pressure on power prices and ensure reliable and secure energy for all Australians," Mr.

Jun. 19, 2017 at 11:59 p.m. ET
by MarketWatch.com









Eni profit jumps as oil prices rebound
MILAN--Eni SpA's (ENI.MI) profit more than tripled in the first quarter as the Italian oil company, like its larger peers, benefited from a surge in the price of crude. Adjusted operating profit, which strips out one-time items such as asset sales, rose to 1.83 billion euros ($1.99 billion) in the three months to the end of March from EUR583 million in the same period last year.

May. 10, 2017 at 2:51 a.m. ET
by MarketWatch.com









Shell profits soar as oil sector makes a comeback
LONDON-- Royal Dutch Shell PLC Thursday reported a sharp increase in profit in the first quarter, rounding off a bumper set of results for the world's biggest oil companies as years of cost-cutting and a fragile recovery in oil prices begin to pay off.

May. 4, 2017 at 3:54 a.m. ET
by MarketWatch.com









Shell quarterly profit surges 
LONDON-- Royal Dutch Shell PLC Thursday reported a sharp increase in net profits in the first quarter, capping off a bumper set of results for the world's biggest oil companies as years of cost-cutting and a fragile recovery in oil prices begin to pay off.

May. 4, 2017 at 2:55 a.m. ET
by MarketWatch.com









What to watch in Shell's earnings: Profit in focus
Royal Dutch Shell PLC is set to announce its first-quarter earnings on Thursday before the market opens in London. Here's what you need to know: EARNINGS FORECAST: The oil giant is expected to report a net income of $3.3 billion for the first quarter, compared with a profit of $484 million in the same period a year earlier, according to consensus estimates published by S&P Global Market Intelligence.

May. 3, 2017 at 2:36 a.m. ET
by MarketWatch.com









BP is latest oil major to return to profit
LONDON-- BP PLC was the latest big oil company to report a sharp increase in profit Tuesday, adding to optimism that the sector may have passed the worst following the dramatic slump in energy prices.

May. 2, 2017 at 8:04 a.m. ET
by MarketWatch.com









Exxon profit jump a sign of recovery in energy
The world's biggest oil companies are seeing their highest quarterly profits in more than a year. Exxon Mobil Corp. on Friday reported its best quarter since 2015, notching a $4 billion profit. It was more than double what it posted in the first quarter a year ago, when crude prices fell to the lowest level since 2003.

Apr. 28, 2017 at 10:13 a.m. ET
by MarketWatch.com









Elliott puts pressure on BHP to exploit tax quirk


Apr. 12, 2017 at 3:04 a.m. ET










In the midst of an oil-price slump, one area in Texas is enjoying a bit of a boom

Apr. 10, 2017 at 3:17 a.m. ET
by Claudia Assis









Shell agrees gas supply deals in Australia


Apr. 6, 2017 at 2:20 a.m. ET









Shell starts offloading its New Zealand assets


Apr. 5, 2017 at 10:14 p.m. ET









DCC buys Shell's Hong Kong LPG unit; CEO to leave


Apr. 5, 2017 at 2:27 a.m. ET










Trump’s intriguing idea: Cut debt by selling off federal assets

Mar. 29, 2017 at 9:05 a.m. ET
by Paul Brandus










Marathon Oil is a bright spot in oil stocks after Permian Basin buy

Mar. 11, 2017 at 11:28 a.m. ET
by Claudia Assis










This is where the real risk for oil prices kicks in

Mar. 9, 2017 at 9:33 a.m. ET
by Barbara Kollmeyer









Shell CEO's pay rises 60% in 2016


Mar. 9, 2017 at 7:46 a.m. ET














Shell to Sell U.K., Thai Assets for Almost $5 Billion

Jan. 31, 2017 at 10:38 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Corruption Currents: Nigeria to Charge Shell, Eni in Oil-Graft Scandal

Jan. 30, 2017 at 5:41 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Big Oil Firms Look to Save, While Smaller Upstarts Want to Spend

Jan. 29, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Nigeria Court Orders Shell and Eni to Give Up Oil Field Amid Corruption Probe

Jan. 27, 2017 at 3:26 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










U.K. Judge Blocks Nigeria Oil Spill Suits Against Shell

Jan. 26, 2017 at 12:45 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Trump Victory Slows Business Investment in Iran

Jan. 18, 2017 at 5:30 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Oil Rises as Traders Rely on Promised Output Cuts

Jan. 6, 2017 at 4:20 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Shell Seeks to Streamline in 2017

Jan. 3, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Nymex Trading Pits Shut Down, Marking End of an Era

Dec. 29, 2016 at 11:51 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Energy Giants Seek Chinese Minnows in Bid to Shift Gas Glut

Dec. 29, 2016 at 5:30 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










BP Agrees to Buy Woolworths Fuels Business for $1.29 Billion

Dec. 28, 2016 at 4:10 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Oil Producers Turn to Wind Power

Dec. 26, 2016 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Obama’s ‘Permanent’ Drilling Freeze

Dec. 21, 2016 at 6:53 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










As the Oil-Sands Industry Declines, Its Biggest Champion Bolts

Dec. 19, 2016 at 4:33 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










2016 Was a Very Good Year for Stock Market Contrarians

Dec. 19, 2016 at 12:59 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










BP Strikes $2.2 Billion Deal for 10% Stake in UAE Oil Fields

Dec. 17, 2016 at 7:24 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Aramco Deals Face Uncertainty Under Trump Administration

Dec. 16, 2016 at 2:45 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Shell’s Simon Henry Steps Down as CFO

Dec. 15, 2016 at 3:18 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Statoil Exits Production in Canadian Oil Sands

Dec. 14, 2016 at 8:43 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










BP Internal Report Reveals Near-Miss Accidents

Dec. 13, 2016 at 11:41 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






These Stocks Will Struggle Should Oil & Gas Prices Not Pick Up
There are still a host of bearish factors that might induce oil???s fall into the mid-$30s and spell doom for investors. 

Jul. 21, 2017 at 5:17 p.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Why Add Strong Dividend Stocks to Your Value Portfolio?
Why Add Strong Dividend Stocks to Your Value Portfolio?

Jul. 21, 2017 at 2:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





 Who on Wall Street Downgraded Chevron ahead of Q2 Earnings? 
In this series, we examined the estimates for Chevron’s (CVX) 2Q17 earnings. We also considered its segmental outlook and stock performance ahead of its earnings release.

Jul. 20, 2017 at 2:55 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





 Do Chevron’s Q2 Segmental Earnings Prospects Look Better? 
Before we proceed with Chevron's (CVX) 2Q17 segmental outlook, let's take a look at 1Q17 segmental performance.

Jul. 20, 2017 at 2:55 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





 Chevron’s 2Q17 Estimates: Can We Expect Better Numbers? 
Chevron (CVX) is expected to post its 2Q17 results on July 28, 2017. Before we proceed with the 2Q17 estimates, let’s recap Chevron’s 1Q17 performance versus estimates.

Jul. 20, 2017 at 2:55 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





 Analyst Ratings for Shell: Pre-Earnings Review for 2Q17 
Shell (RDS.A) is covered by 11 analysts. Of the total, ten analysts assigned a “buy” or “strong buy” ratings, one assigned a “hold” rating, and no one has assigned “sell” or “strong sell” ratings on the stock.

Jul. 18, 2017 at 10:37 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





 What’s the Pre-Earnings Price Estimate for Shell Stock? 
Implied volatility in Shell has fallen from 17.4% on April 3, 2017, to the current level of 15.7%. During the same period, Shell stock rose 1.7%.

Jul. 18, 2017 at 10:37 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





 Where Have Shell’s Moving Averages Trended ahead of Its Earnings? 
Currently, Shell’s 50-day moving average stands just 2% above its 200-day moving average.

Jul. 18, 2017 at 10:37 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





Anderson Hoagland & Co Buys Enterprise Financial Services Corp, Novanta Inc, Siemens AG, ...
Anderson Hoagland & Co Buys Enterprise Financial Services Corp, Novanta Inc, Siemens AG, Sells Danaher Corp, Johnson & Johnson, Paychex Inc

Jul. 19, 2017 at 1:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





BP Explores Pipeline Asset Sale to Form MLP & Make it Public
BP is considering spinning off its 3,500 mile pipeline business in the US into a master limited partnership by the end of this year and file for its IPO.

Jul. 19, 2017 at 10:30 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





 Has Shell Stock Surged Pre-2Q17 Earnings? 
Since April 3, 2017, WTI prices have slumped 9.1%. The downtrend in oil prices is primarily due to oversupply concerns, which exist despite the OPEC cut. 

Jul. 18, 2017 at 10:37 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





Seeking Value in the Oil Industry: Marathon Oil
Seeking Value in the Oil Industry: Marathon Oil

Jul. 19, 2017 at 10:04 a.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





 How Are Shell’s Second Quarter Segmental Prospects? 
Shell’s Upstream segment's earnings, which fell to about -$1.4 billion in 1Q16, turned to a profit of $540 million in 1Q17 on a CCS EII basis.

Jul. 18, 2017 at 10:37 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





 Shell’s 2Q17 Estimates: Will Its Earnings Beat Estimates? 
Royal Dutch Shell (RDS.A) is expected to release its 2Q17 results on July 27, 2017. In 1Q17, Shell's revenues surpassed Wall Street analyst estimates by 3%.

Jul. 18, 2017 at 10:37 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





Wall Street Breakfast: More Record Highs For Equities?
Wall Street Breakfast: More Record Highs For Equities?

Jul. 19, 2017 at 7:13 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Oil & Gas Stock Roundup: Deals from Shell, Halcon & Abraxas
Supermajor Royal Dutch Shell (RDS.A) as well as producers Halcon Resources (HK) and Abraxas Petroleum (AXAS) announced separate deals to offload major chunk of non-core holdings.

Jul. 18, 2017 at 5:10 p.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Brent Is At $48 And Royal Dutch Pays A 6.97% Dividend - Enough Said
Brent Is At $48 And Royal Dutch Pays A 6.97% Dividend - Enough Said

Jul. 18, 2017 at 11:25 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





 Is Suncor’s 2Q17 Segmental Outlook Positive? 
Suncor’s Exploration and Production segment, which had posted an operating loss in 1Q16, reported a profit in 1Q17.

Jul. 17, 2017 at 10:46 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





 Suncor’s 2Q17 Estimates: What to Expect 
Suncor Energy (SU) is expected to post its 2Q17 results on July 26, 2017. According to analysts’ estimates, Suncor is expected to post EPS of $0.27 Canadian in 2Q17.

Jul. 17, 2017 at 10:46 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





T Rowe Price Equity Income Fund Buys Tyson Foods Inc, Southern Co, Fifth Third Bancorp, Sells ...
T Rowe Price Equity Income Fund Buys Tyson Foods Inc, Southern Co, Fifth Third Bancorp, Sells Royal Dutch Shell PLC, The AES Corp, Marsh & McLennan Inc

Jul. 17, 2017 at 6:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com









North America Oil And Gas Process Automation And Instrumentation Market Forecast 2017-2024
North America Oil And Gas Process Automation And Instrumentation Market Forecast 2017-2024

Jul. 20, 2017 at 7:00 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Natural Gas and LNG Market to 2025 - India Analysis and Forecasts by End-users
Natural Gas and LNG Market to 2025 - India Analysis and Forecasts by End-users

Jul. 20, 2017 at 3:38 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Lubricants Market for Off-road Sector - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 - 2024
Lubricants Market for Off-road Sector - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 - 2024

Jul. 19, 2017 at 7:26 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





The Floating Liquefied Natural Gas (FLNG) Market Forecast 2017-2027
The Floating Liquefied Natural Gas (FLNG) Market Forecast 2017-2027

Jul. 19, 2017 at 3:39 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





EthyleneMarket: Global Industry Analysis, Trends, Market Size & Forecasts to 2023
EthyleneMarket: Global Industry Analysis, Trends, Market Size & Forecasts to 2023

Jul. 18, 2017 at 6:41 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





ButaneMarket: Global Industry Analysis, Trends, Market Size & Forecasts to 2023
ButaneMarket: Global Industry Analysis, Trends, Market Size & Forecasts to 2023

Jul. 18, 2017 at 6:34 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Automotive Engine Oil Market Report 2017-2027
Automotive Engine Oil Market Report 2017-2027

Jul. 17, 2017 at 9:26 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Royal Dutch Shell plc: Voting Rights and Capital
Royal Dutch Shell plc: Voting Rights and Capital

Jun. 30, 2017 at 5:15 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Royal Dutch Shell plc: Director/PDMR Shareholding
Royal Dutch Shell plc: Director/PDMR Shareholding

Jun. 29, 2017 at 2:26 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Breakfast Technical Briefing on Oil & Gas Stocks -- Royal Dutch Shell, Statoil, TOTAL, and YPF Sociedad Anonima
Breakfast Technical Briefing on Oil & Gas Stocks -- Royal Dutch Shell, Statoil, TOTAL, and YPF Sociedad Anonima

Jun. 29, 2017 at 6:10 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Royal Dutch Shell plc: Notification and Public Disclosure in Accordance With the Requirements of the EU Market Abuse Regulation of Transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities
Royal Dutch Shell plc: Notification and Public Disclosure in Accordance With the Requirements of the EU Market Abuse Regulation of Transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities

Jun. 28, 2017 at 2:15 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Royal Dutch Shell plc : Director/PDMR Shareholding
Royal Dutch Shell plc : Director/PDMR Shareholding

Jun. 28, 2017 at 1:04 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Global Industrial Lubricant Market: Analysis By Product Base Oil, By Type, By Industry Application, By Region, By Country: Opportunities and Forecast - By Base Oil , By type , By Application
Global Industrial Lubricant Market: Analysis By Product Base Oil, By Type, By Industry Application, By Region, By Country: Opportunities and Forecast - By Base Oil , By type , By Application

Jun. 28, 2017 at 9:36 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Royal Dutch Shell Plc: Advance Notice of Q2 2017 Results Announcement
Royal Dutch Shell Plc: Advance Notice of Q2 2017 Results Announcement

Jun. 27, 2017 at 11:33 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Royal Dutch Shell plc: Issuance of New Shares
Royal Dutch Shell plc: Issuance of New Shares

Jun. 26, 2017 at 6:24 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Alpha Olefins Market 2017-2027
Alpha Olefins Market 2017-2027

Jun. 21, 2017 at 4:42 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Transformer Oil Market, Silicone-based Oil, and Bio-based Oil; Application - Power Transformers and Distribution Transformers - Global Industry Analysis Size Share Growth Trends and Forecast 2016 - 2024
Transformer Oil Market, Silicone-based Oil, and Bio-based Oil; Application - Power Transformers and Distribution Transformers - Global Industry Analysis Size Share Growth Trends and Forecast 2016 - 2024

Jun. 20, 2017 at 3:08 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Royal Dutch Shell plc: Additional Listing
Royal Dutch Shell plc: Additional Listing

Jun. 19, 2017 at 7:44 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





ROYAL DUTCH SHELL PLC Report on Payments to Governments for the Year 2016
ROYAL DUTCH SHELL PLC Report on Payments to Governments for the Year 2016

Jun. 13, 2017 at 8:58 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Royal Dutch Shell plc First Quarter 2017 Euro and GBP Equivalent Dividend Payments
Royal Dutch Shell plc First Quarter 2017 Euro and GBP Equivalent Dividend Payments

Jun. 12, 2017 at 12:24 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF











Royal Dutch Shell PLC ADR Cl A


            
            Royal Dutch Shell Plc engages in the oil and natural gas production. It operates through three segments: Upstream, Downstream, and Corporate. The Upstream segment combines the operating segments Upstream International and Upstream Americas, which are engaged in exploring for and recovering crude oil and natural gas; the liquefaction and transportation of gas; the extraction of bitumen from oil sands that is converted into synthetic crude oil; and wind energy. The Downstream segment engages in manufacturing, supply and distribution, and marketing activities for oil products and chemicals; alternative energy; and CO2 management. The Corporate segment represents the support functions, comprising holdings and treasury, headquarters, central functions and its self-insurance activities. The company was founded in February 1907 and is headquartered in The Hague, Netherlands.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  




Analyst Ratings



Sell
Under
Hold
Over
Buy

Number of Ratings 38
Full Ratings 





Who on Wall Street Downgraded Chevron ahead of Q2 Earnings?


Jul. 20, 2017 at 2:55 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





Analyst Ratings for Shell: Pre-Earnings Review for 2Q17


Jul. 18, 2017 at 10:37 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





10 Reasons To Own FleetCor During The Second Half Of 2017


Jul. 13, 2017 at 10:56 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




ENI S.p.A. ADR
-0.81%
$55.24B


Total S.A. ADR
-1.45%
$124.52B


Exxon Mobil Corp.
-0.92%
$339.49B


BP PLC ADR
-1.20%
$114.5B


PetroChina Co. Ltd. ADR
-1.40%
$205.38B




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





CDXS

0.89%








SCI

0.12%








PKI

0.09%








ROL

0.27%








CLMT

4.04%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Investing News - Investment Articles - Investing Research

























Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Open in:



US Market Snapshot
Currencies
Commodities




















  
      Investing
    





Mutual Funds »








How OPEC committee’s coming meeting could make or break oil prices
              
              A joint OPEC and non-OPEC ministerial monitoring committee will meet Monday in Russia as the global oil market continues to struggle to reach balance in the face rising crude output from the U.S. and wavering commitment to pledged production curbs.              
              
            

11:48 a.m. July 22, 2017






Here’s a poorly kept secret about beating the market
              
              Indexing is best for those without access and special information.              
              
            

6:18 p.m. July 20, 2017






This is a sure-fire way to lower investment risk and boost return
              
              This week’s digest focuses on several problems common to investors, including owning a diverse stock and bond portfolio..              
              
            

3:28 p.m. July 14, 2017










Most popular funds ›


Fidelity Contra /quotes/zigman/226510/realtime
118.64
-0.04
-0.03%


Vanguard 500 Idx /quotes/zigman/245160/realtime
228.50
-0.08
-0.03%


CGM Tr Focus /quotes/zigman/188272/realtime
48.81
-0.19
-0.39%


Dodge Cox Stock /quotes/zigman/224556/realtime
195.98
+0.27
+0.14%


Fairholme /quotes/zigman/265845/realtime
19.44
-0.12
-0.61%


T. Rowe Price Eq Inc /quotes/zigman/240035/realtime
33.42
-0.05
-0.15%


USAA Metals Min /quotes/zigman/244622/realtime
12.78
+0.06
+0.47%








Exchange Traded Funds »








Washington News Overrides Q2 Big Bank Earnings Reports
              
              Washington News Overrides Q2 Big Bank Earnings Reports              
              
            

1:03 p.m. July 21, 2017
(Benzinga.com)












SPY



							7/21/2017 8:00pm
					



SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust


/quotes/zigman/714403/composite

246.88


-0.22
-0.09%













Exchange traded funds ›


PowerShares QQQ /quotes/zigman/105934/composite
144.11
-0.06
-0.04%


iShares Russell 2000 /quotes/zigman/260873/composite
142.55
-0.65
-0.45%


Financial Sector SPDR /quotes/zigman/246222/composite
24.80
0.00
0.00%


Energy Sector SPDR /quotes/zigman/246199/composite
65.11
-0.65
-0.99%


iShares MSCI Em Mkt /quotes/zigman/322623/composite
43.63
-0.03
-0.07%







/conga/native_unit.html
370720





Stocks »







/conga/investing/stocks/main.html
1293






Why you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks
              
              Management CV gauges financial and management performance to anticipate which companies might cut their dividends.              
              
            

12:09 p.m.  Today12:09 p.m. July 23, 2017






Attention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
              
              Jefferies analysts say investors are discounting some consumer stocks too much.              
              
            

12:09 p.m.  Today12:09 p.m. July 23, 2017










Most popular stocks  ›


BAC /quotes/zigman/190927/composite
23.80
-0.14
-0.58%


C /quotes/zigman/5065548/composite
66.00
-0.36
-0.54%


MSFT /quotes/zigman/20493/composite
73.79
-0.43
-0.58%


INTC /quotes/zigman/20392/composite
34.73
-0.02
-0.06%


CSCO /quotes/zigman/20039/composite
31.84
-0.02
-0.06%


F /quotes/zigman/264304/composite
11.53
-0.17
-1.45%


WFC /quotes/zigman/239557/composite
54.17
-0.71
-1.29%


JPM /quotes/zigman/272085/composite
90.89
-0.31
-0.34%








Bonds »








OPEC Grapples With Growing Threats to Oil Deal
              
              OPEC said Sunday it was having “intensive consultations” ahead of a gathering Monday with big oil-producing allies about growing threats to an output deal that has failed to raise crude prices.              
              
            

12:29 p.m.  Today12:29 p.m. July 23, 2017






Weekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap
              
              Here are MarketWatch articles to read this weekend.              
              
            

12:09 p.m.  Today12:09 p.m. July 23, 2017












BX:TMUBMUSD03M



							7/21/2017 4:54pm
					



U.S. 3 Month Treasury Bill


/quotes/zigman/15866657/realtime

1.1692


+0.02
+1.99%













Bonds ›


6 mo Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866663/realtime
1.10
-0.02
-1.61%


2 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866656/realtime
1.34
-0.0078
-0.58%


5 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866662/realtime
1.80
-0.01
-0.73%


10 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866666/realtime
2.24
-0.02
-1.06%


30 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866668/realtime
2.81
-0.02
-0.70%








Options »





				OPTIONS SCREENER |
				
				EXPIRATIONS |
				
				OPTIONS CHAINS |
				
				GETTING STARTED
/conga/mininav/investing-options.html
2543








Extremely low volatility could lead to a sharp, but short-lived, decline in stocks 
              
              Still, a chart of the S&P 500 reveals an undercurrent of bullishness, says Lawrence G. McMillan.              
              
            

1:42 p.m. July 19, 2017






Who trades options the most? Millennial investors
              
              Millennials are frequently criticized by market experts for the way they invest—or, more accurately, the way they’re not investing—but recent research indicates that at least some young market participants are going about things in a more sophisticated way than they’re typically given credit for.              
              
            

1:32 p.m. May 24, 2017












VIX



							7/21/2017 3:14pm
					



CBOE Volatility Index


/quotes/zigman/2766221/delayed

9.36


-0.22
-2.30%













Options ›


SPX /quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54
-0.91
-0.04%


DJIA /quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07
-31.71
-0.15%


COMP /quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75
-2.25
-0.04%


RUT /quotes/zigman/2759624/delayed
1,435.84
-6.52
-0.45%


MID /quotes/zigman/6015543/delayed
1,773.92
-4.69
-0.26%








Currencies »








Bitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
              
               Bitcoin continues to rise Saturday after miners back a software upgrade in a move that appears to avert a potential split of the digital currency into multiple versions.              
              
            

10:59 a.m.  Today10:59 a.m. July 23, 2017






Euro rally has room to run if this pattern continues to hold true
              
              The euro’s continued tear higher marks a renewed correlation with the relative performance of government bonds issued by the eurozone’s most financially stressed countries.              
              
            

8:25 a.m. July 22, 2017












USDJPY



							7/21/2017 4:59pm
					



Japanese Yen


/quotes/zigman/16008150/realtime/sampled

111.134


-0.7750
-0.6925%













One U.S. Dollar Buys ›


British Pound /quotes/zigman/16008140/realtime/sampled
1.2997
+0.0024
+0.1850%


Brazilian Real /quotes/zigman/15936989/realtime/sampled
3.1425
+0.0216
+0.6921%








Commodities »










Commodities  ›


Brent Crude /quotes/zigman/18185161/delayed
47.93
-1.37
-2.78%


Heating Oil /quotes/zigman/25024089/delayed
1.52
-0.03
-1.90%


Natural Gas /quotes/zigman/2306589/delayed
2.95
-0.09
-2.90%


Gold /quotes/zigman/7730417/delayed
1,261.10
+9.00
+0.72%


Silver /quotes/zigman/60158948/delayed
16.50
+0.16
+0.95%


Platinum /quotes/zigman/74312941/delayed
937.60
+4.40
+0.47%


Corn /quotes/zigman/25518705/delayed
393.75
-11.00
-2.72%

















Most Popular





1.






O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family






2.





Earnings Outlook

Alphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors






3.





Market Snapshot

Stocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms 






4.





The Tell

Bitcoin surges as miners avert split for now






5.






Tour de France: The 6,000 Calorie Challenge








Stock Screener »


Find your top stocks

		Identify stocks based on criteria that you select, such as price 
		movement, volume, fundamentals, technical behavior and industry. 








/conga/tools/stock-screener.html
2585








Find a Broker

Partner Center »

















            SPONSORED SECTIONS
    


Compare current broker offers 






Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




1:31 PM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:28pThis is what might be next for O.J. Simpson after parole
12:09pWeekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap
12:09pWhy you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks
12:09pAttention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
12:05pAs GDP will show, U.S. economy on same track
12:00pStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms
11:52a'Dunkirk' storms U.S. box office with $50.5 million debut
11:27aO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
11:20aActor John Heard, ‘Home Alone’ dad, dead at 71
11:07aMicrosoft rides huge tax benefit from failing at smartphones to big earnings beat 
11:06aAmazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
11:03aYogaWorks IPO pulled on valuation concerns, not market conditions
11:03aQualcomm’s issues go beyond Apple fight
11:02aPay TV expected to lose more than a million subscribers in latest quarter 
11:02aExxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
11:01aAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
11:01aChipotle earnings: Media coverage of the latest illness scare will put earnings targets at risk
11:01aNolan’s cinematic vision in ‘Dunkirk’ is Hollywood’s best defense against Netflix
11:00aGE earnings: Departing CEO Immelt’s last chance to bring good things to investors
10:59aBitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15





















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Open in:



US Market Snapshot
Currencies
Commodities
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




1:31 PM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:28pThis is what might be next for O.J. Simpson after parole
12:09pWeekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap
12:09pWhy you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks
12:09pAttention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
12:05pAs GDP will show, U.S. economy on same track
12:00pStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms
11:52a'Dunkirk' storms U.S. box office with $50.5 million debut
11:27aO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
11:20aActor John Heard, ‘Home Alone’ dad, dead at 71
11:07aMicrosoft rides huge tax benefit from failing at smartphones to big earnings beat 
11:06aAmazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
11:03aYogaWorks IPO pulled on valuation concerns, not market conditions
11:03aQualcomm’s issues go beyond Apple fight
11:02aPay TV expected to lose more than a million subscribers in latest quarter 
11:02aExxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
11:01aAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
11:01aChipotle earnings: Media coverage of the latest illness scare will put earnings targets at risk
11:01aNolan’s cinematic vision in ‘Dunkirk’ is Hollywood’s best defense against Netflix
11:00aGE earnings: Departing CEO Immelt’s last chance to bring good things to investors
10:59aBitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































American Depository Receipt Stocks/A Z Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Open in:



US Market Snapshot
Currencies
Commodities
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

American Depository Receipt Stocks A-Z


0-9A (current)BCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

A.P. - ArcelArcel - Azimu



Name
Country
Exchange
Sector




A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
United States
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
United States
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABJA)
Germany
XFRA



ABB Ltd. ADR (ABJA)
Germany
XSTU



ABB Ltd. ADR (ABJA)
Germany
XBER



ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
United States
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABJA)
United States
XETR
Industrial Machinery


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
United States
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
United States
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
United States
OOTC
Transportation Services


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
United States
OOTC
Hotels


Acer Inc. GDR (AC5G)
Germany
XSTU



Acer Inc. GDR (AC5G)
Germany
XBER



Acer Inc. GDR (ACID)
United Kingdom
XLON
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
United States
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acom Co. Ltd. ADR (ACMUY)
United States
OOTC
Consumer Finance


Acorn International Inc. ADR (ATV)
United States
XNYS
Mixed Retailing


Actelion Ltd. ADR (ALIOY)
United States
OOTC
Biotechnology


Actions Semiconductor Co. Ltd. ADR (ACTS)
United States
XNAS
Semiconductors


Actividades de Construccion y Servicios S.A. ADR (ACSAY)
United States
OOTC
Construction


Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC ADR (ADAP)
United States
XNAS
Biotechnology


Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC ADR (473A)
Germany
XFRA
Biotechnology


Adaro Energy ADR (ADOOY)
United States
OOTC
Coal


Adecco Group A.G. ADR (AHEXY)
United States
OOTC
Employment/Training Services


adidas AG ADR (ADDYY)
United States
OOTC
Footwear


adidas AG ADR (ADS1)
Germany
XSTU



adidas AG ADR (ADS1)
Germany
XFRA



adidas AG ADR (ADS1)
United States
XETR
Footwear


adidas AG ADR (ADS1)
Germany
XBER



Admiral Group PLC ADR (AMIGY)
United States
OOTC
Insurance Brokering


Adocia ADR (ADOCY)
United States
OOTC
Biotechnology


Advanced Accelerator Applications S.A. ADR (AAAP)
United States
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Advanced Accelerator Applications S.A. ADR (6VAA)
Germany
XBER
Pharmaceuticals


Advanced Info Service PCL ADR (AVIFY)
United States
OOTC
Wireless Telecommunications Services


Advanced Semiconductor Engineering Inc. ADR (ASX)
United States
XNYS
Semiconductors


Advanced Semiconductor Engineering Inc. ADR (ASXN)
Mexico
XMEX
Semiconductors


Advantest Corp. ADR (ATEYY)
United States
OOTC
Semiconductors


Aegon N.V. ADR (AEG)
United States
XNYS
Life Insurance


Aegon N.V. ADR (AENF)
United States
XETR
Life Insurance


Aeon Co. Ltd. ADR (AONNY)
United States
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


Aeroflot-Russian Airlines GDR 144A (AETG)
Germany
XFRA
Passenger Airlines


Aetna Inc. BDR (AETB34)
Brazil
BVMF
Life Insurance


African Rainbow Minerals Ltd. ADR (AFRBY)
United States
OOTC
General Mining


Ageas N.V. ADR (AGESY)
United States
OOTC
Life Insurance


AGL Energy Ltd. ADR (AGLNY)
United States
OOTC
Multiutilities


AGRIA Corp. ADR (4ACA)
Germany
XFRA
Farming


AGRIA Corp. ADR (GRO)
United States
XNYS
Farming


Agricultural Bank of China Ltd. ADR (ACGBY)
United States
OOTC
Banking


Agroton Public Ltd. ADR (A2TA)
Germany
XFRA
Farming


AIA Group Ltd. ADR (AAGIY)
United States
OOTC
Life Insurance


Aiful Corp. ADR (AIFLY)
United States
OOTC
Consumer Finance


Air China Ltd. ADR (AIRYY)
United States
OOTC
Passenger Airlines


Air France-KLM ADR (AFLYY)
United States
OOTC
Passenger Airlines


Air Liquide S.A. ADR (AIQUY)
United States
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


Airbus Group SE ADR (AIRA)
Germany
XFRA



Airbus Group SE ADR (AIRA)
United States
XETR
Aerospace Products/Parts


Airbus Group SE ADR (EADSY)
United States
OOTC
Aerospace Products/Parts


AirMedia Group Inc. ADR (AMCN)
United States
XNAS
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Aisin Seiki Co. Ltd. ADR (ASEKY)
United States
OOTC
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


Aixtron SE ADR (AIXG)
United States
XNAS
Precision Products


Aixtron SE ADR (AIXB)
Germany
XFRA



Aixtron SE ADR (AIXB)
United States
XETR
Precision Products


Aixtron SE ADR (AIXB)
Germany
XSTU



Ajinomoto Co. Inc. ADR (AJINY)
United States
OOTC
Food Products


Akari Therapeutics PLC ADR (AKTX)
United States
XNAS
Biotechnology


Akbank T.A.S. ADR (AKB2)
Germany
XSTU



Akbank T.A.S. ADR (AKBTY)
United States
OOTC
Banking


Akbank T.A.S. ADR (AKB2)
Germany
XFRA
Banking


Akzo Nobel N.V. ADR (AKZOY)
United States
OOTC
Specialty Chemicals


Alcoa Inc. BDR (AALC34)
Brazil
BVMF
Aluminum


Alfa Laval AB ADR (ALFVY)
United States
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Algae.Tec Ltd. ADR (ALGXY)
United States
OOTC
Alternative Fuel


Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. ADR (BABA)
United States
XNYS
Mixed Retailing


Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. ADR (AHLA)
Germany
XSTU



Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. ADR (AHLA)
Germany
XFRA



Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. ADR (AHLA)
United States
XETR
Mixed Retailing


Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. ADR (AHLA)
Germany
XHAN



Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. ADR (AHLA)
Germany
XBER



Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. ADR (AHLA)
Germany
XHAM



Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. ADR (AHLA)
Germany
XMUN



Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. ADR (AHLA)
Germany
XDUS



Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. ADR (BABA)
Switzerland
XSWX
Mixed Retailing


Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. ADR (BABAN)
Mexico
XMEX
Mixed Retailing


Alkane Resources Ltd. ADR (ANLKY)
United States
OOTC
General Mining


Alliance Global Group Inc. ADR (ALGGY)
United States
OOTC
Real Estate Developers


Allianz SE ADR (ALVA)
Germany
XFRA



Allianz SE ADR (ALVA)
United States
XETR
Full-Line Insurance


Allianz SE ADR (AZSEY)
United States
OOTC
Full-Line Insurance


Allied Group Ltd. ADR (ALEDY)
United States
OOTC
Diversified Holding Companies


Alpha Bank A.E. ADR (ALBKY)
United States
OOTC
Banking


Alphabet Inc. Cl A BDR (GOGL34)
Brazil
BVMF
Internet/Online


Alphabet Inc. Cl A CEDEAR (GOOGL)
Argentina
XBUE
Internet/Online


Alphabet Inc. Cl C BDR (GOGL35)
Brazil
BVMF
Internet/Online


Alps Electric Co. Ltd. ADR (APELY)
United States
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


Alstom S.A. ADR (ALSMY)
United States
OOTC
Railroads


Alumina Ltd. ADR (WMC)
Germany
XBER



Alumina Ltd. ADR (AWCMY)
United States
OOTC
Aluminum


Aluminum Corp. of China Ltd. ADR (ACH)
United States
XNYS
Aluminum


Aluminum Corp. of China Ltd. ADR (ACHN)
Mexico
XMEX
Aluminum


Aluminum Corp. of China Ltd. ADR (AOCA)
Germany
XFRA
Aluminum


Aluminum Corp. of China Ltd. ADR (AOCA)
Germany
XBER



Amadeus IT Group S.A. ADR (AMADY)
United States
OOTC
Computer Services


Amarin Corp. PLC ADR (AMRN)
United States
XNAS
Biotechnology


Amarin Corp. PLC ADR (EH3A)
Germany
XFRA
Biotechnology


Amazon.com Inc. BDR (AMZO34)
Brazil
BVMF
Mixed Retailing


Ambev S.A. ADR (ABEV)
United States
XNYS
Alcoholic Beverages/Drinks


Ambev S.A. ADR (AMNA)
Germany
XFRA
Alcoholic Beverages/Drinks


Ambev S.A. ADR (AMNA)
Germany
XMUN



Ambev S.A. ADR (AMNA)
Germany
XSTU



Ambev S.A. ADR (ABEVN)
Mexico
XMEX
Alcoholic Beverages/Drinks


Ambow Education Holding Ltd. ADR (AMBOY)
United States
OOTC
Employment/Training Services


AMEC Foster Wheeler PLC ADR (AMFW)
United States
XNYS
Oil & Gas Products/Services


Amer Sports Oyj ADR (AGPDY)
United States
OOTC
Sports Goods


America Movil S.A.B. de C.V. ADR (AMX)
United States
XNYS
Wireless Telecommunications Services


America Movil S.A.B. de C.V. Cl A ADR (AMOV)
United States
XNAS
Wireless Telecommunications Services


America Movil S.A.B. de C.V. Series L ADR (MV9L)
Germany
XFRA
Wireless Telecommunications Services


American International Group Inc. BDR (AIGB34)
Brazil
BVMF
Full-Line Insurance


Amgen Inc. BDR (AMGN34)
Brazil
BVMF
Biotechnology


AMP Ltd. ADR (AMLYY)
United States
OOTC
Life Insurance


ANA Holdings Inc. ADR (ALNPY)
United States
OOTC
Passenger Airlines


Andritz AG ADR (ADRZY)
United States
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Angang Steel Co. Ltd. ADR (ANGGY)
United States
OOTC
Iron/Steel


Anglo American Platinum Ltd. ADR (ANGPY)
United States
OOTC
Precious Metals


Anglo American PLC ADR (NGLOY)
United States
OOTC
General Mining


Anglo American PLC ADR (NGLD)
Germany
XFRA



Anglo American PLC ADR (NGLD)
Germany
XMUN



Anglo American PLC ADR (NGLD)
Germany
XSTU



Anglo American PLC ADR (NGLD)
United States
XETR
General Mining


AngloGold Ashanti Ltd. (AU)
Switzerland
XSWX
Gold


AngloGold Ashanti Ltd. ADR (AOD)
Germany
XFRA
Gold


AngloGold Ashanti Ltd. ADR (AOD)
Germany
XDUS



AngloGold Ashanti Ltd. ADR (AOD)
Germany
XMUN



AngloGold Ashanti Ltd. ADR (AOD)
Germany
XSTU



AngloGold Ashanti Ltd. ADR (AOD)
Germany
XBER



AngloGold Ashanti Ltd. ADR (AU)
United States
XNYS
Gold


AngloGold Ashanti Ltd. CUFS (AODC)
Germany
XFRA
Gold


AngloGold Ashanti Ltd. CUFS (AGG)
Australia
XASX
Gold


Anheuser-Busch InBev S.A. ADR (ITKA)
Germany
XFRA
Alcoholic Beverages/Drinks


Anheuser-Busch InBev S.A. ADR (BUD)
United States
XNYS
Alcoholic Beverages/Drinks


Anheuser-Busch InBev S.A. ADR (ITKA)
Germany
XSTU



Anhui Conch Cement Co. Ltd. (AHCHY)
United States
OOTC
Building Materials/Products


Ansaldo STS S.p.A. ADR (ASDOY)
United States
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ansell Ltd. ADR (ANSLY)
United States
OOTC
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Anta Sports Products Ltd. ADR (ANPDY)
United States
OOTC
Footwear


Apple Inc. BDR (AAPL34)
Brazil
BVMF
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Apple Inc. CEDEAR (AAPL)
Argentina
XBUE
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Arcelik A.S. ADR (ACKAY)
United States
OOTC
Housewares


ArcelorMittal ADR (MT)
United States
XNYS
Iron/Steel


ArcelorMittal ADR (MTN)
Mexico
XMEX
Iron/Steel


ArcelorMittal Cl A ADR (ARRC)
Germany
XFRA




«12»










Log In




1:31 PM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:28pThis is what might be next for O.J. Simpson after parole
12:09pWeekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap
12:09pWhy you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks
12:09pAttention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
12:05pAs GDP will show, U.S. economy on same track
12:00pStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms
11:52a'Dunkirk' storms U.S. box office with $50.5 million debut
11:27aO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
11:20aActor John Heard, ‘Home Alone’ dad, dead at 71
11:07aMicrosoft rides huge tax benefit from failing at smartphones to big earnings beat 
11:06aAmazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
11:03aYogaWorks IPO pulled on valuation concerns, not market conditions
11:03aQualcomm’s issues go beyond Apple fight
11:02aPay TV expected to lose more than a million subscribers in latest quarter 
11:02aExxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
11:01aAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
11:01aChipotle earnings: Media coverage of the latest illness scare will put earnings targets at risk
11:01aNolan’s cinematic vision in ‘Dunkirk’ is Hollywood’s best defense against Netflix
11:00aGE earnings: Departing CEO Immelt’s last chance to bring good things to investors
10:59aBitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































RDS.A Stock Price - Royal Dutch Shell PLC ADR Cl A Stock Quote (U.S.: NYSE) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,580.07


-31.71


-0.15%











S&P 500

2,472.54


-0.91


-0.04%











Nasdaq

6,387.75


-2.25


-0.04%











GlobalDow

2,833.20


-8.47


-0.30%











Gold

1,261.10


9.00


0.72%











Oil

45.60


-1.32


-2.81%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



CTAS 
9.2




COF 
8.6




ETFC 
5.1




SYF 
4.5






HP
-5.5




ISRG
-4.6




HBAN
-4.4




CHK
-3.1














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








12:28p

This is what might be next for O.J. Simpson after parole



12:09p

Updated
Weekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap



12:09p

Updated
Why you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks



12:09p

Updated
Attention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks



12:05p

As GDP will show, U.S. economy on same track



12:00p

Stocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms



11:52a

Updated
'Dunkirk' storms U.S. box office with $50.5 million debut



11:27a

Updated
O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family



11:20a

Actor John Heard, ‘Home Alone’ dad, dead at 71



11:07a

Updated
Microsoft rides huge tax benefit from failing at smartphones to big earnings beat 












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


ADRs


RDS.A


Overview



Compare Quotes
Market Screener
Sectors

 



RDS.A
U.S.: NYSE


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Royal Dutch Shell PLC ADR Cl A

Watchlist 
CreateRDS.AAlert



  


After Hours

Last Updated: Jul 21, 2017 4:04 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
54.05



-0.01
-0.02%



After Hours Volume:
6.5K





Close
Chg
Chg %




$54.06
-0.28
-0.52%





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




124.9% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    4.1M
                


                65 Day Avg. - 3.3M
            





Open: 54.56
Close: 54.06



53.9400
Day Low/High
54.6100





Day Range



46.5700
52 Week Low/High
56.3900


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$54.56



Day Range
53.9400 - 54.6100



52 Week Range
46.5700 - 56.3900



Market Cap
$223.32B



Shares Outstanding
2.26B



Public Float
2.26B



Beta
1.02



Rev. per Employee
$2.7M



P/E Ratio
30.55



EPS
$1.77



Yield
6.96%



Dividend
$0.94



Ex-Dividend Date
May 17, 2017



Short Interest
5.25M
06/30/17


% of Float Shorted
0.23%



Average Volume
3.25M




 


Performance




5 Day


0.58%







1 Month


2.76%







3 Month


5.15%







YTD


-0.59%







1 Year


-1.91%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones











Exxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?

Jul. 23, 2017 at 11:01 a.m. ET
by Claudia Assis










Where to put your money now that the dollar is sinking

Jul. 20, 2017 at 4:54 p.m. ET
by Michael Brush









BP approaches possible buyers of North Sea assets
LONDON-- BP PLC has approached potential buyers of its oil-and-gas production assets in the North Sea, people familiar with the matter said, around 50 years after the once-state-owned company helped pioneer deepwater extraction there.

Jul. 20, 2017 at 7:43 a.m. ET
by MarketWatch.com









Shell sells Irish gas field stake for $1.2 billion
LONDON-- Royal Dutch Shell PLC sold its stake in a controversial Irish gas field for up to $1.23 billion to one of Canada's biggest pension funds in a deal that will result in accounting losses of as much as $750 million for the Anglo-Dutch energy company.

Jul. 12, 2017 at 7:11 a.m. ET
by MarketWatch.com









Australia to regulate exports of natural gas
CANBERRA, Australia - Australia's conservative government will go ahead with legislation to put export controls on gas, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said Tuesday. "We are taking immediate action to put downward pressure on power prices and ensure reliable and secure energy for all Australians," Mr.

Jun. 19, 2017 at 11:59 p.m. ET
by MarketWatch.com









Eni profit jumps as oil prices rebound
MILAN--Eni SpA's (ENI.MI) profit more than tripled in the first quarter as the Italian oil company, like its larger peers, benefited from a surge in the price of crude. Adjusted operating profit, which strips out one-time items such as asset sales, rose to 1.83 billion euros ($1.99 billion) in the three months to the end of March from EUR583 million in the same period last year.

May. 10, 2017 at 2:51 a.m. ET
by MarketWatch.com









Shell profits soar as oil sector makes a comeback
LONDON-- Royal Dutch Shell PLC Thursday reported a sharp increase in profit in the first quarter, rounding off a bumper set of results for the world's biggest oil companies as years of cost-cutting and a fragile recovery in oil prices begin to pay off.

May. 4, 2017 at 3:54 a.m. ET
by MarketWatch.com









Shell quarterly profit surges 
LONDON-- Royal Dutch Shell PLC Thursday reported a sharp increase in net profits in the first quarter, capping off a bumper set of results for the world's biggest oil companies as years of cost-cutting and a fragile recovery in oil prices begin to pay off.

May. 4, 2017 at 2:55 a.m. ET
by MarketWatch.com









What to watch in Shell's earnings: Profit in focus
Royal Dutch Shell PLC is set to announce its first-quarter earnings on Thursday before the market opens in London. Here's what you need to know: EARNINGS FORECAST: The oil giant is expected to report a net income of $3.3 billion for the first quarter, compared with a profit of $484 million in the same period a year earlier, according to consensus estimates published by S&P Global Market Intelligence.

May. 3, 2017 at 2:36 a.m. ET
by MarketWatch.com









BP is latest oil major to return to profit
LONDON-- BP PLC was the latest big oil company to report a sharp increase in profit Tuesday, adding to optimism that the sector may have passed the worst following the dramatic slump in energy prices.

May. 2, 2017 at 8:04 a.m. ET
by MarketWatch.com









Exxon profit jump a sign of recovery in energy
The world's biggest oil companies are seeing their highest quarterly profits in more than a year. Exxon Mobil Corp. on Friday reported its best quarter since 2015, notching a $4 billion profit. It was more than double what it posted in the first quarter a year ago, when crude prices fell to the lowest level since 2003.

Apr. 28, 2017 at 10:13 a.m. ET
by MarketWatch.com









Elliott puts pressure on BHP to exploit tax quirk


Apr. 12, 2017 at 3:04 a.m. ET










In the midst of an oil-price slump, one area in Texas is enjoying a bit of a boom

Apr. 10, 2017 at 3:17 a.m. ET
by Claudia Assis









Shell agrees gas supply deals in Australia


Apr. 6, 2017 at 2:20 a.m. ET









Shell starts offloading its New Zealand assets


Apr. 5, 2017 at 10:14 p.m. ET









DCC buys Shell's Hong Kong LPG unit; CEO to leave


Apr. 5, 2017 at 2:27 a.m. ET










Trump’s intriguing idea: Cut debt by selling off federal assets

Mar. 29, 2017 at 9:05 a.m. ET
by Paul Brandus










Marathon Oil is a bright spot in oil stocks after Permian Basin buy

Mar. 11, 2017 at 11:28 a.m. ET
by Claudia Assis










This is where the real risk for oil prices kicks in

Mar. 9, 2017 at 9:33 a.m. ET
by Barbara Kollmeyer









Shell CEO's pay rises 60% in 2016


Mar. 9, 2017 at 7:46 a.m. ET














Shell to Sell U.K., Thai Assets for Almost $5 Billion

Jan. 31, 2017 at 10:38 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Corruption Currents: Nigeria to Charge Shell, Eni in Oil-Graft Scandal

Jan. 30, 2017 at 5:41 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Big Oil Firms Look to Save, While Smaller Upstarts Want to Spend

Jan. 29, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Nigeria Court Orders Shell and Eni to Give Up Oil Field Amid Corruption Probe

Jan. 27, 2017 at 3:26 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










U.K. Judge Blocks Nigeria Oil Spill Suits Against Shell

Jan. 26, 2017 at 12:45 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Trump Victory Slows Business Investment in Iran

Jan. 18, 2017 at 5:30 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Oil Rises as Traders Rely on Promised Output Cuts

Jan. 6, 2017 at 4:20 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Shell Seeks to Streamline in 2017

Jan. 3, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Nymex Trading Pits Shut Down, Marking End of an Era

Dec. 29, 2016 at 11:51 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Energy Giants Seek Chinese Minnows in Bid to Shift Gas Glut

Dec. 29, 2016 at 5:30 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










BP Agrees to Buy Woolworths Fuels Business for $1.29 Billion

Dec. 28, 2016 at 4:10 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Oil Producers Turn to Wind Power

Dec. 26, 2016 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Obama’s ‘Permanent’ Drilling Freeze

Dec. 21, 2016 at 6:53 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










As the Oil-Sands Industry Declines, Its Biggest Champion Bolts

Dec. 19, 2016 at 4:33 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










2016 Was a Very Good Year for Stock Market Contrarians

Dec. 19, 2016 at 12:59 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










BP Strikes $2.2 Billion Deal for 10% Stake in UAE Oil Fields

Dec. 17, 2016 at 7:24 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Aramco Deals Face Uncertainty Under Trump Administration

Dec. 16, 2016 at 2:45 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Shell’s Simon Henry Steps Down as CFO

Dec. 15, 2016 at 3:18 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Statoil Exits Production in Canadian Oil Sands

Dec. 14, 2016 at 8:43 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










BP Internal Report Reveals Near-Miss Accidents

Dec. 13, 2016 at 11:41 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






These Stocks Will Struggle Should Oil & Gas Prices Not Pick Up
There are still a host of bearish factors that might induce oil???s fall into the mid-$30s and spell doom for investors. 

Jul. 21, 2017 at 5:17 p.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Why Add Strong Dividend Stocks to Your Value Portfolio?
Why Add Strong Dividend Stocks to Your Value Portfolio?

Jul. 21, 2017 at 2:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





 Who on Wall Street Downgraded Chevron ahead of Q2 Earnings? 
In this series, we examined the estimates for Chevron’s (CVX) 2Q17 earnings. We also considered its segmental outlook and stock performance ahead of its earnings release.

Jul. 20, 2017 at 2:55 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





 Do Chevron’s Q2 Segmental Earnings Prospects Look Better? 
Before we proceed with Chevron's (CVX) 2Q17 segmental outlook, let's take a look at 1Q17 segmental performance.

Jul. 20, 2017 at 2:55 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





 Chevron’s 2Q17 Estimates: Can We Expect Better Numbers? 
Chevron (CVX) is expected to post its 2Q17 results on July 28, 2017. Before we proceed with the 2Q17 estimates, let’s recap Chevron’s 1Q17 performance versus estimates.

Jul. 20, 2017 at 2:55 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





 Analyst Ratings for Shell: Pre-Earnings Review for 2Q17 
Shell (RDS.A) is covered by 11 analysts. Of the total, ten analysts assigned a “buy” or “strong buy” ratings, one assigned a “hold” rating, and no one has assigned “sell” or “strong sell” ratings on the stock.

Jul. 18, 2017 at 10:37 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





 What’s the Pre-Earnings Price Estimate for Shell Stock? 
Implied volatility in Shell has fallen from 17.4% on April 3, 2017, to the current level of 15.7%. During the same period, Shell stock rose 1.7%.

Jul. 18, 2017 at 10:37 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





 Where Have Shell’s Moving Averages Trended ahead of Its Earnings? 
Currently, Shell’s 50-day moving average stands just 2% above its 200-day moving average.

Jul. 18, 2017 at 10:37 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





Anderson Hoagland & Co Buys Enterprise Financial Services Corp, Novanta Inc, Siemens AG, ...
Anderson Hoagland & Co Buys Enterprise Financial Services Corp, Novanta Inc, Siemens AG, Sells Danaher Corp, Johnson & Johnson, Paychex Inc

Jul. 19, 2017 at 1:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





BP Explores Pipeline Asset Sale to Form MLP & Make it Public
BP is considering spinning off its 3,500 mile pipeline business in the US into a master limited partnership by the end of this year and file for its IPO.

Jul. 19, 2017 at 10:30 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





 Has Shell Stock Surged Pre-2Q17 Earnings? 
Since April 3, 2017, WTI prices have slumped 9.1%. The downtrend in oil prices is primarily due to oversupply concerns, which exist despite the OPEC cut. 

Jul. 18, 2017 at 10:37 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





Seeking Value in the Oil Industry: Marathon Oil
Seeking Value in the Oil Industry: Marathon Oil

Jul. 19, 2017 at 10:04 a.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





 How Are Shell’s Second Quarter Segmental Prospects? 
Shell’s Upstream segment's earnings, which fell to about -$1.4 billion in 1Q16, turned to a profit of $540 million in 1Q17 on a CCS EII basis.

Jul. 18, 2017 at 10:37 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





 Shell’s 2Q17 Estimates: Will Its Earnings Beat Estimates? 
Royal Dutch Shell (RDS.A) is expected to release its 2Q17 results on July 27, 2017. In 1Q17, Shell's revenues surpassed Wall Street analyst estimates by 3%.

Jul. 18, 2017 at 10:37 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





Wall Street Breakfast: More Record Highs For Equities?
Wall Street Breakfast: More Record Highs For Equities?

Jul. 19, 2017 at 7:13 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Oil & Gas Stock Roundup: Deals from Shell, Halcon & Abraxas
Supermajor Royal Dutch Shell (RDS.A) as well as producers Halcon Resources (HK) and Abraxas Petroleum (AXAS) announced separate deals to offload major chunk of non-core holdings.

Jul. 18, 2017 at 5:10 p.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Brent Is At $48 And Royal Dutch Pays A 6.97% Dividend - Enough Said
Brent Is At $48 And Royal Dutch Pays A 6.97% Dividend - Enough Said

Jul. 18, 2017 at 11:25 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





 Is Suncor’s 2Q17 Segmental Outlook Positive? 
Suncor’s Exploration and Production segment, which had posted an operating loss in 1Q16, reported a profit in 1Q17.

Jul. 17, 2017 at 10:46 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





 Suncor’s 2Q17 Estimates: What to Expect 
Suncor Energy (SU) is expected to post its 2Q17 results on July 26, 2017. According to analysts’ estimates, Suncor is expected to post EPS of $0.27 Canadian in 2Q17.

Jul. 17, 2017 at 10:46 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





T Rowe Price Equity Income Fund Buys Tyson Foods Inc, Southern Co, Fifth Third Bancorp, Sells ...
T Rowe Price Equity Income Fund Buys Tyson Foods Inc, Southern Co, Fifth Third Bancorp, Sells Royal Dutch Shell PLC, The AES Corp, Marsh & McLennan Inc

Jul. 17, 2017 at 6:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com









North America Oil And Gas Process Automation And Instrumentation Market Forecast 2017-2024
North America Oil And Gas Process Automation And Instrumentation Market Forecast 2017-2024

Jul. 20, 2017 at 7:00 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Natural Gas and LNG Market to 2025 - India Analysis and Forecasts by End-users
Natural Gas and LNG Market to 2025 - India Analysis and Forecasts by End-users

Jul. 20, 2017 at 3:38 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Lubricants Market for Off-road Sector - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 - 2024
Lubricants Market for Off-road Sector - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 - 2024

Jul. 19, 2017 at 7:26 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





The Floating Liquefied Natural Gas (FLNG) Market Forecast 2017-2027
The Floating Liquefied Natural Gas (FLNG) Market Forecast 2017-2027

Jul. 19, 2017 at 3:39 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





EthyleneMarket: Global Industry Analysis, Trends, Market Size & Forecasts to 2023
EthyleneMarket: Global Industry Analysis, Trends, Market Size & Forecasts to 2023

Jul. 18, 2017 at 6:41 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





ButaneMarket: Global Industry Analysis, Trends, Market Size & Forecasts to 2023
ButaneMarket: Global Industry Analysis, Trends, Market Size & Forecasts to 2023

Jul. 18, 2017 at 6:34 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Automotive Engine Oil Market Report 2017-2027
Automotive Engine Oil Market Report 2017-2027

Jul. 17, 2017 at 9:26 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Royal Dutch Shell plc: Voting Rights and Capital
Royal Dutch Shell plc: Voting Rights and Capital

Jun. 30, 2017 at 5:15 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Royal Dutch Shell plc: Director/PDMR Shareholding
Royal Dutch Shell plc: Director/PDMR Shareholding

Jun. 29, 2017 at 2:26 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Breakfast Technical Briefing on Oil & Gas Stocks -- Royal Dutch Shell, Statoil, TOTAL, and YPF Sociedad Anonima
Breakfast Technical Briefing on Oil & Gas Stocks -- Royal Dutch Shell, Statoil, TOTAL, and YPF Sociedad Anonima

Jun. 29, 2017 at 6:10 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Royal Dutch Shell plc: Notification and Public Disclosure in Accordance With the Requirements of the EU Market Abuse Regulation of Transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities
Royal Dutch Shell plc: Notification and Public Disclosure in Accordance With the Requirements of the EU Market Abuse Regulation of Transactions by Persons Discharging Managerial Responsibilities

Jun. 28, 2017 at 2:15 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Royal Dutch Shell plc : Director/PDMR Shareholding
Royal Dutch Shell plc : Director/PDMR Shareholding

Jun. 28, 2017 at 1:04 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Global Industrial Lubricant Market: Analysis By Product Base Oil, By Type, By Industry Application, By Region, By Country: Opportunities and Forecast - By Base Oil , By type , By Application
Global Industrial Lubricant Market: Analysis By Product Base Oil, By Type, By Industry Application, By Region, By Country: Opportunities and Forecast - By Base Oil , By type , By Application

Jun. 28, 2017 at 9:36 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Royal Dutch Shell Plc: Advance Notice of Q2 2017 Results Announcement
Royal Dutch Shell Plc: Advance Notice of Q2 2017 Results Announcement

Jun. 27, 2017 at 11:33 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Royal Dutch Shell plc: Issuance of New Shares
Royal Dutch Shell plc: Issuance of New Shares

Jun. 26, 2017 at 6:24 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Alpha Olefins Market 2017-2027
Alpha Olefins Market 2017-2027

Jun. 21, 2017 at 4:42 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Transformer Oil Market, Silicone-based Oil, and Bio-based Oil; Application - Power Transformers and Distribution Transformers - Global Industry Analysis Size Share Growth Trends and Forecast 2016 - 2024
Transformer Oil Market, Silicone-based Oil, and Bio-based Oil; Application - Power Transformers and Distribution Transformers - Global Industry Analysis Size Share Growth Trends and Forecast 2016 - 2024

Jun. 20, 2017 at 3:08 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Royal Dutch Shell plc: Additional Listing
Royal Dutch Shell plc: Additional Listing

Jun. 19, 2017 at 7:44 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





ROYAL DUTCH SHELL PLC Report on Payments to Governments for the Year 2016
ROYAL DUTCH SHELL PLC Report on Payments to Governments for the Year 2016

Jun. 13, 2017 at 8:58 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Royal Dutch Shell plc First Quarter 2017 Euro and GBP Equivalent Dividend Payments
Royal Dutch Shell plc First Quarter 2017 Euro and GBP Equivalent Dividend Payments

Jun. 12, 2017 at 12:24 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF











Royal Dutch Shell PLC ADR Cl A


            
            Royal Dutch Shell Plc engages in the oil and natural gas production. It operates through three segments: Upstream, Downstream, and Corporate. The Upstream segment combines the operating segments Upstream International and Upstream Americas, which are engaged in exploring for and recovering crude oil and natural gas; the liquefaction and transportation of gas; the extraction of bitumen from oil sands that is converted into synthetic crude oil; and wind energy. The Downstream segment engages in manufacturing, supply and distribution, and marketing activities for oil products and chemicals; alternative energy; and CO2 management. The Corporate segment represents the support functions, comprising holdings and treasury, headquarters, central functions and its self-insurance activities. The company was founded in February 1907 and is headquartered in The Hague, Netherlands.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  




Analyst Ratings



Sell
Under
Hold
Over
Buy

Number of Ratings 38
Full Ratings 





Who on Wall Street Downgraded Chevron ahead of Q2 Earnings?


Jul. 20, 2017 at 2:55 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





Analyst Ratings for Shell: Pre-Earnings Review for 2Q17


Jul. 18, 2017 at 10:37 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





10 Reasons To Own FleetCor During The Second Half Of 2017


Jul. 13, 2017 at 10:56 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




ENI S.p.A. ADR
-0.81%
$55.24B


Total S.A. ADR
-1.45%
$124.52B


Exxon Mobil Corp.
-0.92%
$339.49B


BP PLC ADR
-1.20%
$114.5B


PetroChina Co. Ltd. ADR
-1.40%
$205.38B




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





CDXS

0.89%








SCI

0.12%








PKI

0.09%








ROL

0.27%








CLMT

4.04%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.








































Advertiser:	 Royal Dutch Shell plc Brand name:	 Shell Product:	Shell Gas Cylinders Agency:	 J Walter Thompson Country:	Thailand Category:	Other veh… | Pinterest
















































































Explore Royal Dutch Shell, Can Opener, and more!Royal Dutch ShellCan OpenerShellsWalter O'brienRoyalsVehiclesCopywriterArt DirectorNamesForwardAdvertiser: Royal Dutch Shell plc Brand name: Shell Product: Shell Gas Cylinders Agency: J Walter Thompson Country: Thailand Category: Other vehicles, auto products & services Released: March 1999 Credits & Description: Creators Copywriter: SUNUN CHAROENPUNPERM Art Director: VEERASAK CHOM-NGARMSee MoreFilm FestivalGayUniversityBangkokOctoberCopywriterArt DirectorFestivalsNamesForwardBrand name: Communication Arts Of Chulalongkorn University Product: Bangkok Gay Film Festival Agency: Results Advertising Country: Thailand Category: Festivals Released: October 1999 Credits & Description: Creators Copywriter: KITTI CHAIYAPORN Art Director: PRAPAIPIM PRAYONGYAM Account Supervisor: MATHANAPAR POSHYANANDASee MoreElectric FanBangkokFansCopywriterArt DirectorKitchensCountryPrint AdsProductsForwardBrand name: Grandlite Enterprise Co Product: Aiko Electric Fan Agency: BBDO Bangkok Country: Thailand Released: January 2001 Credits & Description: Creators Copywriter: SUTHISAK SUCHARITTANONTA Art Director: Thirasak ThanapatanakulSee MoreChickenSeptemberBloodCopywriterArt DirectorNamesCountryPrint AdsProductsForwardBrand name: Cerebos Product: Brand's Essence Of Chicken With Tangkwei Agency: Ammirati Puris Lintas (thailand) Country: Thailand Released: September 1998 Credits & Description: Creators Copywriter: SURACHAI PONGPRASOBCHAI Art Director: ANAN NUNSAI Account Supervisor: CHAKRIT TACHANAPARAKSee MoreSeptemberCopywriterArt DirectorEyesCountryPrint AdsProductsThailandForwardProduct: Adasia '99 Agency: Dentsu Y&R Country: Thailand Released: September 2000 Credits & Description: Creators Copywriter: NUVEE LERTBUNNAPONG Art Director: VINIJ AUR-AROONCHAISee MoreChairsBangkokEuroPostsPrint AdsThailandForwardPost-it: "CHAIR" Print Ad by Euro Rscg FlagshipSee MoreSwimmersMercedes BenzCopywriterArt DirectorOriginalsNamesCountryPrint AdsProductsForwardView original Download Hi-Res Advertiser: Daimler AG Brand name: Mercedes-Benz Product: Kompressor Agency: LOWE Country: Thailand Released: March 2003 Credits & Description: Creators Copywriter: Subun Khow Art Director: Vancelee Teng Account Supervisor: Advertiser Supervisor: VigrantPheasantBicyclesBangkokCopywriterArt DirectorNamesCountryPrint AdsProductsForwardBrand name: Thai Bicycle Industry Co. Product: Pheasant Bicycles Agency: BBDO Bangkok Country: Thailand Category: Bicycles Released: July 1999 Credits & Description: Creators Copywriter: SUTHISAK SUCHARITTANONTA Art Director: PACHAYA RUNGRUENGSee MoreBangkokPrint AdsThailandForwardHalls: "DELIVERY" Print Ad by JWT BangkokKitchenwareTablewareSteamersCookwareStainless SteelOgilvy MatherNovemberCopywriterArt DirectorForwardBrand name: Satien Stainless Steel Product: Vitalux Club Kitchenware Agency: Ogilvy & Mather Thailand Country: Thailand Category: Tableware, Cookware Released: November 1998 Credits & Description: Creators Copywriter: JUNTIGA NASUNEE Art Director: VASAN WANGPAITOON Account Supervisor: SORADA TANTIWANICHPinterestSearchfacebookLog in with FacebookLog in with GooglePrivacy







3d189b3a56592feb64849e7f2ce1d76d














































































 RISK MANAGEMENT @ ROYAL DUTCH SHELL PLC |
 
 The Case Centre, for educators
 




























































 By continuing to use our site you consent to the use of cookies as described in
 our privacy policy
 unless you have disabled them.You can change your cookie
 settings at any time but parts of our site will not function correctly without them.
 


 CLOSE
 





















Privacy & cookies    
Contact us | 
About us | 










home
 
educators
 
programme administrators
 
corporate customers
 
students


















login or register
 













Home



About us



Organisation



Our history



What we do





40th anniversary



Introduction



Timeline 1973-2013



Anniversary conference



Case method forum



Top 40 cases



Our bestselling authors



Interviews with deans





Membership



Find out more



How to become a member



List of members





People



Meet our team



Executive committee



Director's blog



Contact us



Job opportunities





Locations



UK office



US office





News & press info



News items



Press information



Brand guidelines



E-bulletin





Website



Feedback



Scheduled downtime







Case method



Discover



Make your classroom come alive



Use cases with undergrads



Watch video clips





Training



Current events



Open programme



Customised training



Sessions for students



Tutor profiles





Teaching cases



A brief guide



Video clips



Choosing cases



Case teaching workshops



Competition





Writing cases



A brief guide



Video clips



Submitting cases



Case writing workshops



Scholarships



Competitions





Resources



Books



Articles



Video clips



Features



Free cases



Featured cases



Connect newsletter



Case Writing & Teaching Exchange



5 minutes with...





Research



Existing projects





Competitions



Outstanding Case Writer



Outstanding New Case Writer



Outstanding Case Writer: Hot Topic



Outstanding Case Teacher



Outstanding Contribution to the Case Method



Writing competitions



Student competitions





The Case Centre Awards



About the awards



2017 winners



Previous winners





Conferences



Current events



PDWs







Submit cases



Submit your collection



Benefits & process





Submit your case



Why submit?



How to submit



Copyright



Withdrawal policy





Online case submission



An introduction





Scholarships



Info & application



Current recipients



Scholarship cases





Case writing guidance



Resources



Teaching notes



Case release



Video clips



Case Writing & Teaching Exchange



Bestselling authors





Translating a case



Request permission





Book permissions



Request permission







Ordering



What's available



An overview



Cases



Management articles



Book chapters



Instructor materials



Case method books



Multimedia



Videos



Video clips from Prendismo



Try something new





Selecting products



Searching online



Online inspection copies



Keeping up to date



Popular products



Featured cases



Rate & Review Forums



Product usage stats





Info about ordering



How to order - an overview



Electronic downloads



CoursePack Creator



Printed copies



Media items



Pricing



Payment options



Shipping options & costs





Copyright



Guidelines



Translating a case



Book permissions







My account



Login





CoursePack Creator



Introduction



Watch the demos



Login





Browse & buy








Search for:


All products
Book
Book chapter
Case
Instructor material
Management article
Multimedia
Software
Video






Search by:


All fields
Reference no.
Title
Author's name
Publisher
Author's institution
Abstract
Topic/industry
Location







 Keywords:
 










 Exact matches only
 









 I want instructor materials available
 















 I want a prizewinner
 













 Go to advanced search 
 





























Printer-friendly version 







Product details




Share this page:











































 Please find below the full details of the product you clicked a link to view.









 RISK MANAGEMENT @ ROYAL DUTCH SHELL PLC 
 






 Case 
 
-

 Reference no. 111-072-1 
 







Authors:

D Satish; Manish Agarwal





Published by:

 IBS Case Development Center 
 (2011)
 
 



Length:
15 pages










Data source:
Published sources



Topics:

Risk management; Financial risk management; Royal Dutch Shell Plc; Financial risks; Other risk; Market risk; Credit risk; Foreign exchange risk; Management of interest rate risk; Management of price risk; Management of liquidity risk; Health, safety, security and environmental risk




Abstract:

 The case study provides a fundamental understanding of the different kinds of risks and their management. The case explains the risks facing the largest oil company of the world - Royal Dutch Shell Plc. The case further explains the management of each risk faced by the company. The case will help the students: 1) To demonstrate the understanding of the nature of various risks and alternative tools available for managing them; 2) To explain the various risks faced by Shell and the limitations of risk management; 3) To analyze the various costs involved in effective risk management. The case is meant for MBA / MS level students as part of a financial risk management / risk management curriculum. 
 




Settings:

Netherlands, Europe, Oil and gas



Related:








 RISK MANAGEMENT @ ROYAL DUTCH SHELL PLC 
 






 Teaching note 
 
-

 Reference no. 111-072-8 
 




















 No reviews
 




  |
 


Write a review





View usage





















 SHARE
 


























 View our pricing guide
 or 
login to see prices.
 
























Customers who bought this product also bought...
View up to ten items most often purchased with this product.




Ref no: 111-080-1
VALUE AT RISK: MORGAN STANLEY



Ref no: TCJ03-01-04
ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT AT GREAT PLAINS ENERGY



Ref no: JIACS14-07-08
URBAN OUTREACH MINISTRIES' ORGANIC GARDENS: DEVELOPING A SUSTAINABLE, TRIPLE-BOTTOM-LINE BUSINESS FOR A NONPROFIT SOCIAL ENTERPRISE



Ref no: 810-025-5
DIRTY WHITE SWANS: COULD UNEXPECTED EXTREME EVENTS PUT YOU OUT OF BUSINESS?



Ref no: 105-015-1
THE LUCENT ACCOUNTING SCANDAL



Ref no: 109-023-1
THE SOCIETE GENERALE FIASCO: LESSONS IN RISK MANAGEMENT



Ref no: JIACS15-05-11
CHANGING THE HR FUNCTION AT BELLA'S: A CASE STUDY



Ref no: 711-005-1
BP AND THE GULF OIL DISASTER: MAKING TOUGH CHOICES



Ref no: 709-067-1
CEOS IN THE US: ARE THEY OVERPAID?



Ref no: 808-010-1
FAMILY GOVERNANCE: ORGANISING A FAMILY MEETING










Customers who viewed this product also viewed...
View up to ten items most often browsed with this product.




Ref no: R1001X
OVERPROMOTED AND OVER HIS HEAD  HBR Case Study



Ref no: 9-204-710
DOW CHEMICALS BID FOR THE PRIVATIZATION OF PBB IN ARGENTINA, SPREADSHEET



Ref no: R00414
ENTREPRENEURS VERSUS EXECUTIVES AT SOCABA.COM  Commentary for HBR Case Study



Ref no: 395-098-1
THE SECOND STAGE EXPRESSWAY SYSTEM (SES) IN BANGKOK



Ref no: OMER6-0TA1
ACTIVE EXCEL MODELS TO TEACH LOCATION AND THE CENTER-OF-GRAVITY METHOD



Ref no: 410-027-1
MICROSOFT CORPORATION: BEST PRACTICES IN HUMAN RESOURCE MANAGEMENT



Ref no: NAC2419
SOUTHWEST AIRLINES: THE BLENDED WINGLET PROJECT



Ref no: UVA-C-2332
RATIOS TELL A STORY - 2011



Ref no: 305-258-1
SHANGHAI GENERAL MOTORS: THE RISE OF A LATE-COMER



Ref no: 312-275-1
JENGSHI SHIPYARD OF CSRG: CORPORATE STRATEGY OF A CHINESE COMPANY










Your recently viewed items
View up to the last ten items that you browsed. Fancy something different? Find out what's new >




Ref no: 111-072-1
RISK MANAGEMENT @ ROYAL DUTCH SHELL PLC
















Site map






 About us


Become a member

Brand guidelines

News

Our 40th anniversary

What we do


 Ordering


CoursePack Creator

How do I order?

Keep up to date with email updates

Pricing

Shipping options

Terms of business

What's available from us?




 Case method


An introduction to the case method

Books & articles

Competitions

E-bulletin - The Case Centre Connect

Features

Free cases

The Case Centre Awards and Competitions

Training events

Video clips


 Product search


Getting started

Search for teaching materials

Try something new




 My account


New to The Case Centre? Register


 Submit to us


Case writing resources

Case writing scholarships

How to submit your case

Online case submission

Why submit your case to us?












 The Case Centre is dedicated to advancing the case method worldwide,
 sharing knowledge, wisdom and experience to inspire and transform business
 education across the globe.
 

 © Copyright The Case Centre, 2017
 

Contact |
 Privacy & cookies |
 Site compatibility








 The Case Centre is a not-for-profit company limited by guarantee,
 registered in England No 1129396 and entered in the Register of Charities No 267516.
 VAT No GB 870 9608 93. It is also the trading name of The Case Centre USA,
 a non-profit making company. Tax ID No 04-31-43431.
 







    Shell Global | Shell Global                                                Skip to main content        Home - Shell Global              Search     What are you looking for?     Submit      Top searches    Safety Data Sheets     Loyalty     Annual Reports     Shell Eco-marathon     Careers      Your recent searches    How can we help?     Job search       Students and graduates       Shell station locator       Shell credit cards                                    Bridges to the future of energy   In this speech in Istanbul, Turkey, Shell's Chief Executive Ben van Beurden emphasises the importance of taking a global perspective on the challenge of tackling climate change.              Next stop Australia: Prelude sets sail   Powerful tugboats pull Shell’s floating liquefied natural gas facility 5,800 kilometres from South Korea to Western Australia.              The hyperactive child who never gave up   Johari bin Brahim used the skills he acquired from Shell LiveWIRE Brunei to launch two businesses and has just won a $24 million contract. He tells Inside Energy why he’s not stopping there.              The Paris agreement: can it survive?   It is crucial that the Paris agreement remains in place, says Shell’s Chief Climate Change Advisor David Hone. It underpins the need for the ongoing energy transition to also deliver a world of net-zero emissions.        Previous   Next     0          How can we help?     Job search     Shell station locator     Shell credit cards            Featured content                 A drive for cleaner air   Hydrogen cars could play a key role in the future of transport. But what are they like to drive?                Shell’s Sustainability and Annual Report   Read our 2016 documents to discover how we work responsibly to meet the world’s growing demand for more and cleaner energy.                A record-breaking offshore lift   After decades supplying oil and gas, some North Sea platforms are nearing the end of their lives. See how the 24,200-tonne Brent Delta was lifted and carried to an industrial recycling centre more than 700 kilometres away.                 Asia’s quest for a cleaner future   Inside Energy interviews experts about the challenges facing Japan - an economic powerhouse with few energy resources of its own.              Latest news          Shell to divest Upstream interests in Ireland for up to $1.23 billion   Jul 12, 2017         Shell purchases deep-water production and storage vessel   Jul 11, 2017         Prelude FLNG begins its journey to Australia   Jun 29, 2017         Shell welcomes report on climate-related transparency   Jun 29, 2017                   Inspiring the next generation of female engineers  Katie Clasen is an Operations Support Engineer in California, USA. A commitment to community and innovation were among the values that inspired her to join Shell. “My voice is now part of the global conversation about how to address future energy needs in a sustainable way”.    Read Katie’s story                         You may also be interested in                 Our major projects                  Natural gas                  Innovating together                  Shell credit cards                                   


Royal Dutch Shell - Wikipedia






















 






Royal Dutch Shell

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Shell Company" redirects here. It is not to be confused with Shell corporation.

Royal Dutch Shell plc





Headquarters in The Hague, Netherlands




Type

Public limited company


Traded as
LSE: RDSA, RDSB
Euronext: RDSA, RDSB
NYSE: RDS.A, RDS.B
FTSE 100 Component


ISIN
GB00B03MLX29


Industry
Oil and gas


Predecessor
Royal Dutch Petroleum Co. (1890)
The Shell Transport and Trading Company Limited (1897)


Founded
February 1907; 110 years ago (1907-02)


Headquarters
The Hague, Netherlands
(Headquarters)
Shell Centre, London, England
(Registered office)



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Charles O. Holliday (Chairman)
Ben van Beurden (CEO)


Products
Petroleum, natural gas, and other petrochemicals


Revenue
 US$233.6 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$2.36 billion (2016)[1]


Profit
 US$4.57 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$411.2 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$186.6 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

93,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
Shell Australia
Shell South Africa
Shell Canada
Shell Chemicals
Shell Gas & Power
Shell Hong Kong
Shell Nigeria
Shell Oil Company
Shell Pakistan


Website
www.shell.com


Royal Dutch Shell plc (LSE: RDSA, RDSB), commonly known as Shell, is a British–Dutch multinational oil and gas company headquartered in the Netherlands and incorporated in the United Kingdom.[2] It is one of the six oil and gas "supermajors" and the sixth-largest company in the world measured by 2016 revenues (and the largest based in Europe).[1] Shell was first in the 2013 Fortune Global 500 list of the world's largest companies;[3] in that year its revenues were equivalent to 84% of the Netherlands' $556 billion GDP.[4]
Shell is vertically integrated and is active in every area of the oil and gas industry, including exploration and production, refining, distribution and marketing, petrochemicals, power generation and trading. It also has renewable energy activities in the form of biofuels[5] and wind.[6] Shell has operations in over 70 countries, produces around 3.7 million barrels of oil equivalent per day and has 44,000 service stations worldwide.[7][8] As of 31 December 2014, Shell had total proved reserves of 13.7 billion barrels (2.18×109 m3) of oil equivalent.[8][note 1] Shell Oil Company, its principal subsidiary in the United States, is one of its largest businesses.[9] Shell holds 50% of Raízen, a joint venture with Cosan, which is the third-largest Brazil-based energy company by revenues and a major producer of ethanol.[10]
Shell was formed in 1907 through the amalgamation of the Royal Dutch Petroleum Company of the Netherlands and the "Shell" Transport and Trading Company of the United Kingdom. Until its unification in 2005 the firm operated as a dual-listed company, whereby the British and Dutch companies maintained their legal existence but operated as a single-unit partnership for business purposes. Shell first entered the chemicals industry in 1929. In 1970 Shell acquired the mining company Billiton, which it subsequently sold in 1994 and now forms part of BHP Billiton. In recent decades gas exploration and production has become an increasingly important part of Shell's business.[11] Shell acquired BG Group in 2016, making it the world's largest producer of liquefied natural gas (LNG).[11]
Shell has a primary listing on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index. It had a market capitalisation of £185 billion at the close of trading on 30 December 2016, by far the largest of any company listed on the London Stock Exchange and among the highest of any company in the world.[12][13] It has secondary listings on Euronext Amsterdam and the New York Stock Exchange. As of January 2013, Shell's largest shareholder was Capital Research Global Investors with 9.85% ahead of BlackRock in second with 6.89%.[14] Shell's logo, known as the "pecten", is one of the most familiar commercial symbols in the world.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins
1.2 20th century
1.3 21st century
1.4 Environmental record
1.5 Climate change


2 Corporate affairs

2.1 Management
2.2 Name and logo

2.2.1 Logo evolution




3 Operations

3.1 Business groupings
3.2 Oil and gas activities
3.3 Sponsorships


4 Africa
5 Asia

5.1 Hong Kong
5.2 Malaysia
5.3 Philippines
5.4 Singapore


6 Europe

6.1 Ireland
6.2 Nordic countries
6.3 United Kingdom


7 North America
8 Australia
9 Alternative energy
10 Current projects

10.1 Arctic


11 Controversies

11.1 2004 overstatement of oil reserves
11.2 Corporate communications
11.3 Health and safety
11.4 Human rights
11.5 Arctic project

11.5.1 Kodiak
11.5.2 Polar Pioneer
11.5.3 Oil spills




12 See also
13 Notes
14 References
15 Bibliography
16 External links



History[edit]
Origins[edit]




Royal Dutch Petroleum dock in the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia)






The oil well at Pangkalan Brandan, North Sumatra is considered to be the origin of the Royal Dutch Shell.


The Royal Dutch Shell Group was created in February 1907 through the amalgamation of two rival companies: the Royal Dutch Petroleum Company of the Netherlands and the Shell Transport and Trading Company Limited of the United Kingdom.[15] It was a move largely driven by the need to compete globally with Standard Oil.[16] The Royal Dutch Petroleum Company was a Dutch company founded in 1890 to develop an oilfield in Pangkalan Brandan, North Sumatra,[17] and initially led by August Kessler, Hugo Loudon, and Henri Deterding. The "Shell" Transport and Trading Company (the quotation marks were part of the legal name) was a British company, founded in 1897 by Marcus Samuel, 1st Viscount Bearsted, and his brother Samuel Samuel.[18] Their father had owned an antique company in Houndsditch, London,[19] which expanded in 1833 to import and sell sea-shells, after which the company "Shell" took its name.[15][20]
For various reasons, the new firm operated as a dual-listed company, whereby the merging companies maintained their legal existence, but operated as a single-unit partnership for business purposes. The terms of the merger gave 60 percent ownership of the new group to the Dutch arm and 40 percent to the British.[21]
National patriotic sensibilities would not permit a full-scale merger or takeover of either of the two companies.[21] The Dutch company, Koninklijke Nederlandsche Petroleum Maatschappij at The Hague, was in charge of production and manufacture.[22] The British Anglo-Saxon Petroleum Company was based in London, to direct the transport and storage of the products.[22]
20th century[edit]




Shell benzine for Sir Ernest Henry Shackleton, Antarctic Expedition 1915.


During the First World War, Shell was the main supplier of fuel to the British Expeditionary Force.[23] It was also the sole supplier of aviation fuel and supplied 80 percent of the British Army's TNT.[23] It also volunteered all of its shipping to the British Admiralty.[23]
The German invasion of Romania in 1916 saw 17% of the group's worldwide production destroyed.[23]
In 1919, Shell took control of the Mexican Eagle Petroleum Company and in 1921 formed Shell-Mex Limited which marketed products under the "Shell" and "Eagle" brands in the United Kingdom. In 1929, Shell Chemicals was founded.[23] By the end of the 1920s, Shell was the world's leading oil company, producing 11 percent of the world's crude oil supply and owning 10 percent of its tanker tonnage.[23]
Shell Mex House was completed in 1931, and was the head office for Shell's marketing activity worldwide.[23] In 1932, partly in response to the difficult economic conditions of the times, Shell-Mex merged its UK marketing operations with those of British Petroleum to create Shell-Mex and BP,[24] a company that traded until the brands separated in 1975. Royal Dutch Company ranked 79th among United States corporations in the value of World War II military production contracts.[25]
The 1930s saw Shell's Mexican assets seized by the local government.[23] After the invasion of the Netherlands by Germany in 1940, the head office of the Dutch companies was moved to Curacao.[23] In 1945 Shell's Danish headquarters in Copenhagen, at the time being used by the Gestapo, was bombed by Royal Air Force Mosquitoes in Operation Carthage.[26]
Around 1952, Shell was the first company to purchase and use a computer in the Netherlands.[27] The computer, a Ferranti Mark 1*, was assembled and used at the Shell laboratory in Amsterdam. In 1970 Shell acquired the mining company Billiton, which it subsequently sold in 1994 and now forms part of BHP Billiton.[28]
21st century[edit]
In November 2004, following a period of turmoil caused by the revelation that Shell had been overstating its oil reserves, it was announced that the Shell Group would move to a single capital structure, creating a new parent company to be named Royal Dutch Shell plc, with its primary listing on the London Stock Exchange, a secondary listing on the Amsterdam Stock Exchange, its headquarters and tax residency in The Hague, Netherlands and its registered office in London. The unification was completed on 20 July 2005 and the original owners delisted their companies from the respective exchanges. On 20 July 2005, the Shell Transport & Trading Company plc was delisted from the LSE,[29] where as, Royal Dutch Petroleum Company from NYSE on 18 November 2005.[30] The shares of the company were issued at a 60/40 advantage for the shareholders of Royal Dutch in line with the original ownership of the Shell Group.[31]
During the 2009 Iraqi oil services contracts tender, a consortium led by Shell (45%) and which included Petronas (30%) was awarded a production contract for the "Majnoon field" in the south of Iraq, which contains an estimated 12.6 billion barrels (2.00×109 m3) of oil.[32][33] The "West Qurna 1 field" production contract was awarded to a consortium led by ExxonMobil (60%) and included Shell (15%).[34]
In February 2010 Shell and Cosan formed a 50:50 joint-venture, Raízen, comprising all of Cosan's Brazilian ethanol, energy generation, fuel distribution and sugar activities, and all of Shell's Brazilian retail fuel and aviation distribution businesses.[35] In March 2010, Shell announced the sale of some of its assets, including its liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) business, to meet the cost of a planned $28bn capital spending programme. Shell invited buyers to submit indicative bids, due by 22 March, with a plan to raise $2–3bn from the sale.[36] In June 2010, Royal Dutch Shell agreed to acquire all the business of East Resources for a cash consideration of $4.7 billion. The transaction included East Resources' tight gas fields.[37]
Over the course of 2013, the corporation began the sale of its US shale gas assets and cancelled a US$20 billion gas project that was to be constructed in the US state of Louisiana. A new CEO Ben van Beurden was appointed in January 2014, prior to the announcement that the corporation's overall performance in 2013 was 38 per cent lower than 2012—the value of Shell's shares fell by 3 per cent as a result.[38] Following the sale of the majority of its Australian assets in February 2014, the corporation plans to sell a further US$15 billion worth of assets in the period leading up to 2015, with deals announced in Australia, Brazil and Italy.[39]
Royal Dutch Shell announced on 8 April 2015 it had agreed to buy BG Group for £47 billion (US$70 billion), subject to shareholder and regulatory approval.[40] The acquisition was completed in February 2016, resulting in Shell surpassing Chevron Corporation and becoming the world's second largest non-state oil company.[41]
On 7 June 2016, Royal Dutch Shell announced that it would build an ethane cracker plant near Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania after spending several years doing environmental cleanup of the proposed plant's site.[42]
In January 2017, Royal Dutch Shell agreed to sell £2.46bn worth of North Sea assets to oil exploration firm Chrysaor.[43] In 2017, Shell sold its oil sands assets to Canadian Natural Resources in exchange of approximately 8.8% stake in that company. In May 2017, it was reported that Shell plans to sell its shares in Canadian Natural Resources fully exiting the oil sands business.[44]
Environmental record[edit]
The presence of companies like Shell in the Niger-Delta has led to extreme environmental issues in the Niger Delta. Many pipelines in the Niger-Delta owned by Shell are old and corroded. Shell has acknowledged its responsibility for keeping the pipelines new but has also denied responsibility for environmental causes.[45] This has led to mass protests from the Niger-Delta inhabitants, Amnesty International, and Friends of the Earth Netherlands against Shell. It has also led to action plans to boycott Shell by environmental groups, and human rights groups.[46] In January 2013, a Dutch court rejected four out of five allegations brought against the firm over oil pollution in the Niger Delta but found a subsidiary guilty of one case of pollution, ordering compensation to be paid to a Nigerian farmer.[47]
On 15 January 1999, off the Argentinian town of Magdalena, Buenos Aires, the Shell tanker Estrella Pampeana collided with a German freighter, emptying its contents into the lake, polluting the environment, drinkable water, plants and animals. Over a decade after the spill, a referendum held in Magdalena determined the acceptance of a US$9.5 million compensatory payout from Shell.[48] Shell denied responsibility for the spill, but an Argentine court ruled in 2002 that the corporation was responsible.[49]
Shell joined the Global Climate Coalition of businesses opposed to greenhouse gas emission regulation. In 1989, Shell redesigned a $3-billion North Sea natural gas platform in the North Sea, raising its height one to two meters, to accommodate an anticipated sea level rise due to global warming.[50] In 2013, Royal Dutch Shell PLC reported CO2 emissions of 81 million metric tonnes.[51]
Shell is known to be processing oil from the Amazon region of South America, a large concern for environmentalists trying to protect the area. In the United States, the Martinez refinery (CA) and the Puget Sound Refinery (WA) carry Amazonian oil. In 2015, 14% of the Martinez refinery's gross, at 19,570 barrels per day, came from the Amazon. [52]
Climate change[edit]
In 2017, a public information film unseen for years resurfaced and showed Shell had clear grasp of global warming 26 years earlier but has not acted accordingly since, said critics. [53][54][55]
Corporate affairs[edit]
Management[edit]
On 4 August 2005, the board of directors announced the appointment of Jorma Ollila, chairman and CEO of Nokia at the time, to succeed Aad Jacobs as the company's non-executive chairman on 1 June 2006. Ollila is the first Shell chairman to be neither Dutch nor British. Other non-executive directors include Maarten van den Bergh, Wim Kok, Nina Henderson, Lord Kerr, Adelbert van Roxe, and Christine Morin-Postel.[56]
Since 3 January 2014, Ben van Beurden is CEO of Shell.[38] His Predecessor was Peter Voser who became CEO of Shell on 1 July 2009.[57]
Following a career at the corporation, in locations such as Australia and Africa, Ann Pickard was appointed as the executive vice president of the Arctic at Royal Dutch Shell, a role that was publicized in an interview with McKinsey & Company in June 2014.[58]
Name and logo[edit]
The name Shell is linked to The "Shell" Transport and Trading Company.[59] In 1833, the founder's father, Marcus Samuel Sr., founded an import business to sell seashells to London collectors. When collecting seashell specimens in the Caspian Sea area in 1892, the younger Samuel realised there was potential in exporting lamp oil from the region and commissioned the world's first purpose-built oil tanker, the Murex (Latin for a type of snail shell), to enter this market; by 1907 the company had a fleet. Although for several decades the company had a refinery at Shell Haven on the Thames, there is no evidence of this having provided the name.[60]
The Shell logo is one of the most familiar commercial symbols in the world. This logo is known as the "pecten" after the sea shell Pecten maximus (the giant scallop), on which its design is based. The yellow and red colours used are thought[61] to relate to the colours of the flag of Spain, as Shell built early service stations in California, previously a Spanish colony. The current revision of the logo was designed by Raymond Loewy in 1971.[62]
The slash was removed from the name "Royal Dutch/Shell" in 2005, concurrent with moves to merge the two legally separate companies (Royal Dutch and Shell) to the single legal entity which exists today.[63]
Logo evolution[edit]







1900









1904









1909









1930




Operations[edit]
Business groupings[edit]




Upstream activities currently generate around two-thirds of Shell's revenues


Shell is currently organised into four major business groupings:[64]

Upstream – manages the upstream business. It searches for and recovers crude oil and natural gas and operates the upstream and midstream infrastructure necessary to deliver oil and gas to the market. Its activities are organised primarily within geographic units, although there are some activities that are managed across the business or provided through support units.
Integrated Gas and New Energies – manages liquefying natural gas, converting gas to liquids and low-carbon opportunities.
Downstream – manages Shell's manufacturing, distribution and marketing activities for oil products and chemicals. Manufacturing and supply includes refinery, supply and shipping of crude oil.
Projects and technology – manages the delivery of Shell's major projects, provides technical services and technology capability covering both upstream and downstream activities. It is also responsible for providing functional leadership across Shell in the areas of health, safety and environment, and contracting and procurement.

Oil and gas activities[edit]




Former Shell oil depot in Kowloon, Hong Kong around the mid-1980s


Shell's primary business is the management of a vertically integrated oil company. The development of technical and commercial expertise in all stages of this vertical integration, from the initial search for oil (exploration) through its harvesting (production), transportation, refining and finally trading and marketing established the core competencies on which the company was founded. Similar competencies were required for natural gas, which has become one of the most important businesses in which Shell is involved, and which contributes a significant proportion of the company's profits. While the vertically integrated business model provided significant economies of scale and barriers to entry, each business now seeks to be a self-supporting unit without subsidies from other parts of the company.[65]
Traditionally, Shell was a heavily decentralised business worldwide (especially in the downstream) with companies in over 100 countries, each of which operated with a high degree of independence. The upstream tended to be far more centralised with much of the technical and financial direction coming from the central offices in The Hague. The upstream oil sector is also commonly known as the "exploration and production" sector.[66]
Downstream operations, which now also includes the chemicals business, generates a third of Shell's profits worldwide and is known for its global network of more than 40,000 petrol stations and its various oil refineries. The downstream business, which in some countries also included oil refining, generally included a retail petrol station network, lubricants manufacture and marketing, industrial fuel and lubricants sales and a host of other product/market sectors such as LPG and bitumen. The practice in Shell was that these businesses were essentially local and that they were best managed by local "operating companies" – often with middle and senior management reinforced by expatriates.[67]
Sponsorships[edit]
Shell has a long history of motorsport sponsorship, most notably Scuderia Ferrari (1951-1964, 1966-1973 and 1996-present), BRM (1962-1966 and 1968-1972), Scuderia Toro Rosso (2007-2013 and 2016), McLaren (1967-1968 and 1984-1994), Lotus (1968-1971), Team Penske (2011–present), Hyundai Motorsport (since 2005), AF Corse, Risi Competizione, BMW Motorsport and Dick Johnson Racing (1987-2004). It will again become title sponsor for the latter (now rebranded as DJR Team Penske) in 2017.[68]
Africa[edit]
Shell began drilling for oil in Africa during the 1950s. Shell began production in Nigeria in 1958.[69] Shell operates in the upstream oil sector in Algeria, Cameroon, Egypt, Gabon where is the giant Rabi-Kounga oil field, Ghana, Libya, Morocco, Nigeria, South Africa and Tunisia; and in the downstream sector in 16 other countries.[70]
In Nigeria, Shell told US diplomats that it had placed staff in all the main ministries of the government.[71]
In April 2010, Shell announced its intention to divest from downstream business of all African countries except South Africa and Egypt to Vitol and "Helios".[72] In several countries such as Tunisia, protests and strikes broke out. Shell denied rumours of the sellout.[73] Shell continues however upstream activities/extracting crude oil in the oil-rich Niger Delta as well as downstream/commercial activities in South Africa. In June 2013, the company announced a strategic review of its operations in Nigeria, hinting that assets could be divested. In August 2014, the company disclosed it was in the process of finalizing the sale of its interests in four Nigerian oil fields.[74]
Asia[edit]




A Shell gasoline station in Sabah, Malaysia


Hong Kong[edit]
Shell has been active in Hong Kong for a century, providing Retail, LPG, Commercial Fuel, Lubricants, Bitumen, Aviation, Marine and Chemicals services and products. Shell also sponsored the first Hong Kong-built aircraft, Inspiration', for its around-the-world trip.[75]
Malaysia[edit]
Shell discovered the first oil well in Malaysia in 1910, in Miri, Sarawak. Today the oil well is a state monument known as the Grand Old Lady. In 1914, following this discovery, Shell built Malaysia's first oil refinery and laid a submarine pipeline in Miri.[76][77]
Philippines[edit]




Shell oil depot (Poro Point, San Fernando, La Union, Philippines).


Royal Dutch Shell operates in the Philippines under its subsidiary, Pilipinas Shell Petroleum Corporation. Its headquarters is in Makati City and it has facilities in the Pandacan oil depot and other key locations.[78]
On January 2010, the Bureau of Customs claimed 7.34 billion pesos worth of unpaid excise taxes against Pilipinas Shell for importing Catalytic cracked gasoline (CCG) and light catalytic cracked gasoline (LCCG) stating that those imports are bound for tariff charges.[79]
In August 2016, Pilipinas Shell filed an application to sell US$629 million worth of primary and secondary shares to the investing public (registration statement) with the SEC. This was a prelude to filing its IPO listing application with the Philippine Stock Exchange. On 3 November 2016 the Pilipinas Shell Petroleum Corporation was officially listed on the Philippine Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol SHLPH after they held its Initial Public Offering on 19 to 25 October of the same year.[80]
Singapore[edit]
Shell has a strong presence in Singapore, indeed Singapore is the main centre for Shell's petrochemical operations in Asia Pacific region. Shell Eastern Petroleum limited (SEPL) have their refinery located in Singapore's Pulau Bukom island. They also operate as Shell Chemicals Seraya in Jurong Island.[81]
Europe[edit]
Ireland[edit]
Shell first started trading in Ireland in 1902.[82] Shell E&P Ireland (SEPIL) (previously Enterprise Energy Ireland) is an Irish exploration and production subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell. Its headquarters are on Leeson Street in Dublin. It was acquired in May 2002.[83] Its main project is the Corrib gas project, a large gas field off the northwest coast, for which Shell has encountered controversy and protests in relation to the onshore pipeline and licence terms.[84]
In 2005 Shell disposed of its entire retail and commercial fuels business in Ireland to Topaz Energy Group. This included depots, company-owned petrol stations and supply agreements stations throughout the island of Ireland.[85] The retail outlets were re-branded as Topaz in 2008/9.[86]
Nordic countries[edit]
On 27 August 2007, Royal Dutch Shell and Reitan Group, the owner of the 7-Eleven brand in Scandinavia, announced an agreement to re-brand some 269 service stations across Norway, Sweden, Finland and Denmark, subject to obtaining regulatory approvals under the different competition laws in each country.[87] On April 2010 Shell announced that the corporation is in process of trying to find a potential buyer for all of its operations in Finland and is doing similar market research concerning Swedish operations.[88][89] On October 2010 Shell's gas stations and the heavy vehicle fuel supply networks in Finland and Sweden, along with a refinery located in Gothenburg, Sweden were sold to St1, a Finnish energy company, more precisely to its major shareholding parent company Keele Oy.[90]
United Kingdom[edit]
In the UK sector of the North Sea Shell employs around 4,500 staff in Scotland as well as an additional 1,000 service contractors: however in August 2014 it announced it was laying off 250 of them, mainly in Aberdeen.[91]
North America[edit]
Main articles: Shell Oil Company and Shell Canada




Service station near Lost Hills, California






Shell gas station sign in Phoenix, Arizona






Shell gas station in Canada


Through most of Shell's early history, the Shell Oil Company business in the United States was substantially independent with its stock being traded on the NYSE and with little direct involvement from the group's central offices in the running of the American business. However, in 1984, Royal Dutch Shell made a bid to purchase those shares of Shell Oil Company it did not own (around 30%) and despite opposition from some minority shareholders, which led to a court case, Shell completed the buyout for a sum of $5.7 billion.[92]
Australia[edit]
On 20 May 2011, Royal Dutch Shell's final investment decision for the world's first floating liquefied natural gas (FLNG) facility was finalized following the discovery of the remote offshore Prelude field—located off Australia's northwestern coast and estimated to contain about 3 trillion cubic feet of natural gas equivalent reserves—in 2007. FLNG technology is based on liquefied natural gas (LNG) developments that were pioneered in the mid-20th century and facilitates the exploitation of untapped natural gas reserves located in remote areas, often too small to extract any other way.[93][94]
The floating vessel to be used for the Prelude field, known as Prelude FLNG, is promoted as the longest floating structure in the world and will take in the equivalent of 110,000 barrels of oil per day in natural gas—at a location 200 km (125 miles) off the coast of Western Australia—and cool it into liquefied natural gas for transport and sale in Asia. The Prelude is expected to start producing LNG in 2017[95]—analysts estimated the total cost of construction at more than US$12 billion.[93][94][96]
Following the decision by the Royal Dutch Shell fuel corporation to close its Geelong, Australia refinery in April 2013, a third consecutive annual loss was recorded for Shell's Australian refining and fuel marketing assets. Revealed in June 2013, the writedown is worth A$203 million, and was preceded by a A$638m writedown in 2012 and a A$407m writedown in 2011, after the closure of the Clyde refinery in Sydney, Australia.[97]
In February 2014, Shell sold its Australian refinery and petrol stations for US$2.6 billion (A$2.9 billion) to Vitol, a Geneva-based company.[98] Vitol stated that the Geelong refinery will remain open, as the company plans to expand further into the Australian market. At the time of the sale, Royal Dutch Shell was expected to continue investment into the Australian market, with projects that involve Chevron Corp., Woodside Petroleum and Prelude.[39]
Shell sold 9.5% of its 23.1% stake in Woodside Petroleum in June 2014 and advised that it had reached an agreement for Woodside to buy back 9.5% of its shares at a later stage. Shell became a major shareholder in Woodside after a 2001 takeover attempt was blocked by then federal Treasurer Peter Costello and the corporation has been open about its intention to sell its stake in Woodside as part of its target to shed assets. At a general body meeting, held on 1 August 2014, 72 percent of shareholders voted to approve the buy-back, short of the 75 percent vote that was required for approval. A statement from Shell read: "Royal Dutch Shell acknowledges the outcome of Woodside Petroleum Limited's shareholders' negative vote on the selective buy-back proposal. Shell is reviewing its options in relation to its remaining 13.6 percent holding."[99]
Alternative energy[edit]
In the early 2000s Shell moved into alternative energy and there is now an embryonic "Renewables" business that has made investments in solar power, wind power, hydrogen, and forestry. The forestry business went the way of nuclear, coal, metals and electricity generation, and was disposed of in 2003. In 2006 Shell paid SolarWorld to take over its entire solar business[100] and in 2008, the company withdrew from the London Array which has become the world's largest offshore wind farm.[101]
Shell also is involved in large-scale hydrogen projects. HydrogenForecast.com describes Shell's approach thus far as consisting of "baby steps", but with an underlying message of "extreme optimism".[102]
Shell holds 50% of Raízen, a joint venture with Brazilian sugarcane producer Cosan which is the third-largest Brazil-based energy company by revenues and a major producer of ethanol.[10]
In December 2016, Shell won the auction for the 700 MW Borssele III & IV offshore wind farms at a price of 5.45 c/kWh, beating 6 other consortia.[103]
Current projects[edit]
Arctic[edit]
Following the purchase of an offshore lease in 2005, Shell initiated its US$4.5 billion Arctic drilling program in 2006, after the corporation purchased the "Kulluk" oil rig and leased the Noble Discoverer drillship.[104][105] At inception, the project was led by Pete Slaiby, a Shell executive who had previously worked in the North Sea.[106] However, after the purchase of a second offshore lease in 2008, Shell only commenced drilling work in 2012, due to the refurbishment of rigs, permit delays from the relevant authorities and lawsuits.[107][108][109] The plans to drill in the Arctic led to protests from environmental groups, particularly Greenpeace; furthermore, analysts in the energy field, as well as related industries, also expressed skepticism due to perceptions that drilling in the region is "too dangerous because of harsh conditions and remote locations".[109][110]
Further problems hampered the Arctic project after the commencement of drilling in 2012, as Shell dealt with a series of issues that involved air permits, Coast Guard certification of a marine vessel and severe damage to essential oil-spill equipment. Additionally, difficult weather conditions resulted in the delay of drilling during mid-2012 and the already dire situation was exacerbated by the "Kulluk" incident at the end of the year. Royal Dutch Shell had invested nearly US$5 billion by this stage of the project.[106][109]
As the Kulluk oil rig was being towed to the American state of Washington to be serviced in preparation for the 2013 drilling season, a winter storm on 27 December 2012 caused the towing crews, as well as the rescue service, to lose control of the situation. As of 1 January 2013, the Kulluk was grounded off the coast Sitkalidak Island, near the eastern end of Kodiak Island. Following the accident, a Fortune magazine contacted Larry McKinney, the executive director at the Harte Research Institute for Gulf of Mexico Studies at Texas A&M, and he explained that "A two-month delay in the Arctic is not a two-month delay ... A two-month delay could wipe out the entire drilling season."[106]
It was unclear if Shell would recommence drilling in mid-2013, following the "Kulluk" incident and, in February 2013, the corporation stated that it would "pause" its closely watched drilling project off the Alaskan coast in 2013, and will instead prepare for future exploration.[111] In January 2014, the corporation announced the extension of the suspension of its drilling program in the Arctic, with chief executive van Beurden explaining that the project is "under review" due to both market and internal issues.[112]
A June 2014 interview with Pickard indicated that, following a forensic analysis of the problems encountered in 2012, Royal Dutch Shell will continue with the project and Pickard stated that she perceives the future of the corporation activity in the Arctic region as a long-term "marathon".[58] Pickard stated that the forensic "look back" revealed "there was an on/off switch" and further explained:

In other words, don't spend the money unless you're sure you're going to have the legal environment to go forward. Don't spend the money unless you're sure you're going to have the permit. No, I can't tell you that I'm going to have that permit until June, but we need to plan like we're going to have that permit in June. And so probably the biggest lesson is to make sure we could smooth out the on/off switches wherever we could and take control of our own destiny.[58]

Based upon the interview with Pickard, Shell is approaching the project as an investment that will reap energy resources with a lifespan of around 30 years.[58]
Controversies[edit]




Former Shell Research and Technology Centre, Amsterdam


Shell has been criticised for its businesses in Africa, notably in relation to protests of the Ogoni in 1995.[113]
In the 1990s, protesters criticised the company's environmental record, particularly the possible pollution caused by the proposed disposal of the Brent Spar platform into the North Sea. Despite support from the UK government, Shell reversed the decision under public pressure but maintained that sinking the platform would have been environmentally better.[114] Shell subsequently published an unequivocal commitment to sustainable development, supported by executive speeches reinforcing this commitment.[115]
2004 overstatement of oil reserves[edit]
In 2004 Shell overstated its oil reserves, resulting in loss of confidence in the group, a £17 million fine by the Financial Services Authority and the departure of the chairman Philip Watts. A lawsuit resulted in the payment of $450 million to non-American shareholders in 2007.[116][117][118]
Corporate communications[edit]




Shell Centre building in London, UK


Shell's advertising regarding its renewable energy business has been described as a greenwash by some environmental lobbies,[119] leading to criticism from the British Advertising Standards Authority which ruled that Shell had misled the public in an advertisement when it claimed that a $10 billion oil sands project in Alberta, Canada was a "sustainable energy source".[120]
Health and safety[edit]
A number of incidents over the years led to criticism of Shell's health and safety record, including repeated warnings by the UK Health and Safety Executive about the poor state of the company's North Sea platforms.[121]
Human rights[edit]
In the beginning of 1996, several human rights groups brought cases to hold Shell accountable for alleged human rights violations in Nigeria, including summary execution, crimes against humanity, torture, inhumane treatment and arbitrary arrest and detention. In particular, Shell stood accused of collaborating in the execution of Ken Saro-Wiwa and eight other leaders of the Ogoni tribe of southern Nigeria, who were hanged in 1995 by Nigeria's then military rulers.[122] The lawsuits were brought against Royal Dutch Shell and Brian Anderson, the head of its Nigerian operation.[123] In 2009, Shell agreed to pay $15.5m in a legal settlement.[122] Shell has not accepted any liability over the allegations against it.[124]
In 2009, Shell was the subject of an Amnesty International report into the deterioration of human rights as a consequence of Shell's activities in the Niger Delta. In particular, Amnesty criticised the continuation of gas flaring and Shell's slow response to oil spills.[125] In 1998, on its first public report on community and environmental issues in Nigeria, Shell promised "to end the practice of gas flaring in ten years, while pledging to establish a youth training scheme in Ogoniland".[126]
In 2010, a leaked cable revealed that Shell claims to have inserted staff into all the main ministries of the Nigerian government and know "everything that was being done in those ministries", according to Shell's top executive in Nigeria. The same executive also boasted that the Nigerian government had forgotten about the extent of Shell's infiltration.[71] Documents released in 2009 (but not used in the court case) reveal that Shell regularly made payments to the Nigerian military in order to prevent protests.[127]
Arctic project[edit]
According to the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management report in 2015 the chances of a major spill in a deep-sea Arctic drilling is 75% before century's end.[128]
Kodiak[edit]
In 2010 Greenpeace activists painted "No Arctic Drilling" with spilled BP oil on the side of a ship in the Gulf of Mexico that was en route to explore for Arctic oil for Shell. At the protest, Phil Radford of Greenpeace called for "President Obama [to] ban all offshore oil drilling and call for an end to the use of oil in our cars by 2030."[110]
On 16 March 2012, 52 Greenpeace activists from five different countries boarded Fennica and Nordica, multipurpose icebreakers chartered to support Shell's drilling rigs near Alaska.[129] Around the same time period, a reporter for Fortune magazine spoke with Edward Itta, an Inupiat Eskimo leader and the former mayor of the North Slope Borough, who expressed that he was conflicted about Shell's plans in the Arctic, as he was very concerned that an oil spill could destroy the Inupiat Eskimo's hunting-and-fishing culture, but his borough also received major tax revenue from oil and gas production; additionally, further revenue from energy activity was considered crucial to the future of the living standard in Itta's community.[106]
In July 2012, Greenpeace activists shut down 53 Shell petrol stations in Edinburgh and London in a protest against the company's plans to drill for oil in the Arctic. Greenpeace's "Save the Arctic" campaign aims to prevent oil drilling and industrial fishing in the Arctic by declaring the uninhabited area around the North Pole a global sanctuary.[130]
A review was announced after the Kulluk oil rig ran aground near Kodiak Island in December 2012.[131]
In response, Shell filed lawsuits to seek injunctions from possible protests, and Benjamin Jealous of the NAACP and Radford argued that the legal action was "trampling Americans' rights."[132] According to Greenpeace, Shell lodged a request with Google to take down video footage of a Greenpeace protest action that occurred at the Shell-sponsored Formula One (F1) Belgian Grand Prix on 25 August 2013, in which "SaveTheArctic.org" banners appear at the winners' podium ceremony. In the video, the banners rise up automatically—activists controlled their appearance with the use of four radio car antennas—revealing the website URL, alongside an image that consists of half of a polar bear's head and half of the Shell logo.[133]
Royal Dutch Shell then announced a "pause" in the timeline of the project in early 2013[111] and, in September 2015, the corporation announced the extension of the suspension of its drilling program in the Arctic.[134]
Polar Pioneer[edit]
A June 2014 interview with the corporation's new executive vice president of the Arctic indicated that Royal Dutch Shell will continue with its activity in the region.[58][112]
In Seattle protests began in May 2015 in response to the news that the Port of Seattle made an agreement with Shell to berth rigs at the Port's Terminal 5 during the off-season of oil exploration in Alaskan waters. The arrival of Shell's new Arctic drilling vessel, the Polar Pioneer ( IMO number: 8754140), a semi-submersible offshore drilling rig, was greeted by large numbers of environmental protesters paddling kayaks in Elliott Bay.[135][136]
On 6 May 2015 it was reported that during a coast guard inspection of the Polar Pioneer, a piece of anti-pollution gear failed, resulting in fines and delay of the operation.[137] Oil executives from Total and Eni interviewed by the New York Times, expressed scepticism about Shell's new ambitions for offshore drilling in the Arctic, and cited economic and environmental hurdles. ConocoPhillips and Statoil suspended Arctic drilling earlier, after Shell's failed attempt in 2012.[138]
Oil spills[edit]

Shell was responsible for around 21,000 gallons of oil spilled near Tracy, California in May 2016 due to a pipeline crack.[139]
Shell was responsible for a 88,200-gallon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico in May 2016.[140]
Two ruptures in a Shell Oil Co. pipeline in Altamont, California - one in September 2015 and another in May 2016 - had some questioning whether the Office of the State Fire Marshal, charged with overseeing the pipeline, was doing an adequate job.[141]

See also[edit]


Companies portal
Energy portal



Bataafse Petroleum Maatschappij
Chaco War
Lensbury
royaldutchshellplc.com
Shell Guides, a series of guidebooks
Shell V-Power
List of investors in Bernard L. Madoff Securities
List of companies based in London
Fossil fuels lobby

Notes[edit]



^ Proforma aggregate total for Royal Dutch Shell and BG Group combined.



References[edit]


^ a b c d e f g "Royal Dutch Shell plc Financial Statements". Google. Retrieved 10 July 2016. 
^ "About Shell". Shell. Retrieved 12 July 2013. 
^ "Global 500. Royal Dutch Shell". CNN. 2012. Retrieved 29 January 2013. 
^ Shell, Glencore, and Other Multinationals Dominate Their Home Economies 4 April 2013 BusinessWeek
^ Webb, Tim (17 March 2009). "Shell dumps wind, solar and hydro power in favour of biofuels". London: The Guardian. Retrieved 17 March 2013. 
^ "Wind". shell.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ "Shell at a glance". Royal Dutch Shell plc. Retrieved 30 August 2010. 
^ a b "8 Apr 2015 - Recommended Cash and Share Offer Announcement" (PDF). Royal Dutch Shell plc. Retrieved 29 October 2016. 
^ "Exploration & Production in the United States". Royal Dutch Shell plc. Archived from the original on 24 July 2011. Retrieved 30 August 2010. 
^ a b Shell and Cosan join forces for $ 12 billion ethanol venture
^ a b Fox, Justin (8 April 2015). "Stop Calling Shell an Oil Company". Bloomberg. Retrieved 29 October 2016. 
^ "Market Cap Rankings". Ycharts. Zacks Investment Research. 8 April 2012. Archived from the original on 31 March 2012. Retrieved 9 April 2012. 
^ "FTSE All-Share Index Ranking". stockchallenge.co.uk. Retrieved 1 January 2017. 
^ "Report: Qatar eyes largest piece of Shell". Upstream Online. NHST Media Group. 7 September 2012. Retrieved 8 September 2012. 
^ a b "The beginnings". shell.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ Fred Aftalion (2001). A History of the International Chemical Industry. Chemical Heritage Foundation. p. 142. ISBN 978-0-941901-29-1. 
^ Merrillees 2015, p. 60.
^ Royal Dutch Shell: History Archived 11 October 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Mark Forsyth (2011). The Etymologicon: A Circular Stroll through the Hidden Connections of the English Language. Icon Books. p. 140. ISBN 978-1-84831-319-4. 
^ Falola, Toyin; Genova, Ann (2005). The Politics of the Global Oil Industry: An Introduction. Greenwood Publishing Group. p. 30. 
^ a b F. C. Gerretson (1953). History of the Royal Dutch. Brill Archive. p. 346. GGKEY:NNJNHTLUZKG. 
^ a b F. C. Gerretson (1953). History of the Royal Dutch. Brill Archive. p. 346. GGKEY:NNJNHTLUZKG. 
^ a b c d e f g h i "The early 20th century". shell.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ Reference and contact details: GB 1566 SMBP Title:Shell-Mex and BP Archive Dates of Creation: 1900–1975 Held at: BP Archive GB 1566 SMBP
^ Peck, Merton J. & Scherer, Frederic M. The Weapons Acquisition Process: An Economic Analysis (1962) Harvard Business School p.619
^ Velschow, Klaus. "The Bombing of the Shellhus on March 21, 1945". milhist.dk. Archived from the original on 10 April 2014. Retrieved 21 April 2015. 
^ The Ferranti Mark 1* that went to Shell labs in Amsterdam, Netherlands (Dutch only)
^ "Analysis: Cash bounty lures miners into risky empire-building". Reuters. 27 September 2010. Retrieved 22 April 2011. 
^ The Shell Transport & Trading Company plc delisted from LSE
^ N.V. Koninklijke Nederlandsche Petroleum Maatschappij (English translation, Royal Dutch Petroleum Company) to Withdraw its Ordinary Shares, par value 0.56 Euro, from NYSE
^ Shell shareholders agree merger BBC News, 2005
^ "Iraq holds oil auction, Shell wins giant field". Reuters. 11 December 2009. Retrieved 22 August 2012. 
^ Pagnamenta, Robin (12 December 2009). "Shell secures vital toehold in 'the new Iraq' where oil is ready to flow". The Times. London. Retrieved 22 April 2011. 
^ 2009 Iraqi oil services contracts tender
^ "Shell bets on ethanol in $21 billion deal with Brazil's Cosan". Reuters. 1 February 2010. Retrieved 22 April 2011. 
^ "Shell to fund capital spending by selling LPG assets". 1 March 2010. Retrieved 11 March 2010. 
^ "Shell Acquires East Resources' Tight Gas Fields". Infogrok.com. 31 May 2010. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ a b Tom Bawden (17 January 2014). "Royal Dutch Shell issues shock profit warning". The Independent. London. Retrieved 24 February 2014. 
^ a b James Paton (21 February 2014). "Vitol to Pay Shell A$2.9 Billion for Australian Assets". Bloomberg. Retrieved 24 February 2014. 
^ Tiffany Hsu (8 April 2015). "Shell-BG tie-up could challenge market leader Exxon Mobil". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 8 April 2015. 
^ Rakteem Katakey (15 February 2016). "Shell Surpasses Chevron to Become No. 2 Oil Company: Chart". Bloomberg.com. 
^ Shell takes final investment decision to build a new petrochemicals complex in Pennsylvania, US Royal Dutch Shell (06/07/2016)
^ "Shell sells North Sea assets worth £2.46bn to Chrysaor". BBC News. 31 January 2017. Retrieved 10 June 2017. 
^ Williams, Nia (24 May 2017). "Shell, ConocoPhillips oil sands share selloff risks flooding market". Reuters. Retrieved 10 June 2017. 
^ Shell International Petroleum Company, Developments in Nigeria (London: March 1995)
^ "Niger Delta: Shell's manifestly false claims about oil pollution exposed, again". Amnesty International. 3 November 2015. Retrieved 26 March 2015. 
^ Shell Nigeria case: Court acquits firm on most charges, United Kingdom: BBC News, 30 January 2013 
^ "Argentinian town agrees to damages for oil spill". Radio Netherlands Worldwide. Radio Netherlands Worldwide. 18 May 2009. Retrieved 3 March 2014. 
^ "Court rules Shell must spend US$35mn on Magdalena clean-up". BNamericas. BNamericas. 22 November 2002. Retrieved 3 March 2014. 
^ Lieberman, Amy; Rust, Susanne (31 December 2015). "Big Oil braced for global warming while it fought regulations". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 22 January 2016. 
^ "Royal Dutch Shell PLC - AMEE". 
^ "From Well to Wheel: The Social, Environmental, and Climate Costs of Amazon Crude". Amazon Watch. Retrieved 27 March 2017. 
^ Carrington, Damian; Mommers, Jelmer (28 February 2017). "‘Shell knew’: oil giant's 1991 film warned of climate change danger". The Guardian. Retrieved 25 April 2017. 
^ Mommers, Jelmer; Carrington, Damian (28 February 2017). "If Shell knew climate change was dire 25 years ago, why still business as usual today?". The Correspondent. Retrieved 25 April 2017. 
^ Mommers, Jelmer (28 February 2017). "Shell made a film about climate change in 1991 (then neglected to heed its own warning)". The Correspondent. Retrieved 25 April 2017. 
^ "Royal Dutch Shell: Directors & Officers". FT.com. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Shell press release Archived 2 November 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b c d e Rik Kirkland (June 2014). "Leading in the 21st century: An interview with Shell's Ann Pickard". McKinsey & Company. McKinsey & Company. Retrieved 20 June 2014. 
^ "About Shell – The history of the Shell logo". About Shell. Shell International B.V. 15 June 2007. Archived from the original on 13 July 2010. Retrieved 10 March 2010. 
^ "Shell Haven celebrate a new jetty facility". Shell. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Business Superbrands, Editor: Marcel Knobil, Author James Curtis (2000), Superbrands Ltd. ISBN 978-0-9528153-4-1, p. 93.
^ "raymod loewy logos". designboom.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ "1980s to the new millennium – Shell Global". Shell Global. 17 December 2012. Retrieved 6 October 2013. 
^ "What we do". Shell. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Vertical integration". The Economist. 30 March 2009. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Industry Overview". Petroleum Services Association of Canada. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Facelift for Shell logo in pounds 500m 'new look' drive: Petrol giant plans to update outlets in 100 countries ready for next century". The Independent. 30 August 1993. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Shell to become full-time DJR Team Penske backer". Motorsport.com. 3 October 2016. 
^ "Post-war expansion". Shell. Retrieved 9 December 2010. 
^ "Where we operate". Shell. Archived from the original on 2 November 2010. Retrieved 9 December 2010. 
^ a b Smith, David (8 December 2010). "WikiLeaks cables: Shell's grip on Nigerian state revealed". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 9 December 2010. 
^ "Shell Group To Divest Assets In 21 African Countries". Peace FM Online. 8 April 2010. Archived from the original on 11 April 2010. 
^ Shell Denies Rumours of Planned Market Exit
^ "Stakes in four Nigerian oil fields being sold by Shell". Nigeria Sun. 27 August 2014. Retrieved 28 August 2014. 
^ "‘Inspiration’ in the skies: first Hong Kong-made plane prepares for epic world tour". Retrieved 28 July 2016. 
^ "‘Inspiration’ in the skies: first Hong Kong-made plane prepares for epic world tour". Retrieved 28 July 2016. 
^ 26 July 2016, Reuters.
^ "Pilipinas Shell Petroleum Corporation". Shell.com.ph. 17 February 2012. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ "Nasdaq.com". Nasdaq.com. 4 May 2012. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ "Report: PSE oks Pilipinas Shell’s P30B IPO". Upstream Online. Philippine Daily Inquirer. 29 September 2016. Retrieved 29 September 2016. 
^ "Shell Eastern Petroleum Ltd (SEPL), Singapore". ChemicalsTechnology. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Book "Down Many a Road", the story of Shell in Ireland from 1902 to 200 – Bob Montgomery Dreolín Publications 2002 ISBN 1-902773-11-X
^ Shell in Ireland Archived 8 August 2009 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Corrib". SubseaIQ. Bishop Interactive. Retrieved 9 August 2010. 
^ Making a big deal: the movers and shakers in Irish business Archived 30 May 2011 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Hennessy, Niamh (20 February 2008). "Topaz spending €50m re-branding Shell and Statoil stations nationwide". Archives.tcm.ie. Retrieved 17 May 2012. [dead link]
^ "7-Eleven and Shell join forces at 269 petrol stations" (Press release). Shell International B.V. 27 August 2007. Archived from the original on 29 August 2007. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ "Shell reviewing portfolio of LPG businesses" (Press release). Shell International B.V. 6 May 2010. Archived from the original on 17 May 2010. Retrieved 19 June 2010. 
^ "Shell Etsii mahdollista ostajaa Suomen toiminnoilleen" (Press release). Shell Finland. 6 April 2010. Retrieved 19 June 2010. [dead link]
^ "Keele buys Shell's Finnish and Swedish businesses" (Press release). Helsinki Times. 27 October 2010. Archived from the original on 1 August 2012. Retrieved 20 December 2011. 
^ "Reorganisation of North Sea operation to see Shell slash 250 jobs". Yahoo Finance. Retrieved 8 August 2014. 
^ Thomas C. Hayes (13 December 1990). "Shell Oil Shareholders Awarded $110 Million". The New York Times. Retrieved 27 February 2012. 
^ a b Peter Staas (3 June 2011). "Shell's Prelude FLNG Project: An Offshore Revolution?". Investing Daily. Capitol Information Group, Inc. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ a b Reuters and Associated Press (3 December 2013). "Shell's massive Prelude hull world's biggest-ever floating vessel and first ocean-based LNG plant". Financial Post. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ "Shell’s Prelude FLNG to start production in 2017?". LNG World News. 14 April 2016. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Ross Kelly (19 June 2014). "GDF Suez, Santos Halt Innovative LNG Plan in Australia". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ Matt Chambers (4 June 2013). "Geelong refinery writedown hits Shell for $203m". The Australian. Retrieved 6 June 2013. 
^ "Shell and Cosan join forces for $ 12 billion ethanol venture (Ecoseed)". 
^ "Shareholders reject Woodside plans to repurchase stake from Shell". Perth Herald. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ "SolarWorld Acquires Shell's Solar Business". RenewableEnergyWorld.com. 2 February 2006. Retrieved 18 August 2008. 
^ Shell pulls out of key wind power project, Financial Times, 1 May 2008
^ Stanley, Dean. "Shell Takes Flexible Approach to Fueling the Future". Executive View. Corland Publishing. Archived from the original on 20 August 2007. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ "Oil & Gas Giant to Build Dutch Borssele III & IV Offshore Wind Farms". Offshore Wind. 12 December 2016. Retrieved 14 December 2016. 
^ "Shell initiates Beaufort Sea oil exploration". Offshore Magazine. Pennwell Corporation. 17 March 2006. Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ Bailey, Alan (4 February 2007). "Shell proposes 18 wells". Petroleum News. 12 (5). Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ a b c d Jon Birger (3 January 2013). "What I learned aboard Shell's grounded Alaskan oil rig". Fortune Magazine. Time Inc. Retrieved 20 June 2014. 
^ Eaton, Joe (27 July 2012). "Shell Scales Back 2012 Arctic Drilling Goals". National Geographic. Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ Demer, Lisa (27 June 2012). "Shell drill rigs depart Seattle for Arctic waters in Alaska". Anchorage Daily News. Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ a b c Jerry Beilinson (1 January 2013). "What Shell's Kulluk Oil Rig Accident Means for Arctic Drilling". Popular Mechanics. Hearst Communication, Inc. Retrieved 20 June 2014. 
^ a b Phil Radford (24 May 2010). "[BP]resident Obama: Where Does BP Begin and Obama End?". The Huffington Post. Retrieved 5 October 2013. 
^ a b Mat Smith (27 February 2013). "Shell halts Arctic drill plans for 2013". CNN. Retrieved 27 February 2013. 
^ a b Terry Macalister (30 January 2014). "Shell shelves plan to drill in Alaskan Arctic this summer". The Guardian. Retrieved 3 March 2014. 
^ "The My Hero Project – Ken Saro Wiwa". Myhero.com. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ Brent Spar's long saga BBC News, 1998
^ Ek Kia, Tan (19 April 2005). "Sustainable Development in Shell" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 26 September 2007. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ G. Thomas Sims (12 April 2007). "Shell Settles With Europe on Overstated Oil Reserves". New York Times. 
^ Jill Treanor (31 May 2009). "Royal Dutch Shell to compensate shareholders for reserves scandal". The Guardian. London. 
^ Tim Fawcett (18 March 2004). "Shell's slippery slope". BBC News. 
^ Bruno, Kenny (24 January 2002). "Greenwash Award to Shell for Clouding the Issue". Campaigns. CorpWatch. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ John Vidal (13 August 2008). "Shell rapped by ASA for 'greenwash' advert". The Guardian. London. 
^ MacAlister, Terry (5 March 2007). "Shell safety record in North Sea takes a hammering". The Guardian. London. 
^ a b Ed Pilkington in New York (8 June 2009). "Shell pays out $15.5m over Saro-Wiwa killing". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ "Wiwa v. Shell". wiwavshell.org. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ "Shell settles Nigeria deaths case". BBC News. 9 June 2009. 
^ "Amnesty.org" (PDF). Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ Vogel, D. The market for virtue: The potential and limits of corporate social responsibility. 2006. p 143
^ Vidal, John (3 October 2011). "Shell oil paid Nigerian military to put down protests, court documents show". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 5 October 2011. Confidential memos, faxes, witness statements and other documents, released in 2009, show the company regularly paid the military to stop the peaceful protest movement against the pollution [...] In 2009, in a New York federal court, that evidence never saw light during the trial. 
^ Shell's Arctic oil rig departs Seattle as 'kayaktivists' warn of disaster The Guardian 15 June 2015
^ Activists protest at Shell's Finnish icebreaker rental. YLE, 16 March 2012. Retrieved 24 October 2012.
^ Laurie Tuffrey. "Greenpeace activists shut down 74 UK Shell petrol stations". the Guardian. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ Dan Joling (8 January 2013). "Salazar announces Arctic offshore drilling review; Coast Guard investigates Shell grounding". The Morning Call. The Associated Press. Retrieved 12 January 2013. [dead link]
^ Phil Radford and Benjamin Jealous (17 June 2013). "How Shell is trying to send a chill through activist groups across the country". Grist.org. Retrieved 5 October 2013. 
^ "Greenpeace protest at Shell Belgian F1 Grand Prix event – video" (Video upload). The Guardian. 27 August 2013. Retrieved 5 April 2014. 
^ "Shell abandons Alaska Arctic drilling". The Guardian. 28 September 2015. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Beekman, Daniel (14 May 2015). "More protests planned after giant oil rig muscles in". Seattle Times. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ "'Paddle in Seattle' Arctic oil drilling protest". BBC. 17 May 2015. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Vice (6 May 2015). "Shell Plans to Drill in the Arctic This Summer and It's Already Failed a Coast Guard Inspection". 
^ New York Times (12 May 2015). "Shell's Record Adds to the Anger of Those Opposing Arctic Drilling". 
^ "Oil pipeline near Tracy spills thousands of gallons of crude". Retrieved 17 June 2016. 
^ "Shell Oil Spill Dumps Thousands Of Barrels Of Crude Into Gulf Of Mexico". The Huffington Post. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Critics Question State Pipeline Oversight After 2 Altamont Oil Spills". KQUED. 10 October 2016. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 


Bibliography[edit]


"A Century in Oil" by Stephen Howarth [1997] ISBN 0-297-82247-0. A History of The "Shell" Transport and Trading Company.
"A History of Royal Dutch Shell" by Stephen Howarth and others [2007]. ISBN 978-0-19-929877-8
"Seven Sisters" by Anthony Sampson (1981) ISBN 978-0-553-23469-5
"Shell Shock: The secrets and spin of an Oil Giant" by Ian Cummins and John Beasant [2005]. ISBN 1-84018-941-X
Merrillees, Scott (2015). Jakarta: Portraits of a Capital 1950-1980. Jakarta: Equinox Publishing. ISBN 9786028397308. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Royal Dutch Shell.



Official website



Business data for Royal Dutch Shell plc:
Reuters
SEC filings



Royal Dutch Shell companies grouped at OpenCorporates
Works by Shell Union Oil Corporation at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about Royal Dutch Shell at Internet Archive
Works by Royal Dutch Shell at LibriVox (public domain audiobooks) 







v
t
e


Royal Dutch Shell



Divisions and
subsidiaries





Current




Asiatic Petroleum Company
Shell Australia
Shell Canada
Shell Chemicals
Shell Gas & Power
Ireland
Shell Nigeria
Shell Oil Company
Shell Pakistan






Former




Mexican Eagle Petroleum Company








Joint ventures





Current




Aera Energy
Albian Sands
Brunei LNG
Motiva Enterprises
Oman LNG
Pearl GTL
Sakhalin Energy






Former




Cellana
Shell-Mex and BP








Brands



Jiffy Lube
Pennzoil
Quaker State
Rain-X
Shell V-Power





People



M. King Hubbert
Fred Meissner
Gale Norton
Jorma Ollila
Rob Routs
Jeroen van der Veer
Peter Voser





Facilities and
places



Asiatic Petroleum Building
Brent Spar
Mars
Montreal East Refinery
proposed Pittsburgh ethane cracker plant
Rocky Mountain Arsenal
Scotford Upgrader
Shell Building
Shell Haven
Shell Mera
Shell Centre
Shell Centre (Calgary)
Shell Development Emeryville
Shell Mex House
One Shell Plaza
One Shell Square
Plaza Shell





Controversies



Corrib gas controversy
Movement for the Survival of the Ogoni People
Ken Saro-Wiwa
Wiwa v. Royal Dutch Shell Co.





Other



Answer Man
Club
Foundation
Guides
In Situ Conversion
Lennard's Carrying v Asiatic Petroleum
Novelty Service Station
Spectacular Sign
Turbo Chargers








 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


Petroleum industry






Petroleum
Primary energy









Benchmarks



Argus Sour
Bonny Light
Brent
Dubai
Indonesian
Isthmus-34 Light
Japan Cocktail
OPEC Reference Basket
Tapis
Urals
Western Canadian Select
West Texas Intermediate





Data




Natural gas



Consumption
Production
Reserves
Imports
Exports
Price





Petroleum



Consumption
Production
Reserves
Imports
Exports
Price (of gasoline and diesel)








Exploration



Core sampling
Geophysics
Integrated asset modelling
Petroleum engineering

Reservoir simulation
Seismic to simulation


Petroleum geology
Petrophysics
Reflection seismology (Seismic inversion)
Seismic source





Drilling



Blowout
Completion (Squeeze job)
Differential sticking
Directional drilling (Geosteering)
Drilling engineering
Drilling fluid (invasion)
Drill stem test
Lost circulation
Measurement
Tracers
Underbalanced drilling
Well logging





Production



Petroleum fiscal regime

Concessions
Production sharing agreements


Artificial lift

Pumpjack
Submersible pump (ESP)
Gas lift


Downstream
Enhanced oil recovery (EOR)

Steam injection
Gas reinjection


Midstream
Petroleum product
Pipeline transport
Refining
Upstream
Water injection
Well intervention
XT





History



1967 Oil Embargo
1973 oil crisis
1979 energy crisis
1980s oil glut
1990 oil price shock
2000s energy crisis
2010s oil glut
Founders
History of the petroleum industry
Nationalization
OPEC
GECF
Seven Sisters
Standard Oil
Oil market timelines





Provinces
and fields



List of natural gas fields
List of oil fields
East Midlands Oil Province
East Texas
Gulf of Mexico
Niger Delta
North Sea
Permian Basin
Persian Gulf
Prudhoe Bay Oil Field
Russia
Venezuela
Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin





Other topics



Acronyms
Oil shale gas
Peak oil

mitigation
timing


People
Petrocurrency
Petrodollar recycling
Shale gas
Swing producer
Unconventional oil

heavy crude
oil sands
oil shale















Companies and organisations








Major petroleum
companies





Supermajors



BP
Chevron
Eni
ExxonMobil
Royal Dutch Shell
Total






National oil
companies




ADNOC (UAE)
CNOOC (China)
CNPC (China)
Ecopetrol (Colombia)
Gazprom (Russia)
Iraq National Oil Company
Indian Oil Corporation
KazMunayGas (Kazakhstan)
Kuwait Petroleum Corporation
Lotos (Poland)
Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation
NIOC (Iran)
NISOC (Iran)
OGDCL (Pakistan)
ONGC (India)
PDVSA (Venezuela)
PKN Orlen (Poland)
Pemex (Mexico)
Pertamina (Indonesia)
PetroBangla (Bangladesh)
Petrobras (Brazil)
PetroChina
Petronas (Malaysia)
Petrovietnam
PTT (Thailand)
Qatar Petroleum
Rosneft (Russia)
Saudi Aramco (Saudi Arabia)
Sinopec (China)
SOCAR (Azerbaijan)
Sonangol (Angola)
Sonatrach (Algeria)
Statoil (Norway)
TPAO (Turkey)
YPF (Argentina)





Energy trading



Glencore
Gunvor
Mercuria
Naftiran Intertrade
Trafigura
Vitol





Other



Anadarko
Apache
BG Group
Cenovus Energy
Compañía Española de Petróleos
ConocoPhillips
Devon
Galp Energia
Hess
Husky Energy
Imperial Oil
Lukoil
Marathon Oil
Nippon Oil
Occidental
OMV
Port Harcourt Refining Company
Reliance Industries
Repsol
Suncor Energy
Surgutneftegas
TNK-BP
Tullow Oil
Tüpraş









Major services
companies




Amec Foster Wheeler
Baker Hughes
Cameron
CGG
CH2M Hill
Chicago Bridge & Iron Company
China Oilfield Services
Enbridge
Ensco
GE Oil & Gas
Halliburton
Nabors Industries
Naftiran Intertrade
National Oilwell Varco
Petrofac
Saipem
Schlumberger
Snam
Subsea 7
TransCanada
Transocean
Weatherford
Wood Group





Other



International Association of Oil & Gas Producers
International Energy Agency
International Petroleum Exchange
OPEC
Society of Petroleum Engineers
World Petroleum Council














Category
 Commons










Links to related articles











v
t
e


Energy in the United Kingdom








Companies







Coal



Anglo American
Asia Energy
BHP
ENRC
Glencore
Rio Tinto
UK Coal





Oil and gas




Integrated



BP
Royal Dutch Shell





Exploration and
production



Afren
BHP
Cairn Energy
Centrica
Dana Petroleum
Desire Petroleum
Emerald Energy
EnQuest
Essar Energy
Hardy Oil and Gas
JKX Oil & Gas
Melrose Resources
Ophir Energy
Perenco
Premier Oil
Regal Petroleum
Rockhopper Exploration
SOCO International
Star Energy
Tullow Oil





Supply



Greenergy
Murco Petroleum





Support



Abbot Group
AMEC
Ensco
Expro
Hunting
Petrofac
Qserv
Score Group
Weir Group
WesternGeco1
Wood Group








Utilities




Generation and
supply




Integrated



Centrica
EDF Energy1
E.ON UK1
RWE npower1
Scottish Power1
SSE





Generation



Drax Group
Falck Renewables
Horizon Nuclear Power1
International Power
Vattenfall United Kingdom1
Vedanta Resources





Supply



The Co-operative Energy
Ecotricity
ESB International
Extra Energy
Firmus Energy
First Utility
Good Energy
Green Energy
LoCO2 Energy
Opus Energy
Ovo Energy
Phoenix Natural Gas
Telecom Plus








Distribution




Electricity



Electricity North West1
Northern Powergrid1
SP Energy Networks1
SSE Power Distribution
UK Power Networks1
Western Power Distribution1





Gas



Firmus Energy
National Grid
Northern Gas Networks
Phoenix Natural Gas
SGN
Wales & West Utilities1








Transmission




Electricity



National Grid2
Scottish Hydro Electric Transmission
SP Energy Networks1





Gas



National Grid











Other



Aggreko
APX Group
Aquamarine Power
Ecogen
EnServe
Geothermal Engineering
Hi-Gen Power
Mark Group
Wavegen






Companies with headquarters and/or registered office in the UK but no applicable energy operations within the country shown in italics 1Ultimate parent company is not UK-based 2Integrated in the United States, no generation or supply activities in the UK














Energy sources







Coal



Coal Authority
Coal-fired power stations
Coal mines
Coal mining regions
Confederation of UK Coal Producers
Greenhouse gas emissions
History (Miners' strike
National Coal Board)
Open-pit coal mining





Electricity



Association of Electricity Producers
BritNed
East–West Interconnector
Energy switching services
Economy 7
Economy 10
Electricity billing
Green electricity
Grid Trade Master Agreement
HVDC Cross-Channel
HVDC Moyle
HVDC Norway–UK
Isle of Man to England Interconnector
National Grid

Control
Reserve Service


New Electricity Trading Arrangements
Power stations
Timeline of the electricity supply industry





Nuclear



Advanced gas-cooled reactor
Franco–British Nuclear Forum
Magnox
National Nuclear Laboratory
Nuclear Decommissioning Authority
Nuclear Liabilities Fund
Nuclear power stations
Office for Nuclear Regulation
Sellafield
United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority





Oil and gas



BBL Pipeline
Dash for Gas
Forties pipeline system
Fuel protests
Gas infrastructure
Greenhouse gas emissions
Hydrocarbon oil duty
Oil and Gas Authority
National Transmission System
Natural gas fields
Natural gas-fired power stations
North Sea oil
Oil & Gas UK
Oil fields
Oil-fired power stations
Oil infrastructure
Oil refineries
Petroleum revenue tax





Renewables




Biofuels



Biodiesel
Biofuel power stations
National Non-Food Crops Centre
Renewable Fuels Agency
Renewable Transport Fuel Obligation





Geothermal



Geothermal power stations





Hydroelectricity



Hydroelectric power stations
Severn Barrage
Wave farms





Solar power

 



Wind power



List of offshore wind farms
List of onshore wind farms
North Sea Offshore Grid
Wind power in Scotland



















Government and regulation







Organisations



Carbon Trust
Cenex
Committee on Climate Change
Department of Energy and Climate Change
Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs
Energy Saving Trust
Environment Agency
Office of Gas and Electricity Markets





Legislation and
initiatives



Carbon Emission Reduction Target
Climate Change Act 2008
Climate Change Agreement
Climate Change Levy
Climate Change and Sustainable Energy Act 2006
CRC Energy Efficiency Scheme
Display Energy Certificate
Energy Act 2013
Energy Performance Certificate
Fossil Fuel Levy
Low Carbon Building Programme
National Industrial Symbiosis Programme
Non-Fossil Fuel Obligation
Planning Act 2008
Renewable Heat Incentive
Renewables Obligation
United Kingdom Climate Change Programme
















Non-governmental organisations







Charities and
pressure groups



Ashden Award
BioRegional
Campaign against Climate Change
Centre for Alternative Technology
National Energy Action
Stop Climate Chaos
Tyndall Centre





Industry bodies



Combined Heat and Power Association
Energy Institute
Energy Networks Association
Energy Retail Association
Green Power Forum
RenewableUK
Utilities Intermediaries Association





Research



Centre for Renewable Energy Systems Technology
Energy Technologies Institute
Hadley Centre for Climate Prediction and Research
NaREC
Oil Depletion Analysis Centre
Sunbury Research Centre
UK Energy Research Centre
















Energy conservation






Association for the Conservation of Energy
British Energy Efficiency Federation
Close the Door campaign
Code for Sustainable Homes
Double Glazing & Conservatory Ombudsman Scheme
EcoHomes
Energy efficiency in British housing
Energy Saving Trust (Energy Saving Trust Recommended)
Greenhouse gas emissions
HTB
National Home Energy Rating











 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


 AEX companies of the Netherlands






Aalberts
ABN AMRO
Aegon
Ahold Delhaize
Akzo Nobel
Altice
ArcelorMittal
ASML
Boskalis
DSM
Galapagos
Gemalto
Heineken
ING
KPN
NN Group
Philips
Randstad
RELX
Royal Dutch Shell
SBM Offshore
Unibail-Rodamco
Unilever
Vopak
Wolters Kluwer












v
t
e


 FTSE 100 companies of the United Kingdom   → FTSE 250







3i
Admiral Group
Anglo American
Antofagasta
Ashtead Group
Associated British Foods
AstraZeneca
Aviva
BAE Systems
BHP
BP
Babcock International
Barclays
Barratt Developments
British American Tobacco
British Land
BT Group
Bunzl
Burberry
Carnival
Centrica
Coca-Cola HBC
Compass Group
ConvaTec
CRH
Croda International
DCC
Diageo
Direct Line Group
easyJet
Experian
Fresnillo
G4S
GKN
GlaxoSmithKline
Glencore
Hammerson
Hargreaves Lansdown
HSBC
Imperial Brands
Informa
InterContinental Hotels Group
International Airlines Group
Intertek
ITV
Johnson Matthey
Kingfisher
Land Securities Group
Legal & General
Lloyds Banking Group
London Stock Exchange Group
Marks & Spencer
Mediclinic International
Merlin Entertainments
Micro Focus International
Mondi
Morrisons
National Grid
Next
Old Mutual
Paddy Power Betfair
Pearson
Persimmon
Provident
Prudential
Randgold Resources
Royal Bank of Scotland
Reckitt Benckiser
RELX Group
Rentokil Initial
Rio Tinto Group
Rolls-Royce
Royal Dutch Shell
Royal Mail
RSA Insurance Group
Sage Group
J Sainsbury
Schroders
Scottish Mortgage Investment Trust
Segro
Severn Trent
Shire
Sky
Smith & Nephew
Smiths Group
Smurfit Kappa
SSE
Standard Chartered
Standard Life
St. James's Place
Taylor Wimpey
Tesco
TUI
Unilever
United Utilities
Vodafone
Whitbread
Wolseley
Worldpay
WPP
















 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Royal_Dutch_Shell&oldid=789456582"					
Categories: Royal Dutch ShellMultinational oil companiesOil companies of the NetherlandsOil and gas companies of the United KingdomAutomotive fuel brandsChemical companies of the NetherlandsChemical companies of the United KingdomCompanies based in LondonCompanies based in The HagueMultinational companies headquartered in the NetherlandsOrganisations based in the Netherlands with royal patronageMultinational companies based in the City of LondonNon-renewable resource companies established in 19071907 establishments in the Netherlands1907 establishments in the United KingdomCompanies listed on the London Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeEnergy companies established in 1907British companies established in 1907Companies formerly listed on the Amsterdam Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the Euronext AmsterdamDutch brandsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from February 2014Articles with dead external links from June 2014Use British English from May 2012Use dmy dates from May 2017IMO NumberOpenCorporates groupingsArticles with Project Gutenberg linksArticles with Internet Archive linksArticles with LibriVox links 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansAlemannischالعربيةবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGaeilge客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаLatinaLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPapiamentuPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng ViệtWinaray粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 7 July 2017, at 13:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.





















    Shell Global | Shell Global                                                Skip to main content        Home - Shell Global              Search     What are you looking for?     Submit      Top searches    Safety Data Sheets     Loyalty     Annual Reports     Shell Eco-marathon     Careers      Your recent searches    How can we help?     Job search       Students and graduates       Shell station locator       Shell credit cards                                    Bridges to the future of energy   In this speech in Istanbul, Turkey, Shell's Chief Executive Ben van Beurden emphasises the importance of taking a global perspective on the challenge of tackling climate change.              Next stop Australia: Prelude sets sail   Powerful tugboats pull Shell’s floating liquefied natural gas facility 5,800 kilometres from South Korea to Western Australia.              The hyperactive child who never gave up   Johari bin Brahim used the skills he acquired from Shell LiveWIRE Brunei to launch two businesses and has just won a $24 million contract. He tells Inside Energy why he’s not stopping there.              The Paris agreement: can it survive?   It is crucial that the Paris agreement remains in place, says Shell’s Chief Climate Change Advisor David Hone. It underpins the need for the ongoing energy transition to also deliver a world of net-zero emissions.        Previous   Next     0          How can we help?     Job search     Shell station locator     Shell credit cards            Featured content                 A drive for cleaner air   Hydrogen cars could play a key role in the future of transport. But what are they like to drive?                Shell’s Sustainability and Annual Report   Read our 2016 documents to discover how we work responsibly to meet the world’s growing demand for more and cleaner energy.                A record-breaking offshore lift   After decades supplying oil and gas, some North Sea platforms are nearing the end of their lives. See how the 24,200-tonne Brent Delta was lifted and carried to an industrial recycling centre more than 700 kilometres away.                 Asia’s quest for a cleaner future   Inside Energy interviews experts about the challenges facing Japan - an economic powerhouse with few energy resources of its own.              Latest news          Shell to divest Upstream interests in Ireland for up to $1.23 billion   Jul 12, 2017         Shell purchases deep-water production and storage vessel   Jul 11, 2017         Prelude FLNG begins its journey to Australia   Jun 29, 2017         Shell welcomes report on climate-related transparency   Jun 29, 2017                   Inspiring the next generation of female engineers  Katie Clasen is an Operations Support Engineer in California, USA. A commitment to community and innovation were among the values that inspired her to join Shell. “My voice is now part of the global conversation about how to address future energy needs in a sustainable way”.    Read Katie’s story                         You may also be interested in                 Our major projects                  Natural gas                  Innovating together                  Shell credit cards                                   


Royal Dutch Shell - Wikipedia






















 






Royal Dutch Shell

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Shell Company" redirects here. It is not to be confused with Shell corporation.

Royal Dutch Shell plc





Headquarters in The Hague, Netherlands




Type

Public limited company


Traded as
LSE: RDSA, RDSB
Euronext: RDSA, RDSB
NYSE: RDS.A, RDS.B
FTSE 100 Component


ISIN
GB00B03MLX29


Industry
Oil and gas


Predecessor
Royal Dutch Petroleum Co. (1890)
The Shell Transport and Trading Company Limited (1897)


Founded
February 1907; 110 years ago (1907-02)


Headquarters
The Hague, Netherlands
(Headquarters)
Shell Centre, London, England
(Registered office)



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Charles O. Holliday (Chairman)
Ben van Beurden (CEO)


Products
Petroleum, natural gas, and other petrochemicals


Revenue
 US$233.6 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$2.36 billion (2016)[1]


Profit
 US$4.57 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$411.2 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$186.6 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

93,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
Shell Australia
Shell South Africa
Shell Canada
Shell Chemicals
Shell Gas & Power
Shell Hong Kong
Shell Nigeria
Shell Oil Company
Shell Pakistan


Website
www.shell.com


Royal Dutch Shell plc (LSE: RDSA, RDSB), commonly known as Shell, is a British–Dutch multinational oil and gas company headquartered in the Netherlands and incorporated in the United Kingdom.[2] It is one of the six oil and gas "supermajors" and the sixth-largest company in the world measured by 2016 revenues (and the largest based in Europe).[1] Shell was first in the 2013 Fortune Global 500 list of the world's largest companies;[3] in that year its revenues were equivalent to 84% of the Netherlands' $556 billion GDP.[4]
Shell is vertically integrated and is active in every area of the oil and gas industry, including exploration and production, refining, distribution and marketing, petrochemicals, power generation and trading. It also has renewable energy activities in the form of biofuels[5] and wind.[6] Shell has operations in over 70 countries, produces around 3.7 million barrels of oil equivalent per day and has 44,000 service stations worldwide.[7][8] As of 31 December 2014, Shell had total proved reserves of 13.7 billion barrels (2.18×109 m3) of oil equivalent.[8][note 1] Shell Oil Company, its principal subsidiary in the United States, is one of its largest businesses.[9] Shell holds 50% of Raízen, a joint venture with Cosan, which is the third-largest Brazil-based energy company by revenues and a major producer of ethanol.[10]
Shell was formed in 1907 through the amalgamation of the Royal Dutch Petroleum Company of the Netherlands and the "Shell" Transport and Trading Company of the United Kingdom. Until its unification in 2005 the firm operated as a dual-listed company, whereby the British and Dutch companies maintained their legal existence but operated as a single-unit partnership for business purposes. Shell first entered the chemicals industry in 1929. In 1970 Shell acquired the mining company Billiton, which it subsequently sold in 1994 and now forms part of BHP Billiton. In recent decades gas exploration and production has become an increasingly important part of Shell's business.[11] Shell acquired BG Group in 2016, making it the world's largest producer of liquefied natural gas (LNG).[11]
Shell has a primary listing on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index. It had a market capitalisation of £185 billion at the close of trading on 30 December 2016, by far the largest of any company listed on the London Stock Exchange and among the highest of any company in the world.[12][13] It has secondary listings on Euronext Amsterdam and the New York Stock Exchange. As of January 2013, Shell's largest shareholder was Capital Research Global Investors with 9.85% ahead of BlackRock in second with 6.89%.[14] Shell's logo, known as the "pecten", is one of the most familiar commercial symbols in the world.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins
1.2 20th century
1.3 21st century
1.4 Environmental record
1.5 Climate change


2 Corporate affairs

2.1 Management
2.2 Name and logo

2.2.1 Logo evolution




3 Operations

3.1 Business groupings
3.2 Oil and gas activities
3.3 Sponsorships


4 Africa
5 Asia

5.1 Hong Kong
5.2 Malaysia
5.3 Philippines
5.4 Singapore


6 Europe

6.1 Ireland
6.2 Nordic countries
6.3 United Kingdom


7 North America
8 Australia
9 Alternative energy
10 Current projects

10.1 Arctic


11 Controversies

11.1 2004 overstatement of oil reserves
11.2 Corporate communications
11.3 Health and safety
11.4 Human rights
11.5 Arctic project

11.5.1 Kodiak
11.5.2 Polar Pioneer
11.5.3 Oil spills




12 See also
13 Notes
14 References
15 Bibliography
16 External links



History[edit]
Origins[edit]




Royal Dutch Petroleum dock in the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia)






The oil well at Pangkalan Brandan, North Sumatra is considered to be the origin of the Royal Dutch Shell.


The Royal Dutch Shell Group was created in February 1907 through the amalgamation of two rival companies: the Royal Dutch Petroleum Company of the Netherlands and the Shell Transport and Trading Company Limited of the United Kingdom.[15] It was a move largely driven by the need to compete globally with Standard Oil.[16] The Royal Dutch Petroleum Company was a Dutch company founded in 1890 to develop an oilfield in Pangkalan Brandan, North Sumatra,[17] and initially led by August Kessler, Hugo Loudon, and Henri Deterding. The "Shell" Transport and Trading Company (the quotation marks were part of the legal name) was a British company, founded in 1897 by Marcus Samuel, 1st Viscount Bearsted, and his brother Samuel Samuel.[18] Their father had owned an antique company in Houndsditch, London,[19] which expanded in 1833 to import and sell sea-shells, after which the company "Shell" took its name.[15][20]
For various reasons, the new firm operated as a dual-listed company, whereby the merging companies maintained their legal existence, but operated as a single-unit partnership for business purposes. The terms of the merger gave 60 percent ownership of the new group to the Dutch arm and 40 percent to the British.[21]
National patriotic sensibilities would not permit a full-scale merger or takeover of either of the two companies.[21] The Dutch company, Koninklijke Nederlandsche Petroleum Maatschappij at The Hague, was in charge of production and manufacture.[22] The British Anglo-Saxon Petroleum Company was based in London, to direct the transport and storage of the products.[22]
20th century[edit]




Shell benzine for Sir Ernest Henry Shackleton, Antarctic Expedition 1915.


During the First World War, Shell was the main supplier of fuel to the British Expeditionary Force.[23] It was also the sole supplier of aviation fuel and supplied 80 percent of the British Army's TNT.[23] It also volunteered all of its shipping to the British Admiralty.[23]
The German invasion of Romania in 1916 saw 17% of the group's worldwide production destroyed.[23]
In 1919, Shell took control of the Mexican Eagle Petroleum Company and in 1921 formed Shell-Mex Limited which marketed products under the "Shell" and "Eagle" brands in the United Kingdom. In 1929, Shell Chemicals was founded.[23] By the end of the 1920s, Shell was the world's leading oil company, producing 11 percent of the world's crude oil supply and owning 10 percent of its tanker tonnage.[23]
Shell Mex House was completed in 1931, and was the head office for Shell's marketing activity worldwide.[23] In 1932, partly in response to the difficult economic conditions of the times, Shell-Mex merged its UK marketing operations with those of British Petroleum to create Shell-Mex and BP,[24] a company that traded until the brands separated in 1975. Royal Dutch Company ranked 79th among United States corporations in the value of World War II military production contracts.[25]
The 1930s saw Shell's Mexican assets seized by the local government.[23] After the invasion of the Netherlands by Germany in 1940, the head office of the Dutch companies was moved to Curacao.[23] In 1945 Shell's Danish headquarters in Copenhagen, at the time being used by the Gestapo, was bombed by Royal Air Force Mosquitoes in Operation Carthage.[26]
Around 1952, Shell was the first company to purchase and use a computer in the Netherlands.[27] The computer, a Ferranti Mark 1*, was assembled and used at the Shell laboratory in Amsterdam. In 1970 Shell acquired the mining company Billiton, which it subsequently sold in 1994 and now forms part of BHP Billiton.[28]
21st century[edit]
In November 2004, following a period of turmoil caused by the revelation that Shell had been overstating its oil reserves, it was announced that the Shell Group would move to a single capital structure, creating a new parent company to be named Royal Dutch Shell plc, with its primary listing on the London Stock Exchange, a secondary listing on the Amsterdam Stock Exchange, its headquarters and tax residency in The Hague, Netherlands and its registered office in London. The unification was completed on 20 July 2005 and the original owners delisted their companies from the respective exchanges. On 20 July 2005, the Shell Transport & Trading Company plc was delisted from the LSE,[29] where as, Royal Dutch Petroleum Company from NYSE on 18 November 2005.[30] The shares of the company were issued at a 60/40 advantage for the shareholders of Royal Dutch in line with the original ownership of the Shell Group.[31]
During the 2009 Iraqi oil services contracts tender, a consortium led by Shell (45%) and which included Petronas (30%) was awarded a production contract for the "Majnoon field" in the south of Iraq, which contains an estimated 12.6 billion barrels (2.00×109 m3) of oil.[32][33] The "West Qurna 1 field" production contract was awarded to a consortium led by ExxonMobil (60%) and included Shell (15%).[34]
In February 2010 Shell and Cosan formed a 50:50 joint-venture, Raízen, comprising all of Cosan's Brazilian ethanol, energy generation, fuel distribution and sugar activities, and all of Shell's Brazilian retail fuel and aviation distribution businesses.[35] In March 2010, Shell announced the sale of some of its assets, including its liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) business, to meet the cost of a planned $28bn capital spending programme. Shell invited buyers to submit indicative bids, due by 22 March, with a plan to raise $2–3bn from the sale.[36] In June 2010, Royal Dutch Shell agreed to acquire all the business of East Resources for a cash consideration of $4.7 billion. The transaction included East Resources' tight gas fields.[37]
Over the course of 2013, the corporation began the sale of its US shale gas assets and cancelled a US$20 billion gas project that was to be constructed in the US state of Louisiana. A new CEO Ben van Beurden was appointed in January 2014, prior to the announcement that the corporation's overall performance in 2013 was 38 per cent lower than 2012—the value of Shell's shares fell by 3 per cent as a result.[38] Following the sale of the majority of its Australian assets in February 2014, the corporation plans to sell a further US$15 billion worth of assets in the period leading up to 2015, with deals announced in Australia, Brazil and Italy.[39]
Royal Dutch Shell announced on 8 April 2015 it had agreed to buy BG Group for £47 billion (US$70 billion), subject to shareholder and regulatory approval.[40] The acquisition was completed in February 2016, resulting in Shell surpassing Chevron Corporation and becoming the world's second largest non-state oil company.[41]
On 7 June 2016, Royal Dutch Shell announced that it would build an ethane cracker plant near Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania after spending several years doing environmental cleanup of the proposed plant's site.[42]
In January 2017, Royal Dutch Shell agreed to sell £2.46bn worth of North Sea assets to oil exploration firm Chrysaor.[43] In 2017, Shell sold its oil sands assets to Canadian Natural Resources in exchange of approximately 8.8% stake in that company. In May 2017, it was reported that Shell plans to sell its shares in Canadian Natural Resources fully exiting the oil sands business.[44]
Environmental record[edit]
The presence of companies like Shell in the Niger-Delta has led to extreme environmental issues in the Niger Delta. Many pipelines in the Niger-Delta owned by Shell are old and corroded. Shell has acknowledged its responsibility for keeping the pipelines new but has also denied responsibility for environmental causes.[45] This has led to mass protests from the Niger-Delta inhabitants, Amnesty International, and Friends of the Earth Netherlands against Shell. It has also led to action plans to boycott Shell by environmental groups, and human rights groups.[46] In January 2013, a Dutch court rejected four out of five allegations brought against the firm over oil pollution in the Niger Delta but found a subsidiary guilty of one case of pollution, ordering compensation to be paid to a Nigerian farmer.[47]
On 15 January 1999, off the Argentinian town of Magdalena, Buenos Aires, the Shell tanker Estrella Pampeana collided with a German freighter, emptying its contents into the lake, polluting the environment, drinkable water, plants and animals. Over a decade after the spill, a referendum held in Magdalena determined the acceptance of a US$9.5 million compensatory payout from Shell.[48] Shell denied responsibility for the spill, but an Argentine court ruled in 2002 that the corporation was responsible.[49]
Shell joined the Global Climate Coalition of businesses opposed to greenhouse gas emission regulation. In 1989, Shell redesigned a $3-billion North Sea natural gas platform in the North Sea, raising its height one to two meters, to accommodate an anticipated sea level rise due to global warming.[50] In 2013, Royal Dutch Shell PLC reported CO2 emissions of 81 million metric tonnes.[51]
Shell is known to be processing oil from the Amazon region of South America, a large concern for environmentalists trying to protect the area. In the United States, the Martinez refinery (CA) and the Puget Sound Refinery (WA) carry Amazonian oil. In 2015, 14% of the Martinez refinery's gross, at 19,570 barrels per day, came from the Amazon. [52]
Climate change[edit]
In 2017, a public information film unseen for years resurfaced and showed Shell had clear grasp of global warming 26 years earlier but has not acted accordingly since, said critics. [53][54][55]
Corporate affairs[edit]
Management[edit]
On 4 August 2005, the board of directors announced the appointment of Jorma Ollila, chairman and CEO of Nokia at the time, to succeed Aad Jacobs as the company's non-executive chairman on 1 June 2006. Ollila is the first Shell chairman to be neither Dutch nor British. Other non-executive directors include Maarten van den Bergh, Wim Kok, Nina Henderson, Lord Kerr, Adelbert van Roxe, and Christine Morin-Postel.[56]
Since 3 January 2014, Ben van Beurden is CEO of Shell.[38] His Predecessor was Peter Voser who became CEO of Shell on 1 July 2009.[57]
Following a career at the corporation, in locations such as Australia and Africa, Ann Pickard was appointed as the executive vice president of the Arctic at Royal Dutch Shell, a role that was publicized in an interview with McKinsey & Company in June 2014.[58]
Name and logo[edit]
The name Shell is linked to The "Shell" Transport and Trading Company.[59] In 1833, the founder's father, Marcus Samuel Sr., founded an import business to sell seashells to London collectors. When collecting seashell specimens in the Caspian Sea area in 1892, the younger Samuel realised there was potential in exporting lamp oil from the region and commissioned the world's first purpose-built oil tanker, the Murex (Latin for a type of snail shell), to enter this market; by 1907 the company had a fleet. Although for several decades the company had a refinery at Shell Haven on the Thames, there is no evidence of this having provided the name.[60]
The Shell logo is one of the most familiar commercial symbols in the world. This logo is known as the "pecten" after the sea shell Pecten maximus (the giant scallop), on which its design is based. The yellow and red colours used are thought[61] to relate to the colours of the flag of Spain, as Shell built early service stations in California, previously a Spanish colony. The current revision of the logo was designed by Raymond Loewy in 1971.[62]
The slash was removed from the name "Royal Dutch/Shell" in 2005, concurrent with moves to merge the two legally separate companies (Royal Dutch and Shell) to the single legal entity which exists today.[63]
Logo evolution[edit]







1900









1904









1909









1930




Operations[edit]
Business groupings[edit]




Upstream activities currently generate around two-thirds of Shell's revenues


Shell is currently organised into four major business groupings:[64]

Upstream – manages the upstream business. It searches for and recovers crude oil and natural gas and operates the upstream and midstream infrastructure necessary to deliver oil and gas to the market. Its activities are organised primarily within geographic units, although there are some activities that are managed across the business or provided through support units.
Integrated Gas and New Energies – manages liquefying natural gas, converting gas to liquids and low-carbon opportunities.
Downstream – manages Shell's manufacturing, distribution and marketing activities for oil products and chemicals. Manufacturing and supply includes refinery, supply and shipping of crude oil.
Projects and technology – manages the delivery of Shell's major projects, provides technical services and technology capability covering both upstream and downstream activities. It is also responsible for providing functional leadership across Shell in the areas of health, safety and environment, and contracting and procurement.

Oil and gas activities[edit]




Former Shell oil depot in Kowloon, Hong Kong around the mid-1980s


Shell's primary business is the management of a vertically integrated oil company. The development of technical and commercial expertise in all stages of this vertical integration, from the initial search for oil (exploration) through its harvesting (production), transportation, refining and finally trading and marketing established the core competencies on which the company was founded. Similar competencies were required for natural gas, which has become one of the most important businesses in which Shell is involved, and which contributes a significant proportion of the company's profits. While the vertically integrated business model provided significant economies of scale and barriers to entry, each business now seeks to be a self-supporting unit without subsidies from other parts of the company.[65]
Traditionally, Shell was a heavily decentralised business worldwide (especially in the downstream) with companies in over 100 countries, each of which operated with a high degree of independence. The upstream tended to be far more centralised with much of the technical and financial direction coming from the central offices in The Hague. The upstream oil sector is also commonly known as the "exploration and production" sector.[66]
Downstream operations, which now also includes the chemicals business, generates a third of Shell's profits worldwide and is known for its global network of more than 40,000 petrol stations and its various oil refineries. The downstream business, which in some countries also included oil refining, generally included a retail petrol station network, lubricants manufacture and marketing, industrial fuel and lubricants sales and a host of other product/market sectors such as LPG and bitumen. The practice in Shell was that these businesses were essentially local and that they were best managed by local "operating companies" – often with middle and senior management reinforced by expatriates.[67]
Sponsorships[edit]
Shell has a long history of motorsport sponsorship, most notably Scuderia Ferrari (1951-1964, 1966-1973 and 1996-present), BRM (1962-1966 and 1968-1972), Scuderia Toro Rosso (2007-2013 and 2016), McLaren (1967-1968 and 1984-1994), Lotus (1968-1971), Team Penske (2011–present), Hyundai Motorsport (since 2005), AF Corse, Risi Competizione, BMW Motorsport and Dick Johnson Racing (1987-2004). It will again become title sponsor for the latter (now rebranded as DJR Team Penske) in 2017.[68]
Africa[edit]
Shell began drilling for oil in Africa during the 1950s. Shell began production in Nigeria in 1958.[69] Shell operates in the upstream oil sector in Algeria, Cameroon, Egypt, Gabon where is the giant Rabi-Kounga oil field, Ghana, Libya, Morocco, Nigeria, South Africa and Tunisia; and in the downstream sector in 16 other countries.[70]
In Nigeria, Shell told US diplomats that it had placed staff in all the main ministries of the government.[71]
In April 2010, Shell announced its intention to divest from downstream business of all African countries except South Africa and Egypt to Vitol and "Helios".[72] In several countries such as Tunisia, protests and strikes broke out. Shell denied rumours of the sellout.[73] Shell continues however upstream activities/extracting crude oil in the oil-rich Niger Delta as well as downstream/commercial activities in South Africa. In June 2013, the company announced a strategic review of its operations in Nigeria, hinting that assets could be divested. In August 2014, the company disclosed it was in the process of finalizing the sale of its interests in four Nigerian oil fields.[74]
Asia[edit]




A Shell gasoline station in Sabah, Malaysia


Hong Kong[edit]
Shell has been active in Hong Kong for a century, providing Retail, LPG, Commercial Fuel, Lubricants, Bitumen, Aviation, Marine and Chemicals services and products. Shell also sponsored the first Hong Kong-built aircraft, Inspiration', for its around-the-world trip.[75]
Malaysia[edit]
Shell discovered the first oil well in Malaysia in 1910, in Miri, Sarawak. Today the oil well is a state monument known as the Grand Old Lady. In 1914, following this discovery, Shell built Malaysia's first oil refinery and laid a submarine pipeline in Miri.[76][77]
Philippines[edit]




Shell oil depot (Poro Point, San Fernando, La Union, Philippines).


Royal Dutch Shell operates in the Philippines under its subsidiary, Pilipinas Shell Petroleum Corporation. Its headquarters is in Makati City and it has facilities in the Pandacan oil depot and other key locations.[78]
On January 2010, the Bureau of Customs claimed 7.34 billion pesos worth of unpaid excise taxes against Pilipinas Shell for importing Catalytic cracked gasoline (CCG) and light catalytic cracked gasoline (LCCG) stating that those imports are bound for tariff charges.[79]
In August 2016, Pilipinas Shell filed an application to sell US$629 million worth of primary and secondary shares to the investing public (registration statement) with the SEC. This was a prelude to filing its IPO listing application with the Philippine Stock Exchange. On 3 November 2016 the Pilipinas Shell Petroleum Corporation was officially listed on the Philippine Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol SHLPH after they held its Initial Public Offering on 19 to 25 October of the same year.[80]
Singapore[edit]
Shell has a strong presence in Singapore, indeed Singapore is the main centre for Shell's petrochemical operations in Asia Pacific region. Shell Eastern Petroleum limited (SEPL) have their refinery located in Singapore's Pulau Bukom island. They also operate as Shell Chemicals Seraya in Jurong Island.[81]
Europe[edit]
Ireland[edit]
Shell first started trading in Ireland in 1902.[82] Shell E&P Ireland (SEPIL) (previously Enterprise Energy Ireland) is an Irish exploration and production subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell. Its headquarters are on Leeson Street in Dublin. It was acquired in May 2002.[83] Its main project is the Corrib gas project, a large gas field off the northwest coast, for which Shell has encountered controversy and protests in relation to the onshore pipeline and licence terms.[84]
In 2005 Shell disposed of its entire retail and commercial fuels business in Ireland to Topaz Energy Group. This included depots, company-owned petrol stations and supply agreements stations throughout the island of Ireland.[85] The retail outlets were re-branded as Topaz in 2008/9.[86]
Nordic countries[edit]
On 27 August 2007, Royal Dutch Shell and Reitan Group, the owner of the 7-Eleven brand in Scandinavia, announced an agreement to re-brand some 269 service stations across Norway, Sweden, Finland and Denmark, subject to obtaining regulatory approvals under the different competition laws in each country.[87] On April 2010 Shell announced that the corporation is in process of trying to find a potential buyer for all of its operations in Finland and is doing similar market research concerning Swedish operations.[88][89] On October 2010 Shell's gas stations and the heavy vehicle fuel supply networks in Finland and Sweden, along with a refinery located in Gothenburg, Sweden were sold to St1, a Finnish energy company, more precisely to its major shareholding parent company Keele Oy.[90]
United Kingdom[edit]
In the UK sector of the North Sea Shell employs around 4,500 staff in Scotland as well as an additional 1,000 service contractors: however in August 2014 it announced it was laying off 250 of them, mainly in Aberdeen.[91]
North America[edit]
Main articles: Shell Oil Company and Shell Canada




Service station near Lost Hills, California






Shell gas station sign in Phoenix, Arizona






Shell gas station in Canada


Through most of Shell's early history, the Shell Oil Company business in the United States was substantially independent with its stock being traded on the NYSE and with little direct involvement from the group's central offices in the running of the American business. However, in 1984, Royal Dutch Shell made a bid to purchase those shares of Shell Oil Company it did not own (around 30%) and despite opposition from some minority shareholders, which led to a court case, Shell completed the buyout for a sum of $5.7 billion.[92]
Australia[edit]
On 20 May 2011, Royal Dutch Shell's final investment decision for the world's first floating liquefied natural gas (FLNG) facility was finalized following the discovery of the remote offshore Prelude field—located off Australia's northwestern coast and estimated to contain about 3 trillion cubic feet of natural gas equivalent reserves—in 2007. FLNG technology is based on liquefied natural gas (LNG) developments that were pioneered in the mid-20th century and facilitates the exploitation of untapped natural gas reserves located in remote areas, often too small to extract any other way.[93][94]
The floating vessel to be used for the Prelude field, known as Prelude FLNG, is promoted as the longest floating structure in the world and will take in the equivalent of 110,000 barrels of oil per day in natural gas—at a location 200 km (125 miles) off the coast of Western Australia—and cool it into liquefied natural gas for transport and sale in Asia. The Prelude is expected to start producing LNG in 2017[95]—analysts estimated the total cost of construction at more than US$12 billion.[93][94][96]
Following the decision by the Royal Dutch Shell fuel corporation to close its Geelong, Australia refinery in April 2013, a third consecutive annual loss was recorded for Shell's Australian refining and fuel marketing assets. Revealed in June 2013, the writedown is worth A$203 million, and was preceded by a A$638m writedown in 2012 and a A$407m writedown in 2011, after the closure of the Clyde refinery in Sydney, Australia.[97]
In February 2014, Shell sold its Australian refinery and petrol stations for US$2.6 billion (A$2.9 billion) to Vitol, a Geneva-based company.[98] Vitol stated that the Geelong refinery will remain open, as the company plans to expand further into the Australian market. At the time of the sale, Royal Dutch Shell was expected to continue investment into the Australian market, with projects that involve Chevron Corp., Woodside Petroleum and Prelude.[39]
Shell sold 9.5% of its 23.1% stake in Woodside Petroleum in June 2014 and advised that it had reached an agreement for Woodside to buy back 9.5% of its shares at a later stage. Shell became a major shareholder in Woodside after a 2001 takeover attempt was blocked by then federal Treasurer Peter Costello and the corporation has been open about its intention to sell its stake in Woodside as part of its target to shed assets. At a general body meeting, held on 1 August 2014, 72 percent of shareholders voted to approve the buy-back, short of the 75 percent vote that was required for approval. A statement from Shell read: "Royal Dutch Shell acknowledges the outcome of Woodside Petroleum Limited's shareholders' negative vote on the selective buy-back proposal. Shell is reviewing its options in relation to its remaining 13.6 percent holding."[99]
Alternative energy[edit]
In the early 2000s Shell moved into alternative energy and there is now an embryonic "Renewables" business that has made investments in solar power, wind power, hydrogen, and forestry. The forestry business went the way of nuclear, coal, metals and electricity generation, and was disposed of in 2003. In 2006 Shell paid SolarWorld to take over its entire solar business[100] and in 2008, the company withdrew from the London Array which has become the world's largest offshore wind farm.[101]
Shell also is involved in large-scale hydrogen projects. HydrogenForecast.com describes Shell's approach thus far as consisting of "baby steps", but with an underlying message of "extreme optimism".[102]
Shell holds 50% of Raízen, a joint venture with Brazilian sugarcane producer Cosan which is the third-largest Brazil-based energy company by revenues and a major producer of ethanol.[10]
In December 2016, Shell won the auction for the 700 MW Borssele III & IV offshore wind farms at a price of 5.45 c/kWh, beating 6 other consortia.[103]
Current projects[edit]
Arctic[edit]
Following the purchase of an offshore lease in 2005, Shell initiated its US$4.5 billion Arctic drilling program in 2006, after the corporation purchased the "Kulluk" oil rig and leased the Noble Discoverer drillship.[104][105] At inception, the project was led by Pete Slaiby, a Shell executive who had previously worked in the North Sea.[106] However, after the purchase of a second offshore lease in 2008, Shell only commenced drilling work in 2012, due to the refurbishment of rigs, permit delays from the relevant authorities and lawsuits.[107][108][109] The plans to drill in the Arctic led to protests from environmental groups, particularly Greenpeace; furthermore, analysts in the energy field, as well as related industries, also expressed skepticism due to perceptions that drilling in the region is "too dangerous because of harsh conditions and remote locations".[109][110]
Further problems hampered the Arctic project after the commencement of drilling in 2012, as Shell dealt with a series of issues that involved air permits, Coast Guard certification of a marine vessel and severe damage to essential oil-spill equipment. Additionally, difficult weather conditions resulted in the delay of drilling during mid-2012 and the already dire situation was exacerbated by the "Kulluk" incident at the end of the year. Royal Dutch Shell had invested nearly US$5 billion by this stage of the project.[106][109]
As the Kulluk oil rig was being towed to the American state of Washington to be serviced in preparation for the 2013 drilling season, a winter storm on 27 December 2012 caused the towing crews, as well as the rescue service, to lose control of the situation. As of 1 January 2013, the Kulluk was grounded off the coast Sitkalidak Island, near the eastern end of Kodiak Island. Following the accident, a Fortune magazine contacted Larry McKinney, the executive director at the Harte Research Institute for Gulf of Mexico Studies at Texas A&M, and he explained that "A two-month delay in the Arctic is not a two-month delay ... A two-month delay could wipe out the entire drilling season."[106]
It was unclear if Shell would recommence drilling in mid-2013, following the "Kulluk" incident and, in February 2013, the corporation stated that it would "pause" its closely watched drilling project off the Alaskan coast in 2013, and will instead prepare for future exploration.[111] In January 2014, the corporation announced the extension of the suspension of its drilling program in the Arctic, with chief executive van Beurden explaining that the project is "under review" due to both market and internal issues.[112]
A June 2014 interview with Pickard indicated that, following a forensic analysis of the problems encountered in 2012, Royal Dutch Shell will continue with the project and Pickard stated that she perceives the future of the corporation activity in the Arctic region as a long-term "marathon".[58] Pickard stated that the forensic "look back" revealed "there was an on/off switch" and further explained:

In other words, don't spend the money unless you're sure you're going to have the legal environment to go forward. Don't spend the money unless you're sure you're going to have the permit. No, I can't tell you that I'm going to have that permit until June, but we need to plan like we're going to have that permit in June. And so probably the biggest lesson is to make sure we could smooth out the on/off switches wherever we could and take control of our own destiny.[58]

Based upon the interview with Pickard, Shell is approaching the project as an investment that will reap energy resources with a lifespan of around 30 years.[58]
Controversies[edit]




Former Shell Research and Technology Centre, Amsterdam


Shell has been criticised for its businesses in Africa, notably in relation to protests of the Ogoni in 1995.[113]
In the 1990s, protesters criticised the company's environmental record, particularly the possible pollution caused by the proposed disposal of the Brent Spar platform into the North Sea. Despite support from the UK government, Shell reversed the decision under public pressure but maintained that sinking the platform would have been environmentally better.[114] Shell subsequently published an unequivocal commitment to sustainable development, supported by executive speeches reinforcing this commitment.[115]
2004 overstatement of oil reserves[edit]
In 2004 Shell overstated its oil reserves, resulting in loss of confidence in the group, a £17 million fine by the Financial Services Authority and the departure of the chairman Philip Watts. A lawsuit resulted in the payment of $450 million to non-American shareholders in 2007.[116][117][118]
Corporate communications[edit]




Shell Centre building in London, UK


Shell's advertising regarding its renewable energy business has been described as a greenwash by some environmental lobbies,[119] leading to criticism from the British Advertising Standards Authority which ruled that Shell had misled the public in an advertisement when it claimed that a $10 billion oil sands project in Alberta, Canada was a "sustainable energy source".[120]
Health and safety[edit]
A number of incidents over the years led to criticism of Shell's health and safety record, including repeated warnings by the UK Health and Safety Executive about the poor state of the company's North Sea platforms.[121]
Human rights[edit]
In the beginning of 1996, several human rights groups brought cases to hold Shell accountable for alleged human rights violations in Nigeria, including summary execution, crimes against humanity, torture, inhumane treatment and arbitrary arrest and detention. In particular, Shell stood accused of collaborating in the execution of Ken Saro-Wiwa and eight other leaders of the Ogoni tribe of southern Nigeria, who were hanged in 1995 by Nigeria's then military rulers.[122] The lawsuits were brought against Royal Dutch Shell and Brian Anderson, the head of its Nigerian operation.[123] In 2009, Shell agreed to pay $15.5m in a legal settlement.[122] Shell has not accepted any liability over the allegations against it.[124]
In 2009, Shell was the subject of an Amnesty International report into the deterioration of human rights as a consequence of Shell's activities in the Niger Delta. In particular, Amnesty criticised the continuation of gas flaring and Shell's slow response to oil spills.[125] In 1998, on its first public report on community and environmental issues in Nigeria, Shell promised "to end the practice of gas flaring in ten years, while pledging to establish a youth training scheme in Ogoniland".[126]
In 2010, a leaked cable revealed that Shell claims to have inserted staff into all the main ministries of the Nigerian government and know "everything that was being done in those ministries", according to Shell's top executive in Nigeria. The same executive also boasted that the Nigerian government had forgotten about the extent of Shell's infiltration.[71] Documents released in 2009 (but not used in the court case) reveal that Shell regularly made payments to the Nigerian military in order to prevent protests.[127]
Arctic project[edit]
According to the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management report in 2015 the chances of a major spill in a deep-sea Arctic drilling is 75% before century's end.[128]
Kodiak[edit]
In 2010 Greenpeace activists painted "No Arctic Drilling" with spilled BP oil on the side of a ship in the Gulf of Mexico that was en route to explore for Arctic oil for Shell. At the protest, Phil Radford of Greenpeace called for "President Obama [to] ban all offshore oil drilling and call for an end to the use of oil in our cars by 2030."[110]
On 16 March 2012, 52 Greenpeace activists from five different countries boarded Fennica and Nordica, multipurpose icebreakers chartered to support Shell's drilling rigs near Alaska.[129] Around the same time period, a reporter for Fortune magazine spoke with Edward Itta, an Inupiat Eskimo leader and the former mayor of the North Slope Borough, who expressed that he was conflicted about Shell's plans in the Arctic, as he was very concerned that an oil spill could destroy the Inupiat Eskimo's hunting-and-fishing culture, but his borough also received major tax revenue from oil and gas production; additionally, further revenue from energy activity was considered crucial to the future of the living standard in Itta's community.[106]
In July 2012, Greenpeace activists shut down 53 Shell petrol stations in Edinburgh and London in a protest against the company's plans to drill for oil in the Arctic. Greenpeace's "Save the Arctic" campaign aims to prevent oil drilling and industrial fishing in the Arctic by declaring the uninhabited area around the North Pole a global sanctuary.[130]
A review was announced after the Kulluk oil rig ran aground near Kodiak Island in December 2012.[131]
In response, Shell filed lawsuits to seek injunctions from possible protests, and Benjamin Jealous of the NAACP and Radford argued that the legal action was "trampling Americans' rights."[132] According to Greenpeace, Shell lodged a request with Google to take down video footage of a Greenpeace protest action that occurred at the Shell-sponsored Formula One (F1) Belgian Grand Prix on 25 August 2013, in which "SaveTheArctic.org" banners appear at the winners' podium ceremony. In the video, the banners rise up automatically—activists controlled their appearance with the use of four radio car antennas—revealing the website URL, alongside an image that consists of half of a polar bear's head and half of the Shell logo.[133]
Royal Dutch Shell then announced a "pause" in the timeline of the project in early 2013[111] and, in September 2015, the corporation announced the extension of the suspension of its drilling program in the Arctic.[134]
Polar Pioneer[edit]
A June 2014 interview with the corporation's new executive vice president of the Arctic indicated that Royal Dutch Shell will continue with its activity in the region.[58][112]
In Seattle protests began in May 2015 in response to the news that the Port of Seattle made an agreement with Shell to berth rigs at the Port's Terminal 5 during the off-season of oil exploration in Alaskan waters. The arrival of Shell's new Arctic drilling vessel, the Polar Pioneer ( IMO number: 8754140), a semi-submersible offshore drilling rig, was greeted by large numbers of environmental protesters paddling kayaks in Elliott Bay.[135][136]
On 6 May 2015 it was reported that during a coast guard inspection of the Polar Pioneer, a piece of anti-pollution gear failed, resulting in fines and delay of the operation.[137] Oil executives from Total and Eni interviewed by the New York Times, expressed scepticism about Shell's new ambitions for offshore drilling in the Arctic, and cited economic and environmental hurdles. ConocoPhillips and Statoil suspended Arctic drilling earlier, after Shell's failed attempt in 2012.[138]
Oil spills[edit]

Shell was responsible for around 21,000 gallons of oil spilled near Tracy, California in May 2016 due to a pipeline crack.[139]
Shell was responsible for a 88,200-gallon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico in May 2016.[140]
Two ruptures in a Shell Oil Co. pipeline in Altamont, California - one in September 2015 and another in May 2016 - had some questioning whether the Office of the State Fire Marshal, charged with overseeing the pipeline, was doing an adequate job.[141]

See also[edit]


Companies portal
Energy portal



Bataafse Petroleum Maatschappij
Chaco War
Lensbury
royaldutchshellplc.com
Shell Guides, a series of guidebooks
Shell V-Power
List of investors in Bernard L. Madoff Securities
List of companies based in London
Fossil fuels lobby

Notes[edit]



^ Proforma aggregate total for Royal Dutch Shell and BG Group combined.



References[edit]


^ a b c d e f g "Royal Dutch Shell plc Financial Statements". Google. Retrieved 10 July 2016. 
^ "About Shell". Shell. Retrieved 12 July 2013. 
^ "Global 500. Royal Dutch Shell". CNN. 2012. Retrieved 29 January 2013. 
^ Shell, Glencore, and Other Multinationals Dominate Their Home Economies 4 April 2013 BusinessWeek
^ Webb, Tim (17 March 2009). "Shell dumps wind, solar and hydro power in favour of biofuels". London: The Guardian. Retrieved 17 March 2013. 
^ "Wind". shell.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ "Shell at a glance". Royal Dutch Shell plc. Retrieved 30 August 2010. 
^ a b "8 Apr 2015 - Recommended Cash and Share Offer Announcement" (PDF). Royal Dutch Shell plc. Retrieved 29 October 2016. 
^ "Exploration & Production in the United States". Royal Dutch Shell plc. Archived from the original on 24 July 2011. Retrieved 30 August 2010. 
^ a b Shell and Cosan join forces for $ 12 billion ethanol venture
^ a b Fox, Justin (8 April 2015). "Stop Calling Shell an Oil Company". Bloomberg. Retrieved 29 October 2016. 
^ "Market Cap Rankings". Ycharts. Zacks Investment Research. 8 April 2012. Archived from the original on 31 March 2012. Retrieved 9 April 2012. 
^ "FTSE All-Share Index Ranking". stockchallenge.co.uk. Retrieved 1 January 2017. 
^ "Report: Qatar eyes largest piece of Shell". Upstream Online. NHST Media Group. 7 September 2012. Retrieved 8 September 2012. 
^ a b "The beginnings". shell.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ Fred Aftalion (2001). A History of the International Chemical Industry. Chemical Heritage Foundation. p. 142. ISBN 978-0-941901-29-1. 
^ Merrillees 2015, p. 60.
^ Royal Dutch Shell: History Archived 11 October 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Mark Forsyth (2011). The Etymologicon: A Circular Stroll through the Hidden Connections of the English Language. Icon Books. p. 140. ISBN 978-1-84831-319-4. 
^ Falola, Toyin; Genova, Ann (2005). The Politics of the Global Oil Industry: An Introduction. Greenwood Publishing Group. p. 30. 
^ a b F. C. Gerretson (1953). History of the Royal Dutch. Brill Archive. p. 346. GGKEY:NNJNHTLUZKG. 
^ a b F. C. Gerretson (1953). History of the Royal Dutch. Brill Archive. p. 346. GGKEY:NNJNHTLUZKG. 
^ a b c d e f g h i "The early 20th century". shell.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ Reference and contact details: GB 1566 SMBP Title:Shell-Mex and BP Archive Dates of Creation: 1900–1975 Held at: BP Archive GB 1566 SMBP
^ Peck, Merton J. & Scherer, Frederic M. The Weapons Acquisition Process: An Economic Analysis (1962) Harvard Business School p.619
^ Velschow, Klaus. "The Bombing of the Shellhus on March 21, 1945". milhist.dk. Archived from the original on 10 April 2014. Retrieved 21 April 2015. 
^ The Ferranti Mark 1* that went to Shell labs in Amsterdam, Netherlands (Dutch only)
^ "Analysis: Cash bounty lures miners into risky empire-building". Reuters. 27 September 2010. Retrieved 22 April 2011. 
^ The Shell Transport & Trading Company plc delisted from LSE
^ N.V. Koninklijke Nederlandsche Petroleum Maatschappij (English translation, Royal Dutch Petroleum Company) to Withdraw its Ordinary Shares, par value 0.56 Euro, from NYSE
^ Shell shareholders agree merger BBC News, 2005
^ "Iraq holds oil auction, Shell wins giant field". Reuters. 11 December 2009. Retrieved 22 August 2012. 
^ Pagnamenta, Robin (12 December 2009). "Shell secures vital toehold in 'the new Iraq' where oil is ready to flow". The Times. London. Retrieved 22 April 2011. 
^ 2009 Iraqi oil services contracts tender
^ "Shell bets on ethanol in $21 billion deal with Brazil's Cosan". Reuters. 1 February 2010. Retrieved 22 April 2011. 
^ "Shell to fund capital spending by selling LPG assets". 1 March 2010. Retrieved 11 March 2010. 
^ "Shell Acquires East Resources' Tight Gas Fields". Infogrok.com. 31 May 2010. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ a b Tom Bawden (17 January 2014). "Royal Dutch Shell issues shock profit warning". The Independent. London. Retrieved 24 February 2014. 
^ a b James Paton (21 February 2014). "Vitol to Pay Shell A$2.9 Billion for Australian Assets". Bloomberg. Retrieved 24 February 2014. 
^ Tiffany Hsu (8 April 2015). "Shell-BG tie-up could challenge market leader Exxon Mobil". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 8 April 2015. 
^ Rakteem Katakey (15 February 2016). "Shell Surpasses Chevron to Become No. 2 Oil Company: Chart". Bloomberg.com. 
^ Shell takes final investment decision to build a new petrochemicals complex in Pennsylvania, US Royal Dutch Shell (06/07/2016)
^ "Shell sells North Sea assets worth £2.46bn to Chrysaor". BBC News. 31 January 2017. Retrieved 10 June 2017. 
^ Williams, Nia (24 May 2017). "Shell, ConocoPhillips oil sands share selloff risks flooding market". Reuters. Retrieved 10 June 2017. 
^ Shell International Petroleum Company, Developments in Nigeria (London: March 1995)
^ "Niger Delta: Shell's manifestly false claims about oil pollution exposed, again". Amnesty International. 3 November 2015. Retrieved 26 March 2015. 
^ Shell Nigeria case: Court acquits firm on most charges, United Kingdom: BBC News, 30 January 2013 
^ "Argentinian town agrees to damages for oil spill". Radio Netherlands Worldwide. Radio Netherlands Worldwide. 18 May 2009. Retrieved 3 March 2014. 
^ "Court rules Shell must spend US$35mn on Magdalena clean-up". BNamericas. BNamericas. 22 November 2002. Retrieved 3 March 2014. 
^ Lieberman, Amy; Rust, Susanne (31 December 2015). "Big Oil braced for global warming while it fought regulations". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 22 January 2016. 
^ "Royal Dutch Shell PLC - AMEE". 
^ "From Well to Wheel: The Social, Environmental, and Climate Costs of Amazon Crude". Amazon Watch. Retrieved 27 March 2017. 
^ Carrington, Damian; Mommers, Jelmer (28 February 2017). "‘Shell knew’: oil giant's 1991 film warned of climate change danger". The Guardian. Retrieved 25 April 2017. 
^ Mommers, Jelmer; Carrington, Damian (28 February 2017). "If Shell knew climate change was dire 25 years ago, why still business as usual today?". The Correspondent. Retrieved 25 April 2017. 
^ Mommers, Jelmer (28 February 2017). "Shell made a film about climate change in 1991 (then neglected to heed its own warning)". The Correspondent. Retrieved 25 April 2017. 
^ "Royal Dutch Shell: Directors & Officers". FT.com. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Shell press release Archived 2 November 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b c d e Rik Kirkland (June 2014). "Leading in the 21st century: An interview with Shell's Ann Pickard". McKinsey & Company. McKinsey & Company. Retrieved 20 June 2014. 
^ "About Shell – The history of the Shell logo". About Shell. Shell International B.V. 15 June 2007. Archived from the original on 13 July 2010. Retrieved 10 March 2010. 
^ "Shell Haven celebrate a new jetty facility". Shell. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Business Superbrands, Editor: Marcel Knobil, Author James Curtis (2000), Superbrands Ltd. ISBN 978-0-9528153-4-1, p. 93.
^ "raymod loewy logos". designboom.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ "1980s to the new millennium – Shell Global". Shell Global. 17 December 2012. Retrieved 6 October 2013. 
^ "What we do". Shell. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Vertical integration". The Economist. 30 March 2009. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Industry Overview". Petroleum Services Association of Canada. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Facelift for Shell logo in pounds 500m 'new look' drive: Petrol giant plans to update outlets in 100 countries ready for next century". The Independent. 30 August 1993. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Shell to become full-time DJR Team Penske backer". Motorsport.com. 3 October 2016. 
^ "Post-war expansion". Shell. Retrieved 9 December 2010. 
^ "Where we operate". Shell. Archived from the original on 2 November 2010. Retrieved 9 December 2010. 
^ a b Smith, David (8 December 2010). "WikiLeaks cables: Shell's grip on Nigerian state revealed". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 9 December 2010. 
^ "Shell Group To Divest Assets In 21 African Countries". Peace FM Online. 8 April 2010. Archived from the original on 11 April 2010. 
^ Shell Denies Rumours of Planned Market Exit
^ "Stakes in four Nigerian oil fields being sold by Shell". Nigeria Sun. 27 August 2014. Retrieved 28 August 2014. 
^ "‘Inspiration’ in the skies: first Hong Kong-made plane prepares for epic world tour". Retrieved 28 July 2016. 
^ "‘Inspiration’ in the skies: first Hong Kong-made plane prepares for epic world tour". Retrieved 28 July 2016. 
^ 26 July 2016, Reuters.
^ "Pilipinas Shell Petroleum Corporation". Shell.com.ph. 17 February 2012. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ "Nasdaq.com". Nasdaq.com. 4 May 2012. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ "Report: PSE oks Pilipinas Shell’s P30B IPO". Upstream Online. Philippine Daily Inquirer. 29 September 2016. Retrieved 29 September 2016. 
^ "Shell Eastern Petroleum Ltd (SEPL), Singapore". ChemicalsTechnology. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Book "Down Many a Road", the story of Shell in Ireland from 1902 to 200 – Bob Montgomery Dreolín Publications 2002 ISBN 1-902773-11-X
^ Shell in Ireland Archived 8 August 2009 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Corrib". SubseaIQ. Bishop Interactive. Retrieved 9 August 2010. 
^ Making a big deal: the movers and shakers in Irish business Archived 30 May 2011 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Hennessy, Niamh (20 February 2008). "Topaz spending €50m re-branding Shell and Statoil stations nationwide". Archives.tcm.ie. Retrieved 17 May 2012. [dead link]
^ "7-Eleven and Shell join forces at 269 petrol stations" (Press release). Shell International B.V. 27 August 2007. Archived from the original on 29 August 2007. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ "Shell reviewing portfolio of LPG businesses" (Press release). Shell International B.V. 6 May 2010. Archived from the original on 17 May 2010. Retrieved 19 June 2010. 
^ "Shell Etsii mahdollista ostajaa Suomen toiminnoilleen" (Press release). Shell Finland. 6 April 2010. Retrieved 19 June 2010. [dead link]
^ "Keele buys Shell's Finnish and Swedish businesses" (Press release). Helsinki Times. 27 October 2010. Archived from the original on 1 August 2012. Retrieved 20 December 2011. 
^ "Reorganisation of North Sea operation to see Shell slash 250 jobs". Yahoo Finance. Retrieved 8 August 2014. 
^ Thomas C. Hayes (13 December 1990). "Shell Oil Shareholders Awarded $110 Million". The New York Times. Retrieved 27 February 2012. 
^ a b Peter Staas (3 June 2011). "Shell's Prelude FLNG Project: An Offshore Revolution?". Investing Daily. Capitol Information Group, Inc. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ a b Reuters and Associated Press (3 December 2013). "Shell's massive Prelude hull world's biggest-ever floating vessel and first ocean-based LNG plant". Financial Post. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ "Shell’s Prelude FLNG to start production in 2017?". LNG World News. 14 April 2016. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Ross Kelly (19 June 2014). "GDF Suez, Santos Halt Innovative LNG Plan in Australia". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ Matt Chambers (4 June 2013). "Geelong refinery writedown hits Shell for $203m". The Australian. Retrieved 6 June 2013. 
^ "Shell and Cosan join forces for $ 12 billion ethanol venture (Ecoseed)". 
^ "Shareholders reject Woodside plans to repurchase stake from Shell". Perth Herald. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ "SolarWorld Acquires Shell's Solar Business". RenewableEnergyWorld.com. 2 February 2006. Retrieved 18 August 2008. 
^ Shell pulls out of key wind power project, Financial Times, 1 May 2008
^ Stanley, Dean. "Shell Takes Flexible Approach to Fueling the Future". Executive View. Corland Publishing. Archived from the original on 20 August 2007. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ "Oil & Gas Giant to Build Dutch Borssele III & IV Offshore Wind Farms". Offshore Wind. 12 December 2016. Retrieved 14 December 2016. 
^ "Shell initiates Beaufort Sea oil exploration". Offshore Magazine. Pennwell Corporation. 17 March 2006. Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ Bailey, Alan (4 February 2007). "Shell proposes 18 wells". Petroleum News. 12 (5). Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ a b c d Jon Birger (3 January 2013). "What I learned aboard Shell's grounded Alaskan oil rig". Fortune Magazine. Time Inc. Retrieved 20 June 2014. 
^ Eaton, Joe (27 July 2012). "Shell Scales Back 2012 Arctic Drilling Goals". National Geographic. Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ Demer, Lisa (27 June 2012). "Shell drill rigs depart Seattle for Arctic waters in Alaska". Anchorage Daily News. Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ a b c Jerry Beilinson (1 January 2013). "What Shell's Kulluk Oil Rig Accident Means for Arctic Drilling". Popular Mechanics. Hearst Communication, Inc. Retrieved 20 June 2014. 
^ a b Phil Radford (24 May 2010). "[BP]resident Obama: Where Does BP Begin and Obama End?". The Huffington Post. Retrieved 5 October 2013. 
^ a b Mat Smith (27 February 2013). "Shell halts Arctic drill plans for 2013". CNN. Retrieved 27 February 2013. 
^ a b Terry Macalister (30 January 2014). "Shell shelves plan to drill in Alaskan Arctic this summer". The Guardian. Retrieved 3 March 2014. 
^ "The My Hero Project – Ken Saro Wiwa". Myhero.com. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ Brent Spar's long saga BBC News, 1998
^ Ek Kia, Tan (19 April 2005). "Sustainable Development in Shell" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 26 September 2007. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ G. Thomas Sims (12 April 2007). "Shell Settles With Europe on Overstated Oil Reserves". New York Times. 
^ Jill Treanor (31 May 2009). "Royal Dutch Shell to compensate shareholders for reserves scandal". The Guardian. London. 
^ Tim Fawcett (18 March 2004). "Shell's slippery slope". BBC News. 
^ Bruno, Kenny (24 January 2002). "Greenwash Award to Shell for Clouding the Issue". Campaigns. CorpWatch. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ John Vidal (13 August 2008). "Shell rapped by ASA for 'greenwash' advert". The Guardian. London. 
^ MacAlister, Terry (5 March 2007). "Shell safety record in North Sea takes a hammering". The Guardian. London. 
^ a b Ed Pilkington in New York (8 June 2009). "Shell pays out $15.5m over Saro-Wiwa killing". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ "Wiwa v. Shell". wiwavshell.org. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ "Shell settles Nigeria deaths case". BBC News. 9 June 2009. 
^ "Amnesty.org" (PDF). Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ Vogel, D. The market for virtue: The potential and limits of corporate social responsibility. 2006. p 143
^ Vidal, John (3 October 2011). "Shell oil paid Nigerian military to put down protests, court documents show". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 5 October 2011. Confidential memos, faxes, witness statements and other documents, released in 2009, show the company regularly paid the military to stop the peaceful protest movement against the pollution [...] In 2009, in a New York federal court, that evidence never saw light during the trial. 
^ Shell's Arctic oil rig departs Seattle as 'kayaktivists' warn of disaster The Guardian 15 June 2015
^ Activists protest at Shell's Finnish icebreaker rental. YLE, 16 March 2012. Retrieved 24 October 2012.
^ Laurie Tuffrey. "Greenpeace activists shut down 74 UK Shell petrol stations". the Guardian. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ Dan Joling (8 January 2013). "Salazar announces Arctic offshore drilling review; Coast Guard investigates Shell grounding". The Morning Call. The Associated Press. Retrieved 12 January 2013. [dead link]
^ Phil Radford and Benjamin Jealous (17 June 2013). "How Shell is trying to send a chill through activist groups across the country". Grist.org. Retrieved 5 October 2013. 
^ "Greenpeace protest at Shell Belgian F1 Grand Prix event – video" (Video upload). The Guardian. 27 August 2013. Retrieved 5 April 2014. 
^ "Shell abandons Alaska Arctic drilling". The Guardian. 28 September 2015. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Beekman, Daniel (14 May 2015). "More protests planned after giant oil rig muscles in". Seattle Times. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ "'Paddle in Seattle' Arctic oil drilling protest". BBC. 17 May 2015. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Vice (6 May 2015). "Shell Plans to Drill in the Arctic This Summer and It's Already Failed a Coast Guard Inspection". 
^ New York Times (12 May 2015). "Shell's Record Adds to the Anger of Those Opposing Arctic Drilling". 
^ "Oil pipeline near Tracy spills thousands of gallons of crude". Retrieved 17 June 2016. 
^ "Shell Oil Spill Dumps Thousands Of Barrels Of Crude Into Gulf Of Mexico". The Huffington Post. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Critics Question State Pipeline Oversight After 2 Altamont Oil Spills". KQUED. 10 October 2016. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 


Bibliography[edit]


"A Century in Oil" by Stephen Howarth [1997] ISBN 0-297-82247-0. A History of The "Shell" Transport and Trading Company.
"A History of Royal Dutch Shell" by Stephen Howarth and others [2007]. ISBN 978-0-19-929877-8
"Seven Sisters" by Anthony Sampson (1981) ISBN 978-0-553-23469-5
"Shell Shock: The secrets and spin of an Oil Giant" by Ian Cummins and John Beasant [2005]. ISBN 1-84018-941-X
Merrillees, Scott (2015). Jakarta: Portraits of a Capital 1950-1980. Jakarta: Equinox Publishing. ISBN 9786028397308. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Royal Dutch Shell.



Official website



Business data for Royal Dutch Shell plc:
Reuters
SEC filings



Royal Dutch Shell companies grouped at OpenCorporates
Works by Shell Union Oil Corporation at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about Royal Dutch Shell at Internet Archive
Works by Royal Dutch Shell at LibriVox (public domain audiobooks) 







v
t
e


Royal Dutch Shell



Divisions and
subsidiaries





Current




Asiatic Petroleum Company
Shell Australia
Shell Canada
Shell Chemicals
Shell Gas & Power
Ireland
Shell Nigeria
Shell Oil Company
Shell Pakistan






Former




Mexican Eagle Petroleum Company








Joint ventures





Current




Aera Energy
Albian Sands
Brunei LNG
Motiva Enterprises
Oman LNG
Pearl GTL
Sakhalin Energy






Former




Cellana
Shell-Mex and BP








Brands



Jiffy Lube
Pennzoil
Quaker State
Rain-X
Shell V-Power





People



M. King Hubbert
Fred Meissner
Gale Norton
Jorma Ollila
Rob Routs
Jeroen van der Veer
Peter Voser





Facilities and
places



Asiatic Petroleum Building
Brent Spar
Mars
Montreal East Refinery
proposed Pittsburgh ethane cracker plant
Rocky Mountain Arsenal
Scotford Upgrader
Shell Building
Shell Haven
Shell Mera
Shell Centre
Shell Centre (Calgary)
Shell Development Emeryville
Shell Mex House
One Shell Plaza
One Shell Square
Plaza Shell





Controversies



Corrib gas controversy
Movement for the Survival of the Ogoni People
Ken Saro-Wiwa
Wiwa v. Royal Dutch Shell Co.





Other



Answer Man
Club
Foundation
Guides
In Situ Conversion
Lennard's Carrying v Asiatic Petroleum
Novelty Service Station
Spectacular Sign
Turbo Chargers








 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


Petroleum industry






Petroleum
Primary energy









Benchmarks



Argus Sour
Bonny Light
Brent
Dubai
Indonesian
Isthmus-34 Light
Japan Cocktail
OPEC Reference Basket
Tapis
Urals
Western Canadian Select
West Texas Intermediate





Data




Natural gas



Consumption
Production
Reserves
Imports
Exports
Price





Petroleum



Consumption
Production
Reserves
Imports
Exports
Price (of gasoline and diesel)








Exploration



Core sampling
Geophysics
Integrated asset modelling
Petroleum engineering

Reservoir simulation
Seismic to simulation


Petroleum geology
Petrophysics
Reflection seismology (Seismic inversion)
Seismic source





Drilling



Blowout
Completion (Squeeze job)
Differential sticking
Directional drilling (Geosteering)
Drilling engineering
Drilling fluid (invasion)
Drill stem test
Lost circulation
Measurement
Tracers
Underbalanced drilling
Well logging





Production



Petroleum fiscal regime

Concessions
Production sharing agreements


Artificial lift

Pumpjack
Submersible pump (ESP)
Gas lift


Downstream
Enhanced oil recovery (EOR)

Steam injection
Gas reinjection


Midstream
Petroleum product
Pipeline transport
Refining
Upstream
Water injection
Well intervention
XT





History



1967 Oil Embargo
1973 oil crisis
1979 energy crisis
1980s oil glut
1990 oil price shock
2000s energy crisis
2010s oil glut
Founders
History of the petroleum industry
Nationalization
OPEC
GECF
Seven Sisters
Standard Oil
Oil market timelines





Provinces
and fields



List of natural gas fields
List of oil fields
East Midlands Oil Province
East Texas
Gulf of Mexico
Niger Delta
North Sea
Permian Basin
Persian Gulf
Prudhoe Bay Oil Field
Russia
Venezuela
Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin





Other topics



Acronyms
Oil shale gas
Peak oil

mitigation
timing


People
Petrocurrency
Petrodollar recycling
Shale gas
Swing producer
Unconventional oil

heavy crude
oil sands
oil shale















Companies and organisations








Major petroleum
companies





Supermajors



BP
Chevron
Eni
ExxonMobil
Royal Dutch Shell
Total






National oil
companies




ADNOC (UAE)
CNOOC (China)
CNPC (China)
Ecopetrol (Colombia)
Gazprom (Russia)
Iraq National Oil Company
Indian Oil Corporation
KazMunayGas (Kazakhstan)
Kuwait Petroleum Corporation
Lotos (Poland)
Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation
NIOC (Iran)
NISOC (Iran)
OGDCL (Pakistan)
ONGC (India)
PDVSA (Venezuela)
PKN Orlen (Poland)
Pemex (Mexico)
Pertamina (Indonesia)
PetroBangla (Bangladesh)
Petrobras (Brazil)
PetroChina
Petronas (Malaysia)
Petrovietnam
PTT (Thailand)
Qatar Petroleum
Rosneft (Russia)
Saudi Aramco (Saudi Arabia)
Sinopec (China)
SOCAR (Azerbaijan)
Sonangol (Angola)
Sonatrach (Algeria)
Statoil (Norway)
TPAO (Turkey)
YPF (Argentina)





Energy trading



Glencore
Gunvor
Mercuria
Naftiran Intertrade
Trafigura
Vitol





Other



Anadarko
Apache
BG Group
Cenovus Energy
Compañía Española de Petróleos
ConocoPhillips
Devon
Galp Energia
Hess
Husky Energy
Imperial Oil
Lukoil
Marathon Oil
Nippon Oil
Occidental
OMV
Port Harcourt Refining Company
Reliance Industries
Repsol
Suncor Energy
Surgutneftegas
TNK-BP
Tullow Oil
Tüpraş









Major services
companies




Amec Foster Wheeler
Baker Hughes
Cameron
CGG
CH2M Hill
Chicago Bridge & Iron Company
China Oilfield Services
Enbridge
Ensco
GE Oil & Gas
Halliburton
Nabors Industries
Naftiran Intertrade
National Oilwell Varco
Petrofac
Saipem
Schlumberger
Snam
Subsea 7
TransCanada
Transocean
Weatherford
Wood Group





Other



International Association of Oil & Gas Producers
International Energy Agency
International Petroleum Exchange
OPEC
Society of Petroleum Engineers
World Petroleum Council














Category
 Commons










Links to related articles











v
t
e


Energy in the United Kingdom








Companies







Coal



Anglo American
Asia Energy
BHP
ENRC
Glencore
Rio Tinto
UK Coal





Oil and gas




Integrated



BP
Royal Dutch Shell





Exploration and
production



Afren
BHP
Cairn Energy
Centrica
Dana Petroleum
Desire Petroleum
Emerald Energy
EnQuest
Essar Energy
Hardy Oil and Gas
JKX Oil & Gas
Melrose Resources
Ophir Energy
Perenco
Premier Oil
Regal Petroleum
Rockhopper Exploration
SOCO International
Star Energy
Tullow Oil





Supply



Greenergy
Murco Petroleum





Support



Abbot Group
AMEC
Ensco
Expro
Hunting
Petrofac
Qserv
Score Group
Weir Group
WesternGeco1
Wood Group








Utilities




Generation and
supply




Integrated



Centrica
EDF Energy1
E.ON UK1
RWE npower1
Scottish Power1
SSE





Generation



Drax Group
Falck Renewables
Horizon Nuclear Power1
International Power
Vattenfall United Kingdom1
Vedanta Resources





Supply



The Co-operative Energy
Ecotricity
ESB International
Extra Energy
Firmus Energy
First Utility
Good Energy
Green Energy
LoCO2 Energy
Opus Energy
Ovo Energy
Phoenix Natural Gas
Telecom Plus








Distribution




Electricity



Electricity North West1
Northern Powergrid1
SP Energy Networks1
SSE Power Distribution
UK Power Networks1
Western Power Distribution1





Gas



Firmus Energy
National Grid
Northern Gas Networks
Phoenix Natural Gas
SGN
Wales & West Utilities1








Transmission




Electricity



National Grid2
Scottish Hydro Electric Transmission
SP Energy Networks1





Gas



National Grid











Other



Aggreko
APX Group
Aquamarine Power
Ecogen
EnServe
Geothermal Engineering
Hi-Gen Power
Mark Group
Wavegen






Companies with headquarters and/or registered office in the UK but no applicable energy operations within the country shown in italics 1Ultimate parent company is not UK-based 2Integrated in the United States, no generation or supply activities in the UK














Energy sources







Coal



Coal Authority
Coal-fired power stations
Coal mines
Coal mining regions
Confederation of UK Coal Producers
Greenhouse gas emissions
History (Miners' strike
National Coal Board)
Open-pit coal mining





Electricity



Association of Electricity Producers
BritNed
East–West Interconnector
Energy switching services
Economy 7
Economy 10
Electricity billing
Green electricity
Grid Trade Master Agreement
HVDC Cross-Channel
HVDC Moyle
HVDC Norway–UK
Isle of Man to England Interconnector
National Grid

Control
Reserve Service


New Electricity Trading Arrangements
Power stations
Timeline of the electricity supply industry





Nuclear



Advanced gas-cooled reactor
Franco–British Nuclear Forum
Magnox
National Nuclear Laboratory
Nuclear Decommissioning Authority
Nuclear Liabilities Fund
Nuclear power stations
Office for Nuclear Regulation
Sellafield
United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority





Oil and gas



BBL Pipeline
Dash for Gas
Forties pipeline system
Fuel protests
Gas infrastructure
Greenhouse gas emissions
Hydrocarbon oil duty
Oil and Gas Authority
National Transmission System
Natural gas fields
Natural gas-fired power stations
North Sea oil
Oil & Gas UK
Oil fields
Oil-fired power stations
Oil infrastructure
Oil refineries
Petroleum revenue tax





Renewables




Biofuels



Biodiesel
Biofuel power stations
National Non-Food Crops Centre
Renewable Fuels Agency
Renewable Transport Fuel Obligation





Geothermal



Geothermal power stations





Hydroelectricity



Hydroelectric power stations
Severn Barrage
Wave farms





Solar power

 



Wind power



List of offshore wind farms
List of onshore wind farms
North Sea Offshore Grid
Wind power in Scotland



















Government and regulation







Organisations



Carbon Trust
Cenex
Committee on Climate Change
Department of Energy and Climate Change
Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs
Energy Saving Trust
Environment Agency
Office of Gas and Electricity Markets





Legislation and
initiatives



Carbon Emission Reduction Target
Climate Change Act 2008
Climate Change Agreement
Climate Change Levy
Climate Change and Sustainable Energy Act 2006
CRC Energy Efficiency Scheme
Display Energy Certificate
Energy Act 2013
Energy Performance Certificate
Fossil Fuel Levy
Low Carbon Building Programme
National Industrial Symbiosis Programme
Non-Fossil Fuel Obligation
Planning Act 2008
Renewable Heat Incentive
Renewables Obligation
United Kingdom Climate Change Programme
















Non-governmental organisations







Charities and
pressure groups



Ashden Award
BioRegional
Campaign against Climate Change
Centre for Alternative Technology
National Energy Action
Stop Climate Chaos
Tyndall Centre





Industry bodies



Combined Heat and Power Association
Energy Institute
Energy Networks Association
Energy Retail Association
Green Power Forum
RenewableUK
Utilities Intermediaries Association





Research



Centre for Renewable Energy Systems Technology
Energy Technologies Institute
Hadley Centre for Climate Prediction and Research
NaREC
Oil Depletion Analysis Centre
Sunbury Research Centre
UK Energy Research Centre
















Energy conservation






Association for the Conservation of Energy
British Energy Efficiency Federation
Close the Door campaign
Code for Sustainable Homes
Double Glazing & Conservatory Ombudsman Scheme
EcoHomes
Energy efficiency in British housing
Energy Saving Trust (Energy Saving Trust Recommended)
Greenhouse gas emissions
HTB
National Home Energy Rating











 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


 AEX companies of the Netherlands






Aalberts
ABN AMRO
Aegon
Ahold Delhaize
Akzo Nobel
Altice
ArcelorMittal
ASML
Boskalis
DSM
Galapagos
Gemalto
Heineken
ING
KPN
NN Group
Philips
Randstad
RELX
Royal Dutch Shell
SBM Offshore
Unibail-Rodamco
Unilever
Vopak
Wolters Kluwer












v
t
e


 FTSE 100 companies of the United Kingdom   → FTSE 250







3i
Admiral Group
Anglo American
Antofagasta
Ashtead Group
Associated British Foods
AstraZeneca
Aviva
BAE Systems
BHP
BP
Babcock International
Barclays
Barratt Developments
British American Tobacco
British Land
BT Group
Bunzl
Burberry
Carnival
Centrica
Coca-Cola HBC
Compass Group
ConvaTec
CRH
Croda International
DCC
Diageo
Direct Line Group
easyJet
Experian
Fresnillo
G4S
GKN
GlaxoSmithKline
Glencore
Hammerson
Hargreaves Lansdown
HSBC
Imperial Brands
Informa
InterContinental Hotels Group
International Airlines Group
Intertek
ITV
Johnson Matthey
Kingfisher
Land Securities Group
Legal & General
Lloyds Banking Group
London Stock Exchange Group
Marks & Spencer
Mediclinic International
Merlin Entertainments
Micro Focus International
Mondi
Morrisons
National Grid
Next
Old Mutual
Paddy Power Betfair
Pearson
Persimmon
Provident
Prudential
Randgold Resources
Royal Bank of Scotland
Reckitt Benckiser
RELX Group
Rentokil Initial
Rio Tinto Group
Rolls-Royce
Royal Dutch Shell
Royal Mail
RSA Insurance Group
Sage Group
J Sainsbury
Schroders
Scottish Mortgage Investment Trust
Segro
Severn Trent
Shire
Sky
Smith & Nephew
Smiths Group
Smurfit Kappa
SSE
Standard Chartered
Standard Life
St. James's Place
Taylor Wimpey
Tesco
TUI
Unilever
United Utilities
Vodafone
Whitbread
Wolseley
Worldpay
WPP
















 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Royal_Dutch_Shell&oldid=789456582"					
Categories: Royal Dutch ShellMultinational oil companiesOil companies of the NetherlandsOil and gas companies of the United KingdomAutomotive fuel brandsChemical companies of the NetherlandsChemical companies of the United KingdomCompanies based in LondonCompanies based in The HagueMultinational companies headquartered in the NetherlandsOrganisations based in the Netherlands with royal patronageMultinational companies based in the City of LondonNon-renewable resource companies established in 19071907 establishments in the Netherlands1907 establishments in the United KingdomCompanies listed on the London Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeEnergy companies established in 1907British companies established in 1907Companies formerly listed on the Amsterdam Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the Euronext AmsterdamDutch brandsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from February 2014Articles with dead external links from June 2014Use British English from May 2012Use dmy dates from May 2017IMO NumberOpenCorporates groupingsArticles with Project Gutenberg linksArticles with Internet Archive linksArticles with LibriVox links 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansAlemannischالعربيةবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGaeilge客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаLatinaLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPapiamentuPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng ViệtWinaray粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 7 July 2017, at 13:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






















Shell (@Shell) | Twitter



























Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.




About






Search query



Search Twitter









Searches you follow







Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                











































      ShellVerified account



@Shell












Tweets
Tweets, current page.
3,056
            



Following
Following
195



Followers
Followers
464K



Likes
Likes
552



Moments
Moments
2
 
 
More 







Likes
Moments






Unmute @Shell

Mute @Shell



Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  






















ShellVerified account



@Shell


The official Twitter handle of Royal Dutch Shell, one of the world’s most innovative energy companies.







 
    shell.com
  




Joined February 2009












                
                699 Photos and videos
            

            Photos and videos
          



















Tweets


Tweets
Tweets, current page.



                  Tweets & replies
                



                  Media
                





You blocked @Shell
Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @Shell
Yes, view profile






Close




            
            Shell followed
        

























Shell‏Verified account @Shell

Jul 13






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







"The #ParisAgreement must remain in place." More on the ongoing energy transition in @davidshellblog's new book.https://cards.twitter.com/cards/18ce53wddw6/4j0vl …









5 replies




24 retweets




39 likes








Reply


5







Retweet


24




Retweeted


24








Like


39





Liked


39










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Shell Retweeted
            







EnergyVisions‏ @EnergyVisionsEU

Jul 10






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







@EnergyVisionsEU and @Shell New Fuels VP Matthew Tipper talk the future of fuel — and possible bumps along the way.https://cards.twitter.com/cards/18ce53zame2/4ih83 …









4 replies




43 retweets




171 likes








Reply


4







Retweet


43




Retweeted


43








Like


171





Liked


171










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Shell‏Verified account @Shell

Jul 12






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Watch live today from 6:30 PM CET: @EnergyVisionsEU  event "Transporting EU to a cleaner future”. #energyvisions2017 http://go.shell.com/2tMnKfJ pic.twitter.com/jqJENme0Sr
















0 replies




9 retweets




16 likes








Reply










Retweet


9




Retweeted


9








Like


16





Liked


16










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Shell‏Verified account @Shell

Jul 12






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







“This is part of our strategy to reshape Shell & deliver a world class investment case” Upstream Director Andy Brownhttps://cards.twitter.com/cards/18ce53wddw6/4iszw …









3 replies




15 retweets




27 likes








Reply


3







Retweet


15




Retweeted


15








Like


27





Liked


27










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Shell‏Verified account @Shell

Jul 12






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Shell has agreed to divest Upstream interests in Ireland for up to $1.232 billion.https://cards.twitter.com/cards/18ce53wddw6/4isxo …









3 replies




26 retweets




27 likes








Reply


3







Retweet


26




Retweeted


26








Like


27





Liked


27










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Shell‏Verified account @Shell

Jul 11






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







"Technology & collaboration are key for the world to reach a lower carbon future" Shell CTO Yuri Sebregts #22WPC2017https://cards.twitter.com/cards/18ce53wddw6/4invq …









3 replies




30 retweets




46 likes








Reply


3







Retweet


30




Retweeted


30








Like


46





Liked


46










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Shell‏Verified account @Shell

Jul 11






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







"The death of the internal combustion engine has been exaggerated," Shell Downstream Director John Abbott #22WPC2017https://cards.twitter.com/cards/18ce53wddw6/4inae …









4 replies




25 retweets




37 likes








Reply


4







Retweet


25




Retweeted


25








Like


37





Liked


37










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Shell‏Verified account @Shell

Jul 11






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







"There is a global energy transition underway and #EV's are one part of it," Shell Downstream Director John Abbotthttps://cards.twitter.com/cards/18ce53wddw6/4imon …









1 reply




28 retweets




32 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


28




Retweeted


28








Like


32





Liked


32










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Shell‏Verified account @Shell

Jul 11






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Shell Downstream Director John Abbott looks at the role of refining & petrochemicals in the energy future #22WPC2017https://cards.twitter.com/cards/18ce53wddw6/4imej …









1 reply




17 retweets




37 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


17




Retweeted


17








Like


37





Liked


37










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Shell‏Verified account @Shell

Jul 10






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







"We have one planet and, for good or ill, a shared destination" Shell CEO Ben van Beurden #ParisAgreement #22WPC2017https://cards.twitter.com/cards/18ce53wddw6/4if49 …









11 replies




67 retweets




125 likes








Reply


11







Retweet


67




Retweeted


67








Like


125





Liked


125










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Shell‏Verified account @Shell

Jul 10






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







"Often, energy transition is considered from the perspective of the EU or US," Shell CEO Ben van Beurden. #22WPC2017https://cards.twitter.com/cards/18ce53wddw6/4iet8 …









4 replies




15 retweets




45 likes








Reply


4







Retweet


15




Retweeted


15








Like


45





Liked


45










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Shell‏Verified account @Shell

Jul 10






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







"The energy transition we see take shape is also a challenge for the world", Shell CEO Ben van Beurden #22WPC2017https://cards.twitter.com/cards/18ce53wddw6/4iel7 …









3 replies




41 retweets




50 likes








Reply


3







Retweet


41




Retweeted


41








Like


50





Liked


50










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Shell‏Verified account @Shell

Jul 9






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Shell CEO Ben van Beurden offers a new perspective on the future of energy at #22WPC2017 in #Istanbulpic.twitter.com/HEdpDvBvU5
















5 replies




30 retweets




62 likes








Reply


5







Retweet


30




Retweeted


30








Like


62





Liked


62










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Shell‏Verified account @Shell

Jul 7






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







What are the bridges to our energy future? From Monday, Shell will join the discussion in #Istanbul with @22WPC2017 #22WPC2017pic.twitter.com/PSjkvoGwmT
















4 replies




22 retweets




45 likes








Reply


4







Retweet


22




Retweeted


22








Like


45





Liked


45










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Shell‏Verified account @Shell

Jul 5






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Shell's Downstream Director tells @CNBC how downstream will help reshape the company into a world class investment.https://cards.twitter.com/cards/18ce53wddw6/4ht2o …









3 replies




38 retweets




42 likes








Reply


3







Retweet


38




Retweeted


38








Like


42





Liked


42










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Shell‏Verified account @Shell

Jul 3






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet






Shell Retweeted BBC South Scotland

Flying high! The Shell Technology Ventures investment @KitePowerLtd has secured £2mi in funding from the Scottish Investment Bank.https://twitter.com/bbcsouthscot/status/878181778753826816 …

Shell added,

















BBC South Scotland @BBCSouthScot

Things are really, ahem, taking off for kite technology firm @KitePowerLtd in Dumfries and Galloway http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-south-scotland-40379895 … pic.twitter.com/B5oxFMIGQR









2 replies




24 retweets




33 likes








Reply


2







Retweet


24




Retweeted


24








Like


33





Liked


33










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Shell‏Verified account @Shell

Jul 3






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Next stop #Australia!  Powerful tugboats are pulling a floating liquefied natural gas facility from South Koreahttps://cards.twitter.com/cards/18ce53wddw6/4hgu0 …









179 replies




695 retweets




3,553 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Shell‏Verified account @Shell

Jun 30






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet






Shell Retweeted Ecosummit

Shell Tech Ventures is sitting front row @ecosummit to hear how low carbon startups & business models #makethefuturehttps://twitter.com/ecosummit/status/880387684656713728 …

Shell added,

















Ecosummit @ecosummit

The final agenda of Ecosummit Amsterdam 4 July 2017 presents 53 smart green startups, 75% pitch for the first time. http://ecosummit.net/agenda  pic.twitter.com/T6yQi2wQzp









1 reply




19 retweets




26 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


19




Retweeted


19








Like


26





Liked


26










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Shell‏Verified account @Shell

Jun 29






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







The largest floating facility ever built! Once commissioning is complete, Prelude will liquefy natural gas at sea #LNG #makethefuturepic.twitter.com/k2zJbom3ZD



















14 replies




152 retweets




193 likes








Reply


14







Retweet


152




Retweeted


152








Like


193





Liked


193










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Shell‏Verified account @Shell

Jun 29






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







An engineering milestone! The Prelude floating #LNG facility is travelling 5,800 km to #Australia  http://www.shell.com/prelude  #makethefuturepic.twitter.com/vmYBcFfX1s
















7 replies




82 retweets




120 likes








Reply


7







Retweet


82




Retweeted


82








Like


120





Liked


120










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo












          @Shell hasn't Tweeted yet.
      
Back to top ↑












Loading seems to be taking a while.

      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.
    

















      New to Twitter?
    


    Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline!
  

Sign up




You may also like
    ·
    Refresh








false












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info




















Close




            
            Choose a trend location
          






















Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Searches you follow







Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user

























Royal Dutch Shell - Wikipedia






















 






Royal Dutch Shell

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Shell Company" redirects here. It is not to be confused with Shell corporation.

Royal Dutch Shell plc





Headquarters in The Hague, Netherlands




Type

Public limited company


Traded as
LSE: RDSA, RDSB
Euronext: RDSA, RDSB
NYSE: RDS.A, RDS.B
FTSE 100 Component


ISIN
GB00B03MLX29


Industry
Oil and gas


Predecessor
Royal Dutch Petroleum Co. (1890)
The Shell Transport and Trading Company Limited (1897)


Founded
February 1907; 110 years ago (1907-02)


Headquarters
The Hague, Netherlands
(Headquarters)
Shell Centre, London, England
(Registered office)



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Charles O. Holliday (Chairman)
Ben van Beurden (CEO)


Products
Petroleum, natural gas, and other petrochemicals


Revenue
 US$233.6 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$2.36 billion (2016)[1]


Profit
 US$4.57 billion (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$411.2 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$186.6 billion (2016)[1]



Number of employees

93,000 (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
Shell Australia
Shell South Africa
Shell Canada
Shell Chemicals
Shell Gas & Power
Shell Hong Kong
Shell Nigeria
Shell Oil Company
Shell Pakistan


Website
www.shell.com


Royal Dutch Shell plc (LSE: RDSA, RDSB), commonly known as Shell, is a British–Dutch multinational oil and gas company headquartered in the Netherlands and incorporated in the United Kingdom.[2] It is one of the six oil and gas "supermajors" and the sixth-largest company in the world measured by 2016 revenues (and the largest based in Europe).[1] Shell was first in the 2013 Fortune Global 500 list of the world's largest companies;[3] in that year its revenues were equivalent to 84% of the Netherlands' $556 billion GDP.[4]
Shell is vertically integrated and is active in every area of the oil and gas industry, including exploration and production, refining, distribution and marketing, petrochemicals, power generation and trading. It also has renewable energy activities in the form of biofuels[5] and wind.[6] Shell has operations in over 70 countries, produces around 3.7 million barrels of oil equivalent per day and has 44,000 service stations worldwide.[7][8] As of 31 December 2014, Shell had total proved reserves of 13.7 billion barrels (2.18×109 m3) of oil equivalent.[8][note 1] Shell Oil Company, its principal subsidiary in the United States, is one of its largest businesses.[9] Shell holds 50% of Raízen, a joint venture with Cosan, which is the third-largest Brazil-based energy company by revenues and a major producer of ethanol.[10]
Shell was formed in 1907 through the amalgamation of the Royal Dutch Petroleum Company of the Netherlands and the "Shell" Transport and Trading Company of the United Kingdom. Until its unification in 2005 the firm operated as a dual-listed company, whereby the British and Dutch companies maintained their legal existence but operated as a single-unit partnership for business purposes. Shell first entered the chemicals industry in 1929. In 1970 Shell acquired the mining company Billiton, which it subsequently sold in 1994 and now forms part of BHP Billiton. In recent decades gas exploration and production has become an increasingly important part of Shell's business.[11] Shell acquired BG Group in 2016, making it the world's largest producer of liquefied natural gas (LNG).[11]
Shell has a primary listing on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index. It had a market capitalisation of £185 billion at the close of trading on 30 December 2016, by far the largest of any company listed on the London Stock Exchange and among the highest of any company in the world.[12][13] It has secondary listings on Euronext Amsterdam and the New York Stock Exchange. As of January 2013, Shell's largest shareholder was Capital Research Global Investors with 9.85% ahead of BlackRock in second with 6.89%.[14] Shell's logo, known as the "pecten", is one of the most familiar commercial symbols in the world.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins
1.2 20th century
1.3 21st century
1.4 Environmental record
1.5 Climate change


2 Corporate affairs

2.1 Management
2.2 Name and logo

2.2.1 Logo evolution




3 Operations

3.1 Business groupings
3.2 Oil and gas activities
3.3 Sponsorships


4 Africa
5 Asia

5.1 Hong Kong
5.2 Malaysia
5.3 Philippines
5.4 Singapore


6 Europe

6.1 Ireland
6.2 Nordic countries
6.3 United Kingdom


7 North America
8 Australia
9 Alternative energy
10 Current projects

10.1 Arctic


11 Controversies

11.1 2004 overstatement of oil reserves
11.2 Corporate communications
11.3 Health and safety
11.4 Human rights
11.5 Arctic project

11.5.1 Kodiak
11.5.2 Polar Pioneer
11.5.3 Oil spills




12 See also
13 Notes
14 References
15 Bibliography
16 External links



History[edit]
Origins[edit]




Royal Dutch Petroleum dock in the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia)






The oil well at Pangkalan Brandan, North Sumatra is considered to be the origin of the Royal Dutch Shell.


The Royal Dutch Shell Group was created in February 1907 through the amalgamation of two rival companies: the Royal Dutch Petroleum Company of the Netherlands and the Shell Transport and Trading Company Limited of the United Kingdom.[15] It was a move largely driven by the need to compete globally with Standard Oil.[16] The Royal Dutch Petroleum Company was a Dutch company founded in 1890 to develop an oilfield in Pangkalan Brandan, North Sumatra,[17] and initially led by August Kessler, Hugo Loudon, and Henri Deterding. The "Shell" Transport and Trading Company (the quotation marks were part of the legal name) was a British company, founded in 1897 by Marcus Samuel, 1st Viscount Bearsted, and his brother Samuel Samuel.[18] Their father had owned an antique company in Houndsditch, London,[19] which expanded in 1833 to import and sell sea-shells, after which the company "Shell" took its name.[15][20]
For various reasons, the new firm operated as a dual-listed company, whereby the merging companies maintained their legal existence, but operated as a single-unit partnership for business purposes. The terms of the merger gave 60 percent ownership of the new group to the Dutch arm and 40 percent to the British.[21]
National patriotic sensibilities would not permit a full-scale merger or takeover of either of the two companies.[21] The Dutch company, Koninklijke Nederlandsche Petroleum Maatschappij at The Hague, was in charge of production and manufacture.[22] The British Anglo-Saxon Petroleum Company was based in London, to direct the transport and storage of the products.[22]
20th century[edit]




Shell benzine for Sir Ernest Henry Shackleton, Antarctic Expedition 1915.


During the First World War, Shell was the main supplier of fuel to the British Expeditionary Force.[23] It was also the sole supplier of aviation fuel and supplied 80 percent of the British Army's TNT.[23] It also volunteered all of its shipping to the British Admiralty.[23]
The German invasion of Romania in 1916 saw 17% of the group's worldwide production destroyed.[23]
In 1919, Shell took control of the Mexican Eagle Petroleum Company and in 1921 formed Shell-Mex Limited which marketed products under the "Shell" and "Eagle" brands in the United Kingdom. In 1929, Shell Chemicals was founded.[23] By the end of the 1920s, Shell was the world's leading oil company, producing 11 percent of the world's crude oil supply and owning 10 percent of its tanker tonnage.[23]
Shell Mex House was completed in 1931, and was the head office for Shell's marketing activity worldwide.[23] In 1932, partly in response to the difficult economic conditions of the times, Shell-Mex merged its UK marketing operations with those of British Petroleum to create Shell-Mex and BP,[24] a company that traded until the brands separated in 1975. Royal Dutch Company ranked 79th among United States corporations in the value of World War II military production contracts.[25]
The 1930s saw Shell's Mexican assets seized by the local government.[23] After the invasion of the Netherlands by Germany in 1940, the head office of the Dutch companies was moved to Curacao.[23] In 1945 Shell's Danish headquarters in Copenhagen, at the time being used by the Gestapo, was bombed by Royal Air Force Mosquitoes in Operation Carthage.[26]
Around 1952, Shell was the first company to purchase and use a computer in the Netherlands.[27] The computer, a Ferranti Mark 1*, was assembled and used at the Shell laboratory in Amsterdam. In 1970 Shell acquired the mining company Billiton, which it subsequently sold in 1994 and now forms part of BHP Billiton.[28]
21st century[edit]
In November 2004, following a period of turmoil caused by the revelation that Shell had been overstating its oil reserves, it was announced that the Shell Group would move to a single capital structure, creating a new parent company to be named Royal Dutch Shell plc, with its primary listing on the London Stock Exchange, a secondary listing on the Amsterdam Stock Exchange, its headquarters and tax residency in The Hague, Netherlands and its registered office in London. The unification was completed on 20 July 2005 and the original owners delisted their companies from the respective exchanges. On 20 July 2005, the Shell Transport & Trading Company plc was delisted from the LSE,[29] where as, Royal Dutch Petroleum Company from NYSE on 18 November 2005.[30] The shares of the company were issued at a 60/40 advantage for the shareholders of Royal Dutch in line with the original ownership of the Shell Group.[31]
During the 2009 Iraqi oil services contracts tender, a consortium led by Shell (45%) and which included Petronas (30%) was awarded a production contract for the "Majnoon field" in the south of Iraq, which contains an estimated 12.6 billion barrels (2.00×109 m3) of oil.[32][33] The "West Qurna 1 field" production contract was awarded to a consortium led by ExxonMobil (60%) and included Shell (15%).[34]
In February 2010 Shell and Cosan formed a 50:50 joint-venture, Raízen, comprising all of Cosan's Brazilian ethanol, energy generation, fuel distribution and sugar activities, and all of Shell's Brazilian retail fuel and aviation distribution businesses.[35] In March 2010, Shell announced the sale of some of its assets, including its liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) business, to meet the cost of a planned $28bn capital spending programme. Shell invited buyers to submit indicative bids, due by 22 March, with a plan to raise $2–3bn from the sale.[36] In June 2010, Royal Dutch Shell agreed to acquire all the business of East Resources for a cash consideration of $4.7 billion. The transaction included East Resources' tight gas fields.[37]
Over the course of 2013, the corporation began the sale of its US shale gas assets and cancelled a US$20 billion gas project that was to be constructed in the US state of Louisiana. A new CEO Ben van Beurden was appointed in January 2014, prior to the announcement that the corporation's overall performance in 2013 was 38 per cent lower than 2012—the value of Shell's shares fell by 3 per cent as a result.[38] Following the sale of the majority of its Australian assets in February 2014, the corporation plans to sell a further US$15 billion worth of assets in the period leading up to 2015, with deals announced in Australia, Brazil and Italy.[39]
Royal Dutch Shell announced on 8 April 2015 it had agreed to buy BG Group for £47 billion (US$70 billion), subject to shareholder and regulatory approval.[40] The acquisition was completed in February 2016, resulting in Shell surpassing Chevron Corporation and becoming the world's second largest non-state oil company.[41]
On 7 June 2016, Royal Dutch Shell announced that it would build an ethane cracker plant near Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania after spending several years doing environmental cleanup of the proposed plant's site.[42]
In January 2017, Royal Dutch Shell agreed to sell £2.46bn worth of North Sea assets to oil exploration firm Chrysaor.[43] In 2017, Shell sold its oil sands assets to Canadian Natural Resources in exchange of approximately 8.8% stake in that company. In May 2017, it was reported that Shell plans to sell its shares in Canadian Natural Resources fully exiting the oil sands business.[44]
Environmental record[edit]
The presence of companies like Shell in the Niger-Delta has led to extreme environmental issues in the Niger Delta. Many pipelines in the Niger-Delta owned by Shell are old and corroded. Shell has acknowledged its responsibility for keeping the pipelines new but has also denied responsibility for environmental causes.[45] This has led to mass protests from the Niger-Delta inhabitants, Amnesty International, and Friends of the Earth Netherlands against Shell. It has also led to action plans to boycott Shell by environmental groups, and human rights groups.[46] In January 2013, a Dutch court rejected four out of five allegations brought against the firm over oil pollution in the Niger Delta but found a subsidiary guilty of one case of pollution, ordering compensation to be paid to a Nigerian farmer.[47]
On 15 January 1999, off the Argentinian town of Magdalena, Buenos Aires, the Shell tanker Estrella Pampeana collided with a German freighter, emptying its contents into the lake, polluting the environment, drinkable water, plants and animals. Over a decade after the spill, a referendum held in Magdalena determined the acceptance of a US$9.5 million compensatory payout from Shell.[48] Shell denied responsibility for the spill, but an Argentine court ruled in 2002 that the corporation was responsible.[49]
Shell joined the Global Climate Coalition of businesses opposed to greenhouse gas emission regulation. In 1989, Shell redesigned a $3-billion North Sea natural gas platform in the North Sea, raising its height one to two meters, to accommodate an anticipated sea level rise due to global warming.[50] In 2013, Royal Dutch Shell PLC reported CO2 emissions of 81 million metric tonnes.[51]
Shell is known to be processing oil from the Amazon region of South America, a large concern for environmentalists trying to protect the area. In the United States, the Martinez refinery (CA) and the Puget Sound Refinery (WA) carry Amazonian oil. In 2015, 14% of the Martinez refinery's gross, at 19,570 barrels per day, came from the Amazon. [52]
Climate change[edit]
In 2017, a public information film unseen for years resurfaced and showed Shell had clear grasp of global warming 26 years earlier but has not acted accordingly since, said critics. [53][54][55]
Corporate affairs[edit]
Management[edit]
On 4 August 2005, the board of directors announced the appointment of Jorma Ollila, chairman and CEO of Nokia at the time, to succeed Aad Jacobs as the company's non-executive chairman on 1 June 2006. Ollila is the first Shell chairman to be neither Dutch nor British. Other non-executive directors include Maarten van den Bergh, Wim Kok, Nina Henderson, Lord Kerr, Adelbert van Roxe, and Christine Morin-Postel.[56]
Since 3 January 2014, Ben van Beurden is CEO of Shell.[38] His Predecessor was Peter Voser who became CEO of Shell on 1 July 2009.[57]
Following a career at the corporation, in locations such as Australia and Africa, Ann Pickard was appointed as the executive vice president of the Arctic at Royal Dutch Shell, a role that was publicized in an interview with McKinsey & Company in June 2014.[58]
Name and logo[edit]
The name Shell is linked to The "Shell" Transport and Trading Company.[59] In 1833, the founder's father, Marcus Samuel Sr., founded an import business to sell seashells to London collectors. When collecting seashell specimens in the Caspian Sea area in 1892, the younger Samuel realised there was potential in exporting lamp oil from the region and commissioned the world's first purpose-built oil tanker, the Murex (Latin for a type of snail shell), to enter this market; by 1907 the company had a fleet. Although for several decades the company had a refinery at Shell Haven on the Thames, there is no evidence of this having provided the name.[60]
The Shell logo is one of the most familiar commercial symbols in the world. This logo is known as the "pecten" after the sea shell Pecten maximus (the giant scallop), on which its design is based. The yellow and red colours used are thought[61] to relate to the colours of the flag of Spain, as Shell built early service stations in California, previously a Spanish colony. The current revision of the logo was designed by Raymond Loewy in 1971.[62]
The slash was removed from the name "Royal Dutch/Shell" in 2005, concurrent with moves to merge the two legally separate companies (Royal Dutch and Shell) to the single legal entity which exists today.[63]
Logo evolution[edit]







1900









1904









1909









1930




Operations[edit]
Business groupings[edit]




Upstream activities currently generate around two-thirds of Shell's revenues


Shell is currently organised into four major business groupings:[64]

Upstream – manages the upstream business. It searches for and recovers crude oil and natural gas and operates the upstream and midstream infrastructure necessary to deliver oil and gas to the market. Its activities are organised primarily within geographic units, although there are some activities that are managed across the business or provided through support units.
Integrated Gas and New Energies – manages liquefying natural gas, converting gas to liquids and low-carbon opportunities.
Downstream – manages Shell's manufacturing, distribution and marketing activities for oil products and chemicals. Manufacturing and supply includes refinery, supply and shipping of crude oil.
Projects and technology – manages the delivery of Shell's major projects, provides technical services and technology capability covering both upstream and downstream activities. It is also responsible for providing functional leadership across Shell in the areas of health, safety and environment, and contracting and procurement.

Oil and gas activities[edit]




Former Shell oil depot in Kowloon, Hong Kong around the mid-1980s


Shell's primary business is the management of a vertically integrated oil company. The development of technical and commercial expertise in all stages of this vertical integration, from the initial search for oil (exploration) through its harvesting (production), transportation, refining and finally trading and marketing established the core competencies on which the company was founded. Similar competencies were required for natural gas, which has become one of the most important businesses in which Shell is involved, and which contributes a significant proportion of the company's profits. While the vertically integrated business model provided significant economies of scale and barriers to entry, each business now seeks to be a self-supporting unit without subsidies from other parts of the company.[65]
Traditionally, Shell was a heavily decentralised business worldwide (especially in the downstream) with companies in over 100 countries, each of which operated with a high degree of independence. The upstream tended to be far more centralised with much of the technical and financial direction coming from the central offices in The Hague. The upstream oil sector is also commonly known as the "exploration and production" sector.[66]
Downstream operations, which now also includes the chemicals business, generates a third of Shell's profits worldwide and is known for its global network of more than 40,000 petrol stations and its various oil refineries. The downstream business, which in some countries also included oil refining, generally included a retail petrol station network, lubricants manufacture and marketing, industrial fuel and lubricants sales and a host of other product/market sectors such as LPG and bitumen. The practice in Shell was that these businesses were essentially local and that they were best managed by local "operating companies" – often with middle and senior management reinforced by expatriates.[67]
Sponsorships[edit]
Shell has a long history of motorsport sponsorship, most notably Scuderia Ferrari (1951-1964, 1966-1973 and 1996-present), BRM (1962-1966 and 1968-1972), Scuderia Toro Rosso (2007-2013 and 2016), McLaren (1967-1968 and 1984-1994), Lotus (1968-1971), Team Penske (2011–present), Hyundai Motorsport (since 2005), AF Corse, Risi Competizione, BMW Motorsport and Dick Johnson Racing (1987-2004). It will again become title sponsor for the latter (now rebranded as DJR Team Penske) in 2017.[68]
Africa[edit]
Shell began drilling for oil in Africa during the 1950s. Shell began production in Nigeria in 1958.[69] Shell operates in the upstream oil sector in Algeria, Cameroon, Egypt, Gabon where is the giant Rabi-Kounga oil field, Ghana, Libya, Morocco, Nigeria, South Africa and Tunisia; and in the downstream sector in 16 other countries.[70]
In Nigeria, Shell told US diplomats that it had placed staff in all the main ministries of the government.[71]
In April 2010, Shell announced its intention to divest from downstream business of all African countries except South Africa and Egypt to Vitol and "Helios".[72] In several countries such as Tunisia, protests and strikes broke out. Shell denied rumours of the sellout.[73] Shell continues however upstream activities/extracting crude oil in the oil-rich Niger Delta as well as downstream/commercial activities in South Africa. In June 2013, the company announced a strategic review of its operations in Nigeria, hinting that assets could be divested. In August 2014, the company disclosed it was in the process of finalizing the sale of its interests in four Nigerian oil fields.[74]
Asia[edit]




A Shell gasoline station in Sabah, Malaysia


Hong Kong[edit]
Shell has been active in Hong Kong for a century, providing Retail, LPG, Commercial Fuel, Lubricants, Bitumen, Aviation, Marine and Chemicals services and products. Shell also sponsored the first Hong Kong-built aircraft, Inspiration', for its around-the-world trip.[75]
Malaysia[edit]
Shell discovered the first oil well in Malaysia in 1910, in Miri, Sarawak. Today the oil well is a state monument known as the Grand Old Lady. In 1914, following this discovery, Shell built Malaysia's first oil refinery and laid a submarine pipeline in Miri.[76][77]
Philippines[edit]




Shell oil depot (Poro Point, San Fernando, La Union, Philippines).


Royal Dutch Shell operates in the Philippines under its subsidiary, Pilipinas Shell Petroleum Corporation. Its headquarters is in Makati City and it has facilities in the Pandacan oil depot and other key locations.[78]
On January 2010, the Bureau of Customs claimed 7.34 billion pesos worth of unpaid excise taxes against Pilipinas Shell for importing Catalytic cracked gasoline (CCG) and light catalytic cracked gasoline (LCCG) stating that those imports are bound for tariff charges.[79]
In August 2016, Pilipinas Shell filed an application to sell US$629 million worth of primary and secondary shares to the investing public (registration statement) with the SEC. This was a prelude to filing its IPO listing application with the Philippine Stock Exchange. On 3 November 2016 the Pilipinas Shell Petroleum Corporation was officially listed on the Philippine Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol SHLPH after they held its Initial Public Offering on 19 to 25 October of the same year.[80]
Singapore[edit]
Shell has a strong presence in Singapore, indeed Singapore is the main centre for Shell's petrochemical operations in Asia Pacific region. Shell Eastern Petroleum limited (SEPL) have their refinery located in Singapore's Pulau Bukom island. They also operate as Shell Chemicals Seraya in Jurong Island.[81]
Europe[edit]
Ireland[edit]
Shell first started trading in Ireland in 1902.[82] Shell E&P Ireland (SEPIL) (previously Enterprise Energy Ireland) is an Irish exploration and production subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell. Its headquarters are on Leeson Street in Dublin. It was acquired in May 2002.[83] Its main project is the Corrib gas project, a large gas field off the northwest coast, for which Shell has encountered controversy and protests in relation to the onshore pipeline and licence terms.[84]
In 2005 Shell disposed of its entire retail and commercial fuels business in Ireland to Topaz Energy Group. This included depots, company-owned petrol stations and supply agreements stations throughout the island of Ireland.[85] The retail outlets were re-branded as Topaz in 2008/9.[86]
Nordic countries[edit]
On 27 August 2007, Royal Dutch Shell and Reitan Group, the owner of the 7-Eleven brand in Scandinavia, announced an agreement to re-brand some 269 service stations across Norway, Sweden, Finland and Denmark, subject to obtaining regulatory approvals under the different competition laws in each country.[87] On April 2010 Shell announced that the corporation is in process of trying to find a potential buyer for all of its operations in Finland and is doing similar market research concerning Swedish operations.[88][89] On October 2010 Shell's gas stations and the heavy vehicle fuel supply networks in Finland and Sweden, along with a refinery located in Gothenburg, Sweden were sold to St1, a Finnish energy company, more precisely to its major shareholding parent company Keele Oy.[90]
United Kingdom[edit]
In the UK sector of the North Sea Shell employs around 4,500 staff in Scotland as well as an additional 1,000 service contractors: however in August 2014 it announced it was laying off 250 of them, mainly in Aberdeen.[91]
North America[edit]
Main articles: Shell Oil Company and Shell Canada




Service station near Lost Hills, California






Shell gas station sign in Phoenix, Arizona






Shell gas station in Canada


Through most of Shell's early history, the Shell Oil Company business in the United States was substantially independent with its stock being traded on the NYSE and with little direct involvement from the group's central offices in the running of the American business. However, in 1984, Royal Dutch Shell made a bid to purchase those shares of Shell Oil Company it did not own (around 30%) and despite opposition from some minority shareholders, which led to a court case, Shell completed the buyout for a sum of $5.7 billion.[92]
Australia[edit]
On 20 May 2011, Royal Dutch Shell's final investment decision for the world's first floating liquefied natural gas (FLNG) facility was finalized following the discovery of the remote offshore Prelude field—located off Australia's northwestern coast and estimated to contain about 3 trillion cubic feet of natural gas equivalent reserves—in 2007. FLNG technology is based on liquefied natural gas (LNG) developments that were pioneered in the mid-20th century and facilitates the exploitation of untapped natural gas reserves located in remote areas, often too small to extract any other way.[93][94]
The floating vessel to be used for the Prelude field, known as Prelude FLNG, is promoted as the longest floating structure in the world and will take in the equivalent of 110,000 barrels of oil per day in natural gas—at a location 200 km (125 miles) off the coast of Western Australia—and cool it into liquefied natural gas for transport and sale in Asia. The Prelude is expected to start producing LNG in 2017[95]—analysts estimated the total cost of construction at more than US$12 billion.[93][94][96]
Following the decision by the Royal Dutch Shell fuel corporation to close its Geelong, Australia refinery in April 2013, a third consecutive annual loss was recorded for Shell's Australian refining and fuel marketing assets. Revealed in June 2013, the writedown is worth A$203 million, and was preceded by a A$638m writedown in 2012 and a A$407m writedown in 2011, after the closure of the Clyde refinery in Sydney, Australia.[97]
In February 2014, Shell sold its Australian refinery and petrol stations for US$2.6 billion (A$2.9 billion) to Vitol, a Geneva-based company.[98] Vitol stated that the Geelong refinery will remain open, as the company plans to expand further into the Australian market. At the time of the sale, Royal Dutch Shell was expected to continue investment into the Australian market, with projects that involve Chevron Corp., Woodside Petroleum and Prelude.[39]
Shell sold 9.5% of its 23.1% stake in Woodside Petroleum in June 2014 and advised that it had reached an agreement for Woodside to buy back 9.5% of its shares at a later stage. Shell became a major shareholder in Woodside after a 2001 takeover attempt was blocked by then federal Treasurer Peter Costello and the corporation has been open about its intention to sell its stake in Woodside as part of its target to shed assets. At a general body meeting, held on 1 August 2014, 72 percent of shareholders voted to approve the buy-back, short of the 75 percent vote that was required for approval. A statement from Shell read: "Royal Dutch Shell acknowledges the outcome of Woodside Petroleum Limited's shareholders' negative vote on the selective buy-back proposal. Shell is reviewing its options in relation to its remaining 13.6 percent holding."[99]
Alternative energy[edit]
In the early 2000s Shell moved into alternative energy and there is now an embryonic "Renewables" business that has made investments in solar power, wind power, hydrogen, and forestry. The forestry business went the way of nuclear, coal, metals and electricity generation, and was disposed of in 2003. In 2006 Shell paid SolarWorld to take over its entire solar business[100] and in 2008, the company withdrew from the London Array which has become the world's largest offshore wind farm.[101]
Shell also is involved in large-scale hydrogen projects. HydrogenForecast.com describes Shell's approach thus far as consisting of "baby steps", but with an underlying message of "extreme optimism".[102]
Shell holds 50% of Raízen, a joint venture with Brazilian sugarcane producer Cosan which is the third-largest Brazil-based energy company by revenues and a major producer of ethanol.[10]
In December 2016, Shell won the auction for the 700 MW Borssele III & IV offshore wind farms at a price of 5.45 c/kWh, beating 6 other consortia.[103]
Current projects[edit]
Arctic[edit]
Following the purchase of an offshore lease in 2005, Shell initiated its US$4.5 billion Arctic drilling program in 2006, after the corporation purchased the "Kulluk" oil rig and leased the Noble Discoverer drillship.[104][105] At inception, the project was led by Pete Slaiby, a Shell executive who had previously worked in the North Sea.[106] However, after the purchase of a second offshore lease in 2008, Shell only commenced drilling work in 2012, due to the refurbishment of rigs, permit delays from the relevant authorities and lawsuits.[107][108][109] The plans to drill in the Arctic led to protests from environmental groups, particularly Greenpeace; furthermore, analysts in the energy field, as well as related industries, also expressed skepticism due to perceptions that drilling in the region is "too dangerous because of harsh conditions and remote locations".[109][110]
Further problems hampered the Arctic project after the commencement of drilling in 2012, as Shell dealt with a series of issues that involved air permits, Coast Guard certification of a marine vessel and severe damage to essential oil-spill equipment. Additionally, difficult weather conditions resulted in the delay of drilling during mid-2012 and the already dire situation was exacerbated by the "Kulluk" incident at the end of the year. Royal Dutch Shell had invested nearly US$5 billion by this stage of the project.[106][109]
As the Kulluk oil rig was being towed to the American state of Washington to be serviced in preparation for the 2013 drilling season, a winter storm on 27 December 2012 caused the towing crews, as well as the rescue service, to lose control of the situation. As of 1 January 2013, the Kulluk was grounded off the coast Sitkalidak Island, near the eastern end of Kodiak Island. Following the accident, a Fortune magazine contacted Larry McKinney, the executive director at the Harte Research Institute for Gulf of Mexico Studies at Texas A&M, and he explained that "A two-month delay in the Arctic is not a two-month delay ... A two-month delay could wipe out the entire drilling season."[106]
It was unclear if Shell would recommence drilling in mid-2013, following the "Kulluk" incident and, in February 2013, the corporation stated that it would "pause" its closely watched drilling project off the Alaskan coast in 2013, and will instead prepare for future exploration.[111] In January 2014, the corporation announced the extension of the suspension of its drilling program in the Arctic, with chief executive van Beurden explaining that the project is "under review" due to both market and internal issues.[112]
A June 2014 interview with Pickard indicated that, following a forensic analysis of the problems encountered in 2012, Royal Dutch Shell will continue with the project and Pickard stated that she perceives the future of the corporation activity in the Arctic region as a long-term "marathon".[58] Pickard stated that the forensic "look back" revealed "there was an on/off switch" and further explained:

In other words, don't spend the money unless you're sure you're going to have the legal environment to go forward. Don't spend the money unless you're sure you're going to have the permit. No, I can't tell you that I'm going to have that permit until June, but we need to plan like we're going to have that permit in June. And so probably the biggest lesson is to make sure we could smooth out the on/off switches wherever we could and take control of our own destiny.[58]

Based upon the interview with Pickard, Shell is approaching the project as an investment that will reap energy resources with a lifespan of around 30 years.[58]
Controversies[edit]




Former Shell Research and Technology Centre, Amsterdam


Shell has been criticised for its businesses in Africa, notably in relation to protests of the Ogoni in 1995.[113]
In the 1990s, protesters criticised the company's environmental record, particularly the possible pollution caused by the proposed disposal of the Brent Spar platform into the North Sea. Despite support from the UK government, Shell reversed the decision under public pressure but maintained that sinking the platform would have been environmentally better.[114] Shell subsequently published an unequivocal commitment to sustainable development, supported by executive speeches reinforcing this commitment.[115]
2004 overstatement of oil reserves[edit]
In 2004 Shell overstated its oil reserves, resulting in loss of confidence in the group, a £17 million fine by the Financial Services Authority and the departure of the chairman Philip Watts. A lawsuit resulted in the payment of $450 million to non-American shareholders in 2007.[116][117][118]
Corporate communications[edit]




Shell Centre building in London, UK


Shell's advertising regarding its renewable energy business has been described as a greenwash by some environmental lobbies,[119] leading to criticism from the British Advertising Standards Authority which ruled that Shell had misled the public in an advertisement when it claimed that a $10 billion oil sands project in Alberta, Canada was a "sustainable energy source".[120]
Health and safety[edit]
A number of incidents over the years led to criticism of Shell's health and safety record, including repeated warnings by the UK Health and Safety Executive about the poor state of the company's North Sea platforms.[121]
Human rights[edit]
In the beginning of 1996, several human rights groups brought cases to hold Shell accountable for alleged human rights violations in Nigeria, including summary execution, crimes against humanity, torture, inhumane treatment and arbitrary arrest and detention. In particular, Shell stood accused of collaborating in the execution of Ken Saro-Wiwa and eight other leaders of the Ogoni tribe of southern Nigeria, who were hanged in 1995 by Nigeria's then military rulers.[122] The lawsuits were brought against Royal Dutch Shell and Brian Anderson, the head of its Nigerian operation.[123] In 2009, Shell agreed to pay $15.5m in a legal settlement.[122] Shell has not accepted any liability over the allegations against it.[124]
In 2009, Shell was the subject of an Amnesty International report into the deterioration of human rights as a consequence of Shell's activities in the Niger Delta. In particular, Amnesty criticised the continuation of gas flaring and Shell's slow response to oil spills.[125] In 1998, on its first public report on community and environmental issues in Nigeria, Shell promised "to end the practice of gas flaring in ten years, while pledging to establish a youth training scheme in Ogoniland".[126]
In 2010, a leaked cable revealed that Shell claims to have inserted staff into all the main ministries of the Nigerian government and know "everything that was being done in those ministries", according to Shell's top executive in Nigeria. The same executive also boasted that the Nigerian government had forgotten about the extent of Shell's infiltration.[71] Documents released in 2009 (but not used in the court case) reveal that Shell regularly made payments to the Nigerian military in order to prevent protests.[127]
Arctic project[edit]
According to the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management report in 2015 the chances of a major spill in a deep-sea Arctic drilling is 75% before century's end.[128]
Kodiak[edit]
In 2010 Greenpeace activists painted "No Arctic Drilling" with spilled BP oil on the side of a ship in the Gulf of Mexico that was en route to explore for Arctic oil for Shell. At the protest, Phil Radford of Greenpeace called for "President Obama [to] ban all offshore oil drilling and call for an end to the use of oil in our cars by 2030."[110]
On 16 March 2012, 52 Greenpeace activists from five different countries boarded Fennica and Nordica, multipurpose icebreakers chartered to support Shell's drilling rigs near Alaska.[129] Around the same time period, a reporter for Fortune magazine spoke with Edward Itta, an Inupiat Eskimo leader and the former mayor of the North Slope Borough, who expressed that he was conflicted about Shell's plans in the Arctic, as he was very concerned that an oil spill could destroy the Inupiat Eskimo's hunting-and-fishing culture, but his borough also received major tax revenue from oil and gas production; additionally, further revenue from energy activity was considered crucial to the future of the living standard in Itta's community.[106]
In July 2012, Greenpeace activists shut down 53 Shell petrol stations in Edinburgh and London in a protest against the company's plans to drill for oil in the Arctic. Greenpeace's "Save the Arctic" campaign aims to prevent oil drilling and industrial fishing in the Arctic by declaring the uninhabited area around the North Pole a global sanctuary.[130]
A review was announced after the Kulluk oil rig ran aground near Kodiak Island in December 2012.[131]
In response, Shell filed lawsuits to seek injunctions from possible protests, and Benjamin Jealous of the NAACP and Radford argued that the legal action was "trampling Americans' rights."[132] According to Greenpeace, Shell lodged a request with Google to take down video footage of a Greenpeace protest action that occurred at the Shell-sponsored Formula One (F1) Belgian Grand Prix on 25 August 2013, in which "SaveTheArctic.org" banners appear at the winners' podium ceremony. In the video, the banners rise up automatically—activists controlled their appearance with the use of four radio car antennas—revealing the website URL, alongside an image that consists of half of a polar bear's head and half of the Shell logo.[133]
Royal Dutch Shell then announced a "pause" in the timeline of the project in early 2013[111] and, in September 2015, the corporation announced the extension of the suspension of its drilling program in the Arctic.[134]
Polar Pioneer[edit]
A June 2014 interview with the corporation's new executive vice president of the Arctic indicated that Royal Dutch Shell will continue with its activity in the region.[58][112]
In Seattle protests began in May 2015 in response to the news that the Port of Seattle made an agreement with Shell to berth rigs at the Port's Terminal 5 during the off-season of oil exploration in Alaskan waters. The arrival of Shell's new Arctic drilling vessel, the Polar Pioneer ( IMO number: 8754140), a semi-submersible offshore drilling rig, was greeted by large numbers of environmental protesters paddling kayaks in Elliott Bay.[135][136]
On 6 May 2015 it was reported that during a coast guard inspection of the Polar Pioneer, a piece of anti-pollution gear failed, resulting in fines and delay of the operation.[137] Oil executives from Total and Eni interviewed by the New York Times, expressed scepticism about Shell's new ambitions for offshore drilling in the Arctic, and cited economic and environmental hurdles. ConocoPhillips and Statoil suspended Arctic drilling earlier, after Shell's failed attempt in 2012.[138]
Oil spills[edit]

Shell was responsible for around 21,000 gallons of oil spilled near Tracy, California in May 2016 due to a pipeline crack.[139]
Shell was responsible for a 88,200-gallon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico in May 2016.[140]
Two ruptures in a Shell Oil Co. pipeline in Altamont, California - one in September 2015 and another in May 2016 - had some questioning whether the Office of the State Fire Marshal, charged with overseeing the pipeline, was doing an adequate job.[141]

See also[edit]


Companies portal
Energy portal



Bataafse Petroleum Maatschappij
Chaco War
Lensbury
royaldutchshellplc.com
Shell Guides, a series of guidebooks
Shell V-Power
List of investors in Bernard L. Madoff Securities
List of companies based in London
Fossil fuels lobby

Notes[edit]



^ Proforma aggregate total for Royal Dutch Shell and BG Group combined.



References[edit]


^ a b c d e f g "Royal Dutch Shell plc Financial Statements". Google. Retrieved 10 July 2016. 
^ "About Shell". Shell. Retrieved 12 July 2013. 
^ "Global 500. Royal Dutch Shell". CNN. 2012. Retrieved 29 January 2013. 
^ Shell, Glencore, and Other Multinationals Dominate Their Home Economies 4 April 2013 BusinessWeek
^ Webb, Tim (17 March 2009). "Shell dumps wind, solar and hydro power in favour of biofuels". London: The Guardian. Retrieved 17 March 2013. 
^ "Wind". shell.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ "Shell at a glance". Royal Dutch Shell plc. Retrieved 30 August 2010. 
^ a b "8 Apr 2015 - Recommended Cash and Share Offer Announcement" (PDF). Royal Dutch Shell plc. Retrieved 29 October 2016. 
^ "Exploration & Production in the United States". Royal Dutch Shell plc. Archived from the original on 24 July 2011. Retrieved 30 August 2010. 
^ a b Shell and Cosan join forces for $ 12 billion ethanol venture
^ a b Fox, Justin (8 April 2015). "Stop Calling Shell an Oil Company". Bloomberg. Retrieved 29 October 2016. 
^ "Market Cap Rankings". Ycharts. Zacks Investment Research. 8 April 2012. Archived from the original on 31 March 2012. Retrieved 9 April 2012. 
^ "FTSE All-Share Index Ranking". stockchallenge.co.uk. Retrieved 1 January 2017. 
^ "Report: Qatar eyes largest piece of Shell". Upstream Online. NHST Media Group. 7 September 2012. Retrieved 8 September 2012. 
^ a b "The beginnings". shell.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ Fred Aftalion (2001). A History of the International Chemical Industry. Chemical Heritage Foundation. p. 142. ISBN 978-0-941901-29-1. 
^ Merrillees 2015, p. 60.
^ Royal Dutch Shell: History Archived 11 October 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Mark Forsyth (2011). The Etymologicon: A Circular Stroll through the Hidden Connections of the English Language. Icon Books. p. 140. ISBN 978-1-84831-319-4. 
^ Falola, Toyin; Genova, Ann (2005). The Politics of the Global Oil Industry: An Introduction. Greenwood Publishing Group. p. 30. 
^ a b F. C. Gerretson (1953). History of the Royal Dutch. Brill Archive. p. 346. GGKEY:NNJNHTLUZKG. 
^ a b F. C. Gerretson (1953). History of the Royal Dutch. Brill Archive. p. 346. GGKEY:NNJNHTLUZKG. 
^ a b c d e f g h i "The early 20th century". shell.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ Reference and contact details: GB 1566 SMBP Title:Shell-Mex and BP Archive Dates of Creation: 1900–1975 Held at: BP Archive GB 1566 SMBP
^ Peck, Merton J. & Scherer, Frederic M. The Weapons Acquisition Process: An Economic Analysis (1962) Harvard Business School p.619
^ Velschow, Klaus. "The Bombing of the Shellhus on March 21, 1945". milhist.dk. Archived from the original on 10 April 2014. Retrieved 21 April 2015. 
^ The Ferranti Mark 1* that went to Shell labs in Amsterdam, Netherlands (Dutch only)
^ "Analysis: Cash bounty lures miners into risky empire-building". Reuters. 27 September 2010. Retrieved 22 April 2011. 
^ The Shell Transport & Trading Company plc delisted from LSE
^ N.V. Koninklijke Nederlandsche Petroleum Maatschappij (English translation, Royal Dutch Petroleum Company) to Withdraw its Ordinary Shares, par value 0.56 Euro, from NYSE
^ Shell shareholders agree merger BBC News, 2005
^ "Iraq holds oil auction, Shell wins giant field". Reuters. 11 December 2009. Retrieved 22 August 2012. 
^ Pagnamenta, Robin (12 December 2009). "Shell secures vital toehold in 'the new Iraq' where oil is ready to flow". The Times. London. Retrieved 22 April 2011. 
^ 2009 Iraqi oil services contracts tender
^ "Shell bets on ethanol in $21 billion deal with Brazil's Cosan". Reuters. 1 February 2010. Retrieved 22 April 2011. 
^ "Shell to fund capital spending by selling LPG assets". 1 March 2010. Retrieved 11 March 2010. 
^ "Shell Acquires East Resources' Tight Gas Fields". Infogrok.com. 31 May 2010. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ a b Tom Bawden (17 January 2014). "Royal Dutch Shell issues shock profit warning". The Independent. London. Retrieved 24 February 2014. 
^ a b James Paton (21 February 2014). "Vitol to Pay Shell A$2.9 Billion for Australian Assets". Bloomberg. Retrieved 24 February 2014. 
^ Tiffany Hsu (8 April 2015). "Shell-BG tie-up could challenge market leader Exxon Mobil". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 8 April 2015. 
^ Rakteem Katakey (15 February 2016). "Shell Surpasses Chevron to Become No. 2 Oil Company: Chart". Bloomberg.com. 
^ Shell takes final investment decision to build a new petrochemicals complex in Pennsylvania, US Royal Dutch Shell (06/07/2016)
^ "Shell sells North Sea assets worth £2.46bn to Chrysaor". BBC News. 31 January 2017. Retrieved 10 June 2017. 
^ Williams, Nia (24 May 2017). "Shell, ConocoPhillips oil sands share selloff risks flooding market". Reuters. Retrieved 10 June 2017. 
^ Shell International Petroleum Company, Developments in Nigeria (London: March 1995)
^ "Niger Delta: Shell's manifestly false claims about oil pollution exposed, again". Amnesty International. 3 November 2015. Retrieved 26 March 2015. 
^ Shell Nigeria case: Court acquits firm on most charges, United Kingdom: BBC News, 30 January 2013 
^ "Argentinian town agrees to damages for oil spill". Radio Netherlands Worldwide. Radio Netherlands Worldwide. 18 May 2009. Retrieved 3 March 2014. 
^ "Court rules Shell must spend US$35mn on Magdalena clean-up". BNamericas. BNamericas. 22 November 2002. Retrieved 3 March 2014. 
^ Lieberman, Amy; Rust, Susanne (31 December 2015). "Big Oil braced for global warming while it fought regulations". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 22 January 2016. 
^ "Royal Dutch Shell PLC - AMEE". 
^ "From Well to Wheel: The Social, Environmental, and Climate Costs of Amazon Crude". Amazon Watch. Retrieved 27 March 2017. 
^ Carrington, Damian; Mommers, Jelmer (28 February 2017). "‘Shell knew’: oil giant's 1991 film warned of climate change danger". The Guardian. Retrieved 25 April 2017. 
^ Mommers, Jelmer; Carrington, Damian (28 February 2017). "If Shell knew climate change was dire 25 years ago, why still business as usual today?". The Correspondent. Retrieved 25 April 2017. 
^ Mommers, Jelmer (28 February 2017). "Shell made a film about climate change in 1991 (then neglected to heed its own warning)". The Correspondent. Retrieved 25 April 2017. 
^ "Royal Dutch Shell: Directors & Officers". FT.com. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Shell press release Archived 2 November 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b c d e Rik Kirkland (June 2014). "Leading in the 21st century: An interview with Shell's Ann Pickard". McKinsey & Company. McKinsey & Company. Retrieved 20 June 2014. 
^ "About Shell – The history of the Shell logo". About Shell. Shell International B.V. 15 June 2007. Archived from the original on 13 July 2010. Retrieved 10 March 2010. 
^ "Shell Haven celebrate a new jetty facility". Shell. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Business Superbrands, Editor: Marcel Knobil, Author James Curtis (2000), Superbrands Ltd. ISBN 978-0-9528153-4-1, p. 93.
^ "raymod loewy logos". designboom.com. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ "1980s to the new millennium – Shell Global". Shell Global. 17 December 2012. Retrieved 6 October 2013. 
^ "What we do". Shell. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Vertical integration". The Economist. 30 March 2009. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Industry Overview". Petroleum Services Association of Canada. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Facelift for Shell logo in pounds 500m 'new look' drive: Petrol giant plans to update outlets in 100 countries ready for next century". The Independent. 30 August 1993. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Shell to become full-time DJR Team Penske backer". Motorsport.com. 3 October 2016. 
^ "Post-war expansion". Shell. Retrieved 9 December 2010. 
^ "Where we operate". Shell. Archived from the original on 2 November 2010. Retrieved 9 December 2010. 
^ a b Smith, David (8 December 2010). "WikiLeaks cables: Shell's grip on Nigerian state revealed". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 9 December 2010. 
^ "Shell Group To Divest Assets In 21 African Countries". Peace FM Online. 8 April 2010. Archived from the original on 11 April 2010. 
^ Shell Denies Rumours of Planned Market Exit
^ "Stakes in four Nigerian oil fields being sold by Shell". Nigeria Sun. 27 August 2014. Retrieved 28 August 2014. 
^ "‘Inspiration’ in the skies: first Hong Kong-made plane prepares for epic world tour". Retrieved 28 July 2016. 
^ "‘Inspiration’ in the skies: first Hong Kong-made plane prepares for epic world tour". Retrieved 28 July 2016. 
^ 26 July 2016, Reuters.
^ "Pilipinas Shell Petroleum Corporation". Shell.com.ph. 17 February 2012. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ "Nasdaq.com". Nasdaq.com. 4 May 2012. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ "Report: PSE oks Pilipinas Shell’s P30B IPO". Upstream Online. Philippine Daily Inquirer. 29 September 2016. Retrieved 29 September 2016. 
^ "Shell Eastern Petroleum Ltd (SEPL), Singapore". ChemicalsTechnology. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Book "Down Many a Road", the story of Shell in Ireland from 1902 to 200 – Bob Montgomery Dreolín Publications 2002 ISBN 1-902773-11-X
^ Shell in Ireland Archived 8 August 2009 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Corrib". SubseaIQ. Bishop Interactive. Retrieved 9 August 2010. 
^ Making a big deal: the movers and shakers in Irish business Archived 30 May 2011 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Hennessy, Niamh (20 February 2008). "Topaz spending €50m re-branding Shell and Statoil stations nationwide". Archives.tcm.ie. Retrieved 17 May 2012. [dead link]
^ "7-Eleven and Shell join forces at 269 petrol stations" (Press release). Shell International B.V. 27 August 2007. Archived from the original on 29 August 2007. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ "Shell reviewing portfolio of LPG businesses" (Press release). Shell International B.V. 6 May 2010. Archived from the original on 17 May 2010. Retrieved 19 June 2010. 
^ "Shell Etsii mahdollista ostajaa Suomen toiminnoilleen" (Press release). Shell Finland. 6 April 2010. Retrieved 19 June 2010. [dead link]
^ "Keele buys Shell's Finnish and Swedish businesses" (Press release). Helsinki Times. 27 October 2010. Archived from the original on 1 August 2012. Retrieved 20 December 2011. 
^ "Reorganisation of North Sea operation to see Shell slash 250 jobs". Yahoo Finance. Retrieved 8 August 2014. 
^ Thomas C. Hayes (13 December 1990). "Shell Oil Shareholders Awarded $110 Million". The New York Times. Retrieved 27 February 2012. 
^ a b Peter Staas (3 June 2011). "Shell's Prelude FLNG Project: An Offshore Revolution?". Investing Daily. Capitol Information Group, Inc. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ a b Reuters and Associated Press (3 December 2013). "Shell's massive Prelude hull world's biggest-ever floating vessel and first ocean-based LNG plant". Financial Post. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ "Shell’s Prelude FLNG to start production in 2017?". LNG World News. 14 April 2016. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Ross Kelly (19 June 2014). "GDF Suez, Santos Halt Innovative LNG Plan in Australia". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ Matt Chambers (4 June 2013). "Geelong refinery writedown hits Shell for $203m". The Australian. Retrieved 6 June 2013. 
^ "Shell and Cosan join forces for $ 12 billion ethanol venture (Ecoseed)". 
^ "Shareholders reject Woodside plans to repurchase stake from Shell". Perth Herald. Retrieved 3 August 2014. 
^ "SolarWorld Acquires Shell's Solar Business". RenewableEnergyWorld.com. 2 February 2006. Retrieved 18 August 2008. 
^ Shell pulls out of key wind power project, Financial Times, 1 May 2008
^ Stanley, Dean. "Shell Takes Flexible Approach to Fueling the Future". Executive View. Corland Publishing. Archived from the original on 20 August 2007. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ "Oil & Gas Giant to Build Dutch Borssele III & IV Offshore Wind Farms". Offshore Wind. 12 December 2016. Retrieved 14 December 2016. 
^ "Shell initiates Beaufort Sea oil exploration". Offshore Magazine. Pennwell Corporation. 17 March 2006. Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ Bailey, Alan (4 February 2007). "Shell proposes 18 wells". Petroleum News. 12 (5). Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ a b c d Jon Birger (3 January 2013). "What I learned aboard Shell's grounded Alaskan oil rig". Fortune Magazine. Time Inc. Retrieved 20 June 2014. 
^ Eaton, Joe (27 July 2012). "Shell Scales Back 2012 Arctic Drilling Goals". National Geographic. Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ Demer, Lisa (27 June 2012). "Shell drill rigs depart Seattle for Arctic waters in Alaska". Anchorage Daily News. Retrieved 12 January 2013. 
^ a b c Jerry Beilinson (1 January 2013). "What Shell's Kulluk Oil Rig Accident Means for Arctic Drilling". Popular Mechanics. Hearst Communication, Inc. Retrieved 20 June 2014. 
^ a b Phil Radford (24 May 2010). "[BP]resident Obama: Where Does BP Begin and Obama End?". The Huffington Post. Retrieved 5 October 2013. 
^ a b Mat Smith (27 February 2013). "Shell halts Arctic drill plans for 2013". CNN. Retrieved 27 February 2013. 
^ a b Terry Macalister (30 January 2014). "Shell shelves plan to drill in Alaskan Arctic this summer". The Guardian. Retrieved 3 March 2014. 
^ "The My Hero Project – Ken Saro Wiwa". Myhero.com. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ Brent Spar's long saga BBC News, 1998
^ Ek Kia, Tan (19 April 2005). "Sustainable Development in Shell" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 26 September 2007. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ G. Thomas Sims (12 April 2007). "Shell Settles With Europe on Overstated Oil Reserves". New York Times. 
^ Jill Treanor (31 May 2009). "Royal Dutch Shell to compensate shareholders for reserves scandal". The Guardian. London. 
^ Tim Fawcett (18 March 2004). "Shell's slippery slope". BBC News. 
^ Bruno, Kenny (24 January 2002). "Greenwash Award to Shell for Clouding the Issue". Campaigns. CorpWatch. Retrieved 30 August 2007. 
^ John Vidal (13 August 2008). "Shell rapped by ASA for 'greenwash' advert". The Guardian. London. 
^ MacAlister, Terry (5 March 2007). "Shell safety record in North Sea takes a hammering". The Guardian. London. 
^ a b Ed Pilkington in New York (8 June 2009). "Shell pays out $15.5m over Saro-Wiwa killing". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ "Wiwa v. Shell". wiwavshell.org. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ "Shell settles Nigeria deaths case". BBC News. 9 June 2009. 
^ "Amnesty.org" (PDF). Retrieved 17 May 2012. 
^ Vogel, D. The market for virtue: The potential and limits of corporate social responsibility. 2006. p 143
^ Vidal, John (3 October 2011). "Shell oil paid Nigerian military to put down protests, court documents show". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 5 October 2011. Confidential memos, faxes, witness statements and other documents, released in 2009, show the company regularly paid the military to stop the peaceful protest movement against the pollution [...] In 2009, in a New York federal court, that evidence never saw light during the trial. 
^ Shell's Arctic oil rig departs Seattle as 'kayaktivists' warn of disaster The Guardian 15 June 2015
^ Activists protest at Shell's Finnish icebreaker rental. YLE, 16 March 2012. Retrieved 24 October 2012.
^ Laurie Tuffrey. "Greenpeace activists shut down 74 UK Shell petrol stations". the Guardian. Retrieved 21 March 2015. 
^ Dan Joling (8 January 2013). "Salazar announces Arctic offshore drilling review; Coast Guard investigates Shell grounding". The Morning Call. The Associated Press. Retrieved 12 January 2013. [dead link]
^ Phil Radford and Benjamin Jealous (17 June 2013). "How Shell is trying to send a chill through activist groups across the country". Grist.org. Retrieved 5 October 2013. 
^ "Greenpeace protest at Shell Belgian F1 Grand Prix event – video" (Video upload). The Guardian. 27 August 2013. Retrieved 5 April 2014. 
^ "Shell abandons Alaska Arctic drilling". The Guardian. 28 September 2015. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ Beekman, Daniel (14 May 2015). "More protests planned after giant oil rig muscles in". Seattle Times. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ "'Paddle in Seattle' Arctic oil drilling protest". BBC. 17 May 2015. Retrieved 9 June 2015. 
^ Vice (6 May 2015). "Shell Plans to Drill in the Arctic This Summer and It's Already Failed a Coast Guard Inspection". 
^ New York Times (12 May 2015). "Shell's Record Adds to the Anger of Those Opposing Arctic Drilling". 
^ "Oil pipeline near Tracy spills thousands of gallons of crude". Retrieved 17 June 2016. 
^ "Shell Oil Spill Dumps Thousands Of Barrels Of Crude Into Gulf Of Mexico". The Huffington Post. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 
^ "Critics Question State Pipeline Oversight After 2 Altamont Oil Spills". KQUED. 10 October 2016. Retrieved 11 April 2017. 


Bibliography[edit]


"A Century in Oil" by Stephen Howarth [1997] ISBN 0-297-82247-0. A History of The "Shell" Transport and Trading Company.
"A History of Royal Dutch Shell" by Stephen Howarth and others [2007]. ISBN 978-0-19-929877-8
"Seven Sisters" by Anthony Sampson (1981) ISBN 978-0-553-23469-5
"Shell Shock: The secrets and spin of an Oil Giant" by Ian Cummins and John Beasant [2005]. ISBN 1-84018-941-X
Merrillees, Scott (2015). Jakarta: Portraits of a Capital 1950-1980. Jakarta: Equinox Publishing. ISBN 9786028397308. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Royal Dutch Shell.



Official website



Business data for Royal Dutch Shell plc:
Reuters
SEC filings



Royal Dutch Shell companies grouped at OpenCorporates
Works by Shell Union Oil Corporation at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about Royal Dutch Shell at Internet Archive
Works by Royal Dutch Shell at LibriVox (public domain audiobooks) 







v
t
e


Royal Dutch Shell



Divisions and
subsidiaries





Current




Asiatic Petroleum Company
Shell Australia
Shell Canada
Shell Chemicals
Shell Gas & Power
Ireland
Shell Nigeria
Shell Oil Company
Shell Pakistan






Former




Mexican Eagle Petroleum Company








Joint ventures





Current




Aera Energy
Albian Sands
Brunei LNG
Motiva Enterprises
Oman LNG
Pearl GTL
Sakhalin Energy






Former




Cellana
Shell-Mex and BP








Brands



Jiffy Lube
Pennzoil
Quaker State
Rain-X
Shell V-Power





People



M. King Hubbert
Fred Meissner
Gale Norton
Jorma Ollila
Rob Routs
Jeroen van der Veer
Peter Voser





Facilities and
places



Asiatic Petroleum Building
Brent Spar
Mars
Montreal East Refinery
proposed Pittsburgh ethane cracker plant
Rocky Mountain Arsenal
Scotford Upgrader
Shell Building
Shell Haven
Shell Mera
Shell Centre
Shell Centre (Calgary)
Shell Development Emeryville
Shell Mex House
One Shell Plaza
One Shell Square
Plaza Shell





Controversies



Corrib gas controversy
Movement for the Survival of the Ogoni People
Ken Saro-Wiwa
Wiwa v. Royal Dutch Shell Co.





Other



Answer Man
Club
Foundation
Guides
In Situ Conversion
Lennard's Carrying v Asiatic Petroleum
Novelty Service Station
Spectacular Sign
Turbo Chargers








 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


Petroleum industry






Petroleum
Primary energy









Benchmarks



Argus Sour
Bonny Light
Brent
Dubai
Indonesian
Isthmus-34 Light
Japan Cocktail
OPEC Reference Basket
Tapis
Urals
Western Canadian Select
West Texas Intermediate





Data




Natural gas



Consumption
Production
Reserves
Imports
Exports
Price





Petroleum



Consumption
Production
Reserves
Imports
Exports
Price (of gasoline and diesel)








Exploration



Core sampling
Geophysics
Integrated asset modelling
Petroleum engineering

Reservoir simulation
Seismic to simulation


Petroleum geology
Petrophysics
Reflection seismology (Seismic inversion)
Seismic source





Drilling



Blowout
Completion (Squeeze job)
Differential sticking
Directional drilling (Geosteering)
Drilling engineering
Drilling fluid (invasion)
Drill stem test
Lost circulation
Measurement
Tracers
Underbalanced drilling
Well logging





Production



Petroleum fiscal regime

Concessions
Production sharing agreements


Artificial lift

Pumpjack
Submersible pump (ESP)
Gas lift


Downstream
Enhanced oil recovery (EOR)

Steam injection
Gas reinjection


Midstream
Petroleum product
Pipeline transport
Refining
Upstream
Water injection
Well intervention
XT





History



1967 Oil Embargo
1973 oil crisis
1979 energy crisis
1980s oil glut
1990 oil price shock
2000s energy crisis
2010s oil glut
Founders
History of the petroleum industry
Nationalization
OPEC
GECF
Seven Sisters
Standard Oil
Oil market timelines





Provinces
and fields



List of natural gas fields
List of oil fields
East Midlands Oil Province
East Texas
Gulf of Mexico
Niger Delta
North Sea
Permian Basin
Persian Gulf
Prudhoe Bay Oil Field
Russia
Venezuela
Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin





Other topics



Acronyms
Oil shale gas
Peak oil

mitigation
timing


People
Petrocurrency
Petrodollar recycling
Shale gas
Swing producer
Unconventional oil

heavy crude
oil sands
oil shale















Companies and organisations








Major petroleum
companies





Supermajors



BP
Chevron
Eni
ExxonMobil
Royal Dutch Shell
Total






National oil
companies




ADNOC (UAE)
CNOOC (China)
CNPC (China)
Ecopetrol (Colombia)
Gazprom (Russia)
Iraq National Oil Company
Indian Oil Corporation
KazMunayGas (Kazakhstan)
Kuwait Petroleum Corporation
Lotos (Poland)
Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation
NIOC (Iran)
NISOC (Iran)
OGDCL (Pakistan)
ONGC (India)
PDVSA (Venezuela)
PKN Orlen (Poland)
Pemex (Mexico)
Pertamina (Indonesia)
PetroBangla (Bangladesh)
Petrobras (Brazil)
PetroChina
Petronas (Malaysia)
Petrovietnam
PTT (Thailand)
Qatar Petroleum
Rosneft (Russia)
Saudi Aramco (Saudi Arabia)
Sinopec (China)
SOCAR (Azerbaijan)
Sonangol (Angola)
Sonatrach (Algeria)
Statoil (Norway)
TPAO (Turkey)
YPF (Argentina)





Energy trading



Glencore
Gunvor
Mercuria
Naftiran Intertrade
Trafigura
Vitol





Other



Anadarko
Apache
BG Group
Cenovus Energy
Compañía Española de Petróleos
ConocoPhillips
Devon
Galp Energia
Hess
Husky Energy
Imperial Oil
Lukoil
Marathon Oil
Nippon Oil
Occidental
OMV
Port Harcourt Refining Company
Reliance Industries
Repsol
Suncor Energy
Surgutneftegas
TNK-BP
Tullow Oil
Tüpraş









Major services
companies




Amec Foster Wheeler
Baker Hughes
Cameron
CGG
CH2M Hill
Chicago Bridge & Iron Company
China Oilfield Services
Enbridge
Ensco
GE Oil & Gas
Halliburton
Nabors Industries
Naftiran Intertrade
National Oilwell Varco
Petrofac
Saipem
Schlumberger
Snam
Subsea 7
TransCanada
Transocean
Weatherford
Wood Group





Other



International Association of Oil & Gas Producers
International Energy Agency
International Petroleum Exchange
OPEC
Society of Petroleum Engineers
World Petroleum Council














Category
 Commons










Links to related articles











v
t
e


Energy in the United Kingdom








Companies







Coal



Anglo American
Asia Energy
BHP
ENRC
Glencore
Rio Tinto
UK Coal





Oil and gas




Integrated



BP
Royal Dutch Shell





Exploration and
production



Afren
BHP
Cairn Energy
Centrica
Dana Petroleum
Desire Petroleum
Emerald Energy
EnQuest
Essar Energy
Hardy Oil and Gas
JKX Oil & Gas
Melrose Resources
Ophir Energy
Perenco
Premier Oil
Regal Petroleum
Rockhopper Exploration
SOCO International
Star Energy
Tullow Oil





Supply



Greenergy
Murco Petroleum





Support



Abbot Group
AMEC
Ensco
Expro
Hunting
Petrofac
Qserv
Score Group
Weir Group
WesternGeco1
Wood Group








Utilities




Generation and
supply




Integrated



Centrica
EDF Energy1
E.ON UK1
RWE npower1
Scottish Power1
SSE





Generation



Drax Group
Falck Renewables
Horizon Nuclear Power1
International Power
Vattenfall United Kingdom1
Vedanta Resources





Supply



The Co-operative Energy
Ecotricity
ESB International
Extra Energy
Firmus Energy
First Utility
Good Energy
Green Energy
LoCO2 Energy
Opus Energy
Ovo Energy
Phoenix Natural Gas
Telecom Plus








Distribution




Electricity



Electricity North West1
Northern Powergrid1
SP Energy Networks1
SSE Power Distribution
UK Power Networks1
Western Power Distribution1





Gas



Firmus Energy
National Grid
Northern Gas Networks
Phoenix Natural Gas
SGN
Wales & West Utilities1








Transmission




Electricity



National Grid2
Scottish Hydro Electric Transmission
SP Energy Networks1





Gas



National Grid











Other



Aggreko
APX Group
Aquamarine Power
Ecogen
EnServe
Geothermal Engineering
Hi-Gen Power
Mark Group
Wavegen






Companies with headquarters and/or registered office in the UK but no applicable energy operations within the country shown in italics 1Ultimate parent company is not UK-based 2Integrated in the United States, no generation or supply activities in the UK














Energy sources







Coal



Coal Authority
Coal-fired power stations
Coal mines
Coal mining regions
Confederation of UK Coal Producers
Greenhouse gas emissions
History (Miners' strike
National Coal Board)
Open-pit coal mining





Electricity



Association of Electricity Producers
BritNed
East–West Interconnector
Energy switching services
Economy 7
Economy 10
Electricity billing
Green electricity
Grid Trade Master Agreement
HVDC Cross-Channel
HVDC Moyle
HVDC Norway–UK
Isle of Man to England Interconnector
National Grid

Control
Reserve Service


New Electricity Trading Arrangements
Power stations
Timeline of the electricity supply industry





Nuclear



Advanced gas-cooled reactor
Franco–British Nuclear Forum
Magnox
National Nuclear Laboratory
Nuclear Decommissioning Authority
Nuclear Liabilities Fund
Nuclear power stations
Office for Nuclear Regulation
Sellafield
United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority





Oil and gas



BBL Pipeline
Dash for Gas
Forties pipeline system
Fuel protests
Gas infrastructure
Greenhouse gas emissions
Hydrocarbon oil duty
Oil and Gas Authority
National Transmission System
Natural gas fields
Natural gas-fired power stations
North Sea oil
Oil & Gas UK
Oil fields
Oil-fired power stations
Oil infrastructure
Oil refineries
Petroleum revenue tax





Renewables




Biofuels



Biodiesel
Biofuel power stations
National Non-Food Crops Centre
Renewable Fuels Agency
Renewable Transport Fuel Obligation





Geothermal



Geothermal power stations





Hydroelectricity



Hydroelectric power stations
Severn Barrage
Wave farms





Solar power

 



Wind power



List of offshore wind farms
List of onshore wind farms
North Sea Offshore Grid
Wind power in Scotland



















Government and regulation







Organisations



Carbon Trust
Cenex
Committee on Climate Change
Department of Energy and Climate Change
Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs
Energy Saving Trust
Environment Agency
Office of Gas and Electricity Markets





Legislation and
initiatives



Carbon Emission Reduction Target
Climate Change Act 2008
Climate Change Agreement
Climate Change Levy
Climate Change and Sustainable Energy Act 2006
CRC Energy Efficiency Scheme
Display Energy Certificate
Energy Act 2013
Energy Performance Certificate
Fossil Fuel Levy
Low Carbon Building Programme
National Industrial Symbiosis Programme
Non-Fossil Fuel Obligation
Planning Act 2008
Renewable Heat Incentive
Renewables Obligation
United Kingdom Climate Change Programme
















Non-governmental organisations







Charities and
pressure groups



Ashden Award
BioRegional
Campaign against Climate Change
Centre for Alternative Technology
National Energy Action
Stop Climate Chaos
Tyndall Centre





Industry bodies



Combined Heat and Power Association
Energy Institute
Energy Networks Association
Energy Retail Association
Green Power Forum
RenewableUK
Utilities Intermediaries Association





Research



Centre for Renewable Energy Systems Technology
Energy Technologies Institute
Hadley Centre for Climate Prediction and Research
NaREC
Oil Depletion Analysis Centre
Sunbury Research Centre
UK Energy Research Centre
















Energy conservation






Association for the Conservation of Energy
British Energy Efficiency Federation
Close the Door campaign
Code for Sustainable Homes
Double Glazing & Conservatory Ombudsman Scheme
EcoHomes
Energy efficiency in British housing
Energy Saving Trust (Energy Saving Trust Recommended)
Greenhouse gas emissions
HTB
National Home Energy Rating











 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


 AEX companies of the Netherlands






Aalberts
ABN AMRO
Aegon
Ahold Delhaize
Akzo Nobel
Altice
ArcelorMittal
ASML
Boskalis
DSM
Galapagos
Gemalto
Heineken
ING
KPN
NN Group
Philips
Randstad
RELX
Royal Dutch Shell
SBM Offshore
Unibail-Rodamco
Unilever
Vopak
Wolters Kluwer












v
t
e


 FTSE 100 companies of the United Kingdom   → FTSE 250







3i
Admiral Group
Anglo American
Antofagasta
Ashtead Group
Associated British Foods
AstraZeneca
Aviva
BAE Systems
BHP
BP
Babcock International
Barclays
Barratt Developments
British American Tobacco
British Land
BT Group
Bunzl
Burberry
Carnival
Centrica
Coca-Cola HBC
Compass Group
ConvaTec
CRH
Croda International
DCC
Diageo
Direct Line Group
easyJet
Experian
Fresnillo
G4S
GKN
GlaxoSmithKline
Glencore
Hammerson
Hargreaves Lansdown
HSBC
Imperial Brands
Informa
InterContinental Hotels Group
International Airlines Group
Intertek
ITV
Johnson Matthey
Kingfisher
Land Securities Group
Legal & General
Lloyds Banking Group
London Stock Exchange Group
Marks & Spencer
Mediclinic International
Merlin Entertainments
Micro Focus International
Mondi
Morrisons
National Grid
Next
Old Mutual
Paddy Power Betfair
Pearson
Persimmon
Provident
Prudential
Randgold Resources
Royal Bank of Scotland
Reckitt Benckiser
RELX Group
Rentokil Initial
Rio Tinto Group
Rolls-Royce
Royal Dutch Shell
Royal Mail
RSA Insurance Group
Sage Group
J Sainsbury
Schroders
Scottish Mortgage Investment Trust
Segro
Severn Trent
Shire
Sky
Smith & Nephew
Smiths Group
Smurfit Kappa
SSE
Standard Chartered
Standard Life
St. James's Place
Taylor Wimpey
Tesco
TUI
Unilever
United Utilities
Vodafone
Whitbread
Wolseley
Worldpay
WPP
















 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Royal_Dutch_Shell&oldid=789456582"					
Categories: Royal Dutch ShellMultinational oil companiesOil companies of the NetherlandsOil and gas companies of the United KingdomAutomotive fuel brandsChemical companies of the NetherlandsChemical companies of the United KingdomCompanies based in LondonCompanies based in The HagueMultinational companies headquartered in the NetherlandsOrganisations based in the Netherlands with royal patronageMultinational companies based in the City of LondonNon-renewable resource companies established in 19071907 establishments in the Netherlands1907 establishments in the United KingdomCompanies listed on the London Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeEnergy companies established in 1907British companies established in 1907Companies formerly listed on the Amsterdam Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the Euronext AmsterdamDutch brandsHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from February 2014Articles with dead external links from June 2014Use British English from May 2012Use dmy dates from May 2017IMO NumberOpenCorporates groupingsArticles with Project Gutenberg linksArticles with Internet Archive linksArticles with LibriVox links 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansAlemannischالعربيةবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGaeilge客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어ՀայերենHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаLatinaLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPapiamentuPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng ViệtWinaray粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 7 July 2017, at 13:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






