




RoyalGA Holdings, LLC - Residential- Michan  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









RoyalGA Holdings, LLC

      Industry: Residential
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    4370 La Jolla Village Dr. Suite 960 
    San Diego, CA, 92122Phone: 8585460900 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-17


New


$8,369,058


$8,369,058


Equity Only


06c


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 David Carlos Michan 
 Executive 


 Carlos David Michan 
 Executive 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Krystal Holdings, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:47 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Krystal Holdings, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Port Royal Holdings, Inc is a principal investment firm. The firm, through its subsidiary, Krystal Company, engages in the ownership, operation, and franchise of quick-service restaurants in the United States. It owns and operates fast food restaurants in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Mississippi, South Carolina, and Tennessee, as well as franchisees restaurants in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Tennessee, North Carolina, South Carolina, Louisiana, Mississippi, Virginia, and Texas. The company is based in Chattanooga, Tennessee.


303 Peachtree StreetSuite 5300Atlanta, GA 30308United States



Phone: 423-757-1550

Fax: 423-757-5644








Key Executives for Krystal Holdings, Inc.




Mr. Philip H. Sanford


      	Chief Executive Officer
      


Age: 63
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Krystal Holdings, Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Royal Adhesives & Sealants













About Us | Careers | History | News | Extranet | Contact Us | Home 
















   
Assembly Adhesives 

Epoxy & Urethane Adhesives & Potting 

Aerospace Sealants & Adhesives 

Adhesives & Coatings for Inflatable Structures 

Contact & Pressure Sensitive Adhesives 

Water-based Adhesives & Coatings 

Energy Cured Adhesives & Coatings 

Flooring Adhesives & Accessories 

MirrorMastics 

Custom Packaging 
    









 







 Markets Served
 





      Aerospace & Defense









      Assembly, Maint. & Repair









      Automotive









      Commercial Roofing









Custom Packaging









      Electrical & Electronics









      Filter









      Flexible Packaging & Convert.









      Flooring Adhesives









      Foam & Fabrication









      General Industrial









      HVAC









      Marine









      Personal Care / HI&I





      Printing and Lamination









      Recreational Vehicles









      Textiles





      Truck, Trailer, Bus and Specialty Vehicle






 




Extranet Sign-In


Username





Password





 






Not Registered? Sign Up!











          Welcome to Royal Adhesives and Sealants
          



            Royal Adhesives & Sealants is a leading global manufacturer and marketer of high performance adhesives, sealants, encapsulants and polymer coatings. These high performance products are used in a variety of markets including aerospace and defense, automotive, recreational vehicle, bus, truck and trailer, rail, marine, insulated glass, solar, wind,  assembly, electrical, electronics, filter, printing, packaging, laminating, roofing and flooring.
We offer a broad spectrum of thermosetting epoxy, urethane, and methyl methacrylate structural adhesives, moisture cured urethanes and MS adhesives and sealants, butyl and MS reactive hot melt adhesives and sealants, cyanoacrylate and anaerobic adhesives, energy cured acrylate adhesives and coatings and rubber and acrylic based adhesives, sealants and polymer coatings formulated to meet the most demanding adhesive, sealant and coating applications. 

The company works directly with its customers material and process engineers to provide custom-formulated systems and application solutions. Our adhesives and sealants are available in totes, drums, pails, and value-added packaging such as meter-mix and dispense cartridges, foil-wrapped sausages, and single-use packets and in tape form.

Royal Adhesives and Sealants is pleased to offer the following industry leading brands: Advanced Polymers International, Chemical Innovations Limited, Chemque, Fortane™, ADCOŽ, KÖMMERLINGŽ, HardmanŽ, SilapreneŽ, CliftonŽ, Hydra Fast-ENŽ, GuntherŽ Mirror Mastics, ParabondŽ, Para-ChemŽ, CraigŽ, DolphinŽ, Commercial Roofing, EternabondŽ, APSŽ, ExtremeŽ, Adhesive Systems, Inc., Weld Mount, and Bacon Adhesives.



Recently acquired product lines:






Royal Adhesives product lines:







  
  
  


  
  
  


  
  
  


  
  
  



  









News




            Royal Adhesives & Sealants LLC, a portfolio company of  American Securities LLC, has acquired the assets of the Ball Ground aircraft sealant repackaging business from Graco Supply.
          


 






            Royal Adhesives & Sealants LLC, a portfolio company of  American Securities LLC, has acquired Bacon Adhesives from Cass Polymers.
          


 






 





©Copyright 2005-2014 Royal Adhesives & Sealants. All Rights Reserved.


Terms & Conditions | Privacy | Contact Us 














Strata Northwood LLC Business Registration










			California Businesses
		

HOME | CONTACT






Strata Northwood LLC
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS REGISTRATION














Strata Northwood LLC Business Registration
Published July 9th, 2016 • casos.lookupbook.net

			Corporate registration for STRATA NORTHWOOD LLC by Ct Corporation of 4370 La Jolla Village Drive Suite 960, San Diego, CA filed on Wed, Jul 6th, 2016 with Georgia Secretary of State Corporations Division			Full Details Below


Business Location - click to view







Registration Details
Business Name
STRATA NORTHWOOD LLC

File Date

				07/06/2016			

Filing type

			CORPORATE			

Source

			GEORGIA SECRETARY OF STATE CORPORATIONS DIVISION [1] 

Last update
07/09/2016


Continue Below for Registered Agent Details











Registered Agent
Agent Name
CT CORPORATION

Street
4370 LA JOLLA VILLAGE DRIVE SUITE 960

Locality
SAN DIEGO, CA  92122

County
SAN DIEGO

LAT/LNG 
32.719601, -117.16246

Other Businesses Registered ByCT CORPORATIONGRIFOLS DIAGNOSTIC SOLUTIONS INC, LOS ANGELES, CAINGENU INC, SAN DIEGO, CACOVER FINANCIAL INC, SAN FRANCISCO, CAGALLERIAGA HOLDINGS LLC, SAN DIEGO, CAROYALGA HOLDINGS LLC, SAN DIEGO, CA



References

Georgia Secretary of State Corporations Division 



Submit a correction
Know more about this business than we do? Great! Please submit any corrections or missing details you may have.
Contact Us





MORE BUSINESS REGISTRATIONS INSAN DIEGO, CA







NEWSCAPER - TOP NEWSBath Time: Trump Redefines The Presidential Role; Transgender Icon Speaks OutAl Gores Inconvenient Sequel Comes As His Dire Climate Predictions Fail To MaterializeHouse Judiciary Republicans Call For Second Special Counsel To Investigate Clinton, Comey, LynchWhite House Unveils MS-13 Policy Ahead Of Trumps Visit To Long IslandPaul Ryan Responds To Bannons Proposed Tax HikeDems Suggest Trumps Interior Secretary Broke Anti-Lobbying LawsNo drought relief in sight as Rome faces water rationing, Vatican shuts off fountainsCreated Equal to show graphic abortion video on Jumbotron in KentuckyDonald Trump to continue to defy fake news, keep fulfilling campaign promisesNEWSCAPER - BUSINESS NEWSAsk a Fool: What's the difference between a 401(k) and a SIMPLE IRA? 



	Trending Stories








Endangered Entrepreneurs

					Entrepreneurism has seen a steady decline over the past 30 years.
				









Monetize Your Website
	
					Many small business owners monetize their website to offset costs.
				









Privacy Rights

					Corporate America may be pushing privacy rights to eliminate smaller competitors. 
				









Postal Service Email

					Turning email over to the U.S. Postal Service might eliminate spam in your inbox. 
				









Small Business Organizations

					Which organizations best represent the interests of small business owners.
				











		Copyright 2017		Home |
		Privacy |
		Terms |
		Contact












Royal Elastomers







About Us | History | News | Extranet | Contact Us | Home 



























 







 Markets Served
 





      Adhesives, Sealants & Coatings









      Rubber Compounding & Tires






 









Extranet Sign-In


Username





Password





 






Not Registered? Sign Up!



 
 





            Company History
          



Royal Adhesives & Sealants, LLC is a privately-held adhesives and sealant company specializing in epoxy, urethane, solvent-based and water-based adhesives, sealants, and potting compounds used in a wide range of industrial applications.  Headquartered in South Bend, Indiana, Royal operates a state-of-the-industry ISO 9001/2000 certified laboratories and manufacturing facilities in Indiana, New Jersey and California.  Royal provides high-performance and customized solutions meeting the end-use requirements of our customers through constant innovation.
Royal originally began as an in-house compounder of adhesives for the U.S. Rubber Company in Ft. Wayne, IN and subsequently operated under Uniroyal, Inc.  In 1976, Royal, in conjunction with Carlisle Syntec, developed and commercialized rubber-to-rubber splicing adhesives for fully bonded Ethylene Propylene Dienneterpolymer Membrane (“EPDM&rdquo) roofing systems.  In 1997, Royal relocated from its antiquated plant in Mishawaka, Indiana to a remodeled state-of-the-art facility in South, Bend Indiana.
TASC Holdings LLC acquired Royal in 2003.  Royal’s strategy to become a premier provider of specialty adhesives and sealants has been achieved through organic growth and through acquisitions.  

In March, 1997, Royal acquired the C. Gunther Company, located in Cary, Illinois, a market leading supplier of mirror mastics.  These adhesives are used to bond mirrors to a variety of different substrates related to both commercial and residential mirror installation.  All Gunther operations were subsequently moved to the Company’s South Bend facility.  These products are marketed under the Gunther® Mirror Mastics brand.
In December, 2000, Royal acquired the solvent-based industrial adhesives product line from Henkel Corporation, located in Elgin, Illinois.  This acquisition enabled Royal to expand its line of industrial adhesives and sealants.  These products are marketed under the Silaprene® brand. 
In December, 2004, Royal acquired the ESC neoprene-based adhesive product line and relocated manufacturing to South Bend, Indiana.   These adhesives and sealants are used for weather stripping and aftermarket automotive applications and are marketed under the Silaprene brand.
In June, 2005, Royal acquired the Hardman Adhesives and Elastomers business located in Belleville, NJ from Elementis plc.  This allowed Royal to broaden its product portfolio to include epoxy and urethane structural adhesives, electrical potting and encapsulation compounds and specialty elastomers marketed under the Hardman and Royal Elastomers brands. 
In December, 2005, Royal acquired the assets of J&R Industries Inc. located in Wilmington, CA.  This acquisition added polysulfide sealants and electrical potting compounds for aerospace, defense and marine applications and specialty epoxy coatings for industrial maintenance applications to the Hardman brand.
In April, 2006, Royal acquired the assets of Basic Adhesives Inc.’s Industrial water-based adhesives product line. This new addition to the Hydra FAST-EN brand consists of urethane, acrylic latex, natural rubber, SBR/Caseins and Neoprene water-based adhesives that are primarily sold to the flexible packaging and converting market.

Today, Royal Adhesives and Sealants provides a breadth of technologies and a depth of formulations that serves numerous markets.
Technologies

Epoxy 
Polyurethane 
Urethane Acrylate 
Polysulfide 
Solvent-based 
    
Neoprene
Kraton
EPDM
Nitrile
Urethane


Water-based 
    
Acrylic
SBR/Caseins
Neoprene
Natural Latex
Urethane


UV-cured 
De-polymerized rubber 
Butyl rubber 
  

Markets

Assembly, Maintenance, and Repair 
Automotive 
Electical/Electronics 
Filter 
Foam and Furniture Fabrication 
Transportation 
Recreational Vehicle 
Marine 
HVAC 
General Industrial 
Aerospace and Defense 
Adhesives, Sealants, and Coatings 
Rubber Compounding and Tire 
Flexible Packaging and Converting

Royal’s ISO 9001/2000 certified South Bend, Indiana facility manufactures the Silaprene brand solvent-based and Hydra FAST-EN brand water-based adhesives, sealants and caulks.
Royal’s ISO 9001/2000 certified Belleville, NJ facility manufactures the Hardman brand of epoxy, urethane, and UV-cured adhesives, sealants and potting compounds.
Royal’s ISO 9001/2000 certified Wilmington, CA facility manufactures our Hardman brand polysulfide aerospace adhesives and sealants and epoxy and urethane maintenance coatings.  This plant is also fully approved to the AS 9100 and NADCAP 7200/1 aerospace quality system standards.
Royal is committed to providing the best possible products and services to our customers through continual quality management and constant innovation.  When you think of adhesives, sealants, or elestomers, think Royal!


Corporate Headquarters
Royal Adhesives and Sealants 
        2001 West Washington Street 
        South Bend, IN 46628

 
      Royal Adhesives and Sealants 
      600 Cortlandt Street 
      Belleville, NJ 07109

 
      Royal Adhesives and Sealants 
      800 E. Anaheim Street 
      Wilmington, CA 90744






 





©Copyright 2005-2011 Royal Adhesives & Sealants. All Rights Reserved.


Terms & Conditions | Privacy | Contact Us 













RoyalGA Holdings, LLC, 16063998 | Georgia-register.com














































RoyalGA Holdings, LLC
4370 La Jolla Village Drive, Suite 960, San Diego, CA, 92122, USA


















 
+
0
-



RoyalGA Holdings, LLC is an entity registered at Georgia with company number 16063998. Company is incorporated on6th July 2016. Current status of the company is Active/Compliance. The company's registered agent is CT CORPORATION, 1201 PEACHTREE ST., NE, Fulton, ATLANTA, GA, 30361, USA
Company information


Company name
RoyalGA Holdings, LLC


Address
4370 La Jolla Village Drive, Suite 960, San Diego, CA, 92122, USA


Status
Active/Compliance


Company number
16063998


Company type
Foreign Limited Liability Company


Jurisdiction
Delaware


NAICS Code
Any legal purpose


Incorporation Date
6th July 2016



					Registered Agent
					
					
					
				


Name
CT CORPORATION


Address
1201 PEACHTREE ST., NE, Fulton, ATLANTA, GA, 30361, USA








All data on website has informational character only and are taken from publicly available sources.
Related companies

Royalique INC
ROYALISTIC LLC
ROYALITY CARPETS, INC.
ROYALITY CLEANERS ENTERPRISES, LLC
ROYALITY STYLE DESIGNS, LLC
ROYALL GLOBAL, LLC
ROYALL HARRISON, LTD.
ROYALL LIMOUSINE, INC.
ROYALL TURNER INSPECTIONS, LLC
ROYALL'S OLD FASHIONED ICE CREAM PARLOR, LLC


ROYALFAMMUZIK ENTERTAINMENT, LLC
ROYALFAM RECORDS, INC.
Royales Landscaping LLC
Royale444 LLC
ROYALE-IV, INC.
ROYALE WEALTH GROUP, LLC
ROYALE VIXEN'S FULL SERVICE SALON AND SPA LLC
ROYALE VENTURES, INC.
ROYALE SPORTS, LTD.
ROYALE SPECIALLY WHOLESALE, LLC

Similar company number

Roger Henderson LLC
ArMilan Holdings, LLC
On Top Cleaning Service LLC
Long Wave Trucking LLC
MOD Media, LLC
VARDAYAK LLC
Threatt Brothers Sand Co., Inc.
Golden Eagle Atlanta, LLC
Auto Interior Solutions LLC
Blue Daisy Internet Marketing, LLC


F.M.L CLOTHING LLC
Shanty Grove Design, LLC
TTSN 10, LLC
TTSN 9, LLC
Black Snake Bottoms Farm Services LLC
Swansea Atl, LLC
Hocus Phocus LLC
Black Coral Hospitality LLC
BA & MAI, LLC
Exclusively Yours Chauffeured Services, LLC

























Royal Group: Home Page | Royalty Services
Royal Group: Home Page – Royalty Services






















 















 ROYAL GROUP PETROLEUMROYAL GROUP FINANCEROYAL GROUP CONSTRUCTIONROYAL GROUP ENTERTAINMENTROYAL GROUP CHARITY 



ROYAL GROUP MEMBERS




Saudi Arabia
Kuwait
United Arab Emirates
Sultan of Bruneilink




Qatar
Bahrain
Oman






Royal Group is assisted by a group of Royal advisers who together form the Royal Group and enable Royal Group to accomplish all aspects of its official function as a Royal Foundation.

Royal Group consists of seven autonomous departments. Heads of Department carry the responsibility of managing their department and are accountable to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.




ROYAL GROUP


Founded by Prince Khalid Bin Saud Al-Sabah

Royal Group is the official trademark of Royal Group Holdings.

Royal Group consists of Royal Members across the globe.




ROYAL GROUP PORTFOLIO



PEACE AND SECURITY
POLITICAL AFFAIRS
INFRASTRUCTURE AND ENERGY
SOCIAL AFFAIRS
HUMAN RESOURCES, SCIENCE,
TECHNOLOGY
TRADE AND INDUSTRY
RURAL ECONOMY & AGRICULTURE
ECONOMIC AFFAIRS








     
		      
		      
		  
 


Our main goal in Royal Group is to provide a high quality service along with Private Royal Services to meet our client’s needs at any time.
We have achieved this with the perfect collaboration we keep with respective firms and high equipped personnel. Our passion for true quality and service in combination with our backgrounds and experience ensures the satisfaction of our customers.
We offer several high quality products along with a rich Royalty background that evaluates our consumers to satisfy every desire.
We primarily focus on our consumers requests in order to have a memorable and remarkable future together.






PETROLEUM SECTOR (Offshore and Onshore)
Royal Group Oil Corporation is the Oil sector of Royal Group. The petroleum sector is working in the Crude oil sector. We supply from Africa and the Middle East both mainland and international waters
We are currently projecting a production of 200,000 barrels daily. This vision claim discovered by Prince Khalid al-Sabah and the production is looking into a future expansion with the joint venture with Ram Bio chemical company. The Daily production is not meeting the markets demands and supply will be supported by Saudi Arabia and Equatorial Guinea. The production terminal has been located in the international waters off the coast of Africa with the protection of Opec, African Union and United Nations.
The political ingredients of the oil sector remains confidential and handled by Royal Group. Our aim is to supply and meet the demands in the world market and to reduce political conflicts in the oil Trade.
·         Kuwait Oil Company
·         Saudi Aramco
·         Abu Dhabi National Oil Company
·         Qatar Petroleum
·         Iraq Oil
·         National Iranian Oil Company
·         GE Petrol
·         China National Petroleum Corporation
·         China National Offshore Oil Corporation
·         Shell
EXPLOITATION:
AFRICAN AND GULF INTERNATIONAL WATERS AND MAINLAND
TRADE:
CHINA – EUROPE
ALL PAYMENTS OF CRUDE ARE INVESTED THROUGH ROYAL GROUP WHERE A CAPITAL IS GENERATED TO REACH THE WORLD MARKET
FINANCE BRANCH (Banking and investments)
The Royal Bank of Africa was founded by Royal Group Charity Foundation to help Africa create a central financial body to stabilize the economy and bring the bank to meet international standards to establish trade to help the independent countries come out from poverty. To centralize the wealth of Africa and build its future based on reserves and assets domestically.
To reduce corruption in Africa, The Royal Bank of Africa will be receiving world aid and ensure the funds are injected into the humanitarian projects with the help of the Charities direction.
FINANCIAL ASSETS:
1 - AFRICAN NATIONAL PETROLEUM PRODUCTION    2 - AFRICAN VISION    3 - AFRICAN KINGDOM TELEVISION
ROYAL BANK OF AFRICA (R.B.O.A)
AFRICA     ASIA     EUROPE     AMERICAS
OFFSHORE BANKING CORPORATION
AFRICAN VISION
UNIFICATION OF WEALTH AND PROGRESS
AFRICAN NATIONAL PETROLEUM PRODUCTION
All rights reserved
AFRICAN KINGDOM TELEVISION
All rights reserved
CHARITY ARM (Humanitarian Aid)
Royal Group Charity Foundation is the official charity arm founded by Prince Khalid Al-Sabah.
Our mission is to help the poor countries and to help the underprivileged countries. Our aim is to work in hand with the Governments and help bring the economy to meet world standards and build a future for the people.
By supporting the Governments in development and working hand in hand to bring the countries to meet the world standards. We also work with specific leaders to bring awareness and to help them maintain the basic rights of the people. Ie free education and health.
The aim of Royal Group Charity division is to help grow the future development projects in Africa and to provide a body of strength to challenge poverty and produce growth
·         United Nations
·         African Union
·         Royal Group Charity Foundation
CONSTRUCTION DIVISION (Development)
Royal Group Construction is working in development projects. Bringing good construction to third world countries to meet the international standards of development.
FOCUS
AFRICA      MIDDLEEAST      ASIA
ENTERTAINMENT DIVISION (Arts and Culture)
Royal Group Entertainment is a vision created by Prince Khalid Al-Sabah with the focus of meeting the interests of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Our aim is to filter the entertainment world in the middle east and bring an entertainment that is socially and economically accepted to meet the peoples demands. An entertainment that will be commercialized to meet the Arabian culture and interests. The extension and expansion in entertainment in the Middle East is limited and subject to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
Extensions include
1 - Royal Group Records     2 - Royal Group Film Production     3 - Royal Group Publishing     4 - Royal Group Promotions
·         View More





ROYAL GROUP
Shayma Tower, Omar Bin Al Khattab Street, Kuwait City, Kuwait.
Tel:  +965 222 71 669
Fax: +965 222 71 666
Email: info@royalgroupholdings.com
Website: www.royalgroupholdings.com
 
Africa    Middle East    Asia    Europe    Americas






ROYAL GROUP HOLDINGS
Under the supervision of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Prince Khalid Bin Saud Al-Sabah is the Founder and Chairman of Royal Group Holdings.
Royal Group Holdings is a trading company with sister companies running under the umbrella of ROYAL GROUP, Royal Group Holdings and the sister companies consist of an Oil sector, Entertainment division, Construction Group and a Charity arm.
Royal Group Holdings maintains valuable trading partnerships with a roster of highly regarded companies.
Royal Group Holdings is also trading with international Governments to help establish a peaceful relation between countries.
Our aim is to support and focus on names in product, having a good trading relationship with many countries and our investment opportunities are open to the world market.
VISION OF ROYAL GROUP
The vision of Royal Group is that of: “An integrated, prosperous and peaceful.
Union, driven by Royal Members and representing a dynamic force in global arena.”
This vision of a new, forward looking, dynamic and integrated Royal Group will be fully realized through relentless struggle on several fronts and as a long-term endeavour. Royal Group has shifted focus from supporting ancient movements in the erstwhile Royal territories under colonialism, to an organization spear-heading Royal development and integration.
MISSION AND VALUES OF ROYAL GROUP
The mission of Royal Group has become“An efficient and value-adding organization driving the ancient integration and development process in close collaboration with Royal Group Members.
The values to guide and govern the functioning and operations of Royal Group are:
·         Respect for diversity and team work;
·         Think Free above all
·         Transparency and accountability
·         Respect for diversity and team work;
·         Think Free above all
·         Transparency and accountability
Royal Group will endeavor to fulfill its Mission by developing clear goals and strategies. The values indicated above will constitute the basis on which Royal Group will achieve its Mission. Royal Group will also encourage the development of a service culture for the entire organization.
Royal Group will be guided by the following principles:
·         Subsidiary and complementarily with other Organs, Member States.
·         Results orientation, feasibility and impact focus.
·         Close coordination and cooperation with the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
·         Coherence of policies and program.
·         A networking approach that takes advantage of available resources through other players.
Message from the Board
His Royal Highness Prince Khalid Bin Saud Al-Sabah
Chairman of the Board

His Royal Highness Prince Khalid Bin Saud Al-Sabah is one of the most influential and prominent young leaders in the GCC. HRH Prince Khalid’s recent business ventures and appointments to prominent decision-making positions in key strategic businesses mirror the recent expansion of the GCC economy and have carved a path for HRH Prince Khalid to become a leading business figure in this region.
Since graduating from the renowned UCLA with a Bachelor of Arts in Economics, HRH Prince Khalid founded the Royal Group Holding, a holding company, through which he owns and controls various investments across a range of industries within the GCC and abroad. Royal Group Holdings and its many subsidiaries are the corporate vehicles through which HRH Prince Khalid seeks to implement his long-term vision of a diversified and sustainable business model with a core focus on harnessing the growth potential of the GCC economy. Through Royal Group Holding, HRH Prince Khalid also serves as chairman of a wide range of businesses, including the following entities:

Royal Group Entertainment a specialized entertainment development company where HRH Prince Khalid continues to work together with the world’s greatest creative minds on national and international projects, benefiting from his extensive knowledge and experience in the countries in which he operates.



Royal Group Construction, a company that invests in the technology and development sectors, providing the highest possible standard of quality and service in the construction industry.
Royal Group Petroleum, an international trading house, which communicates opportunities in various commodity sectors within the GCC, Africa and world markets. 
Royal Group Charity Foundation In November 2007, HRH Prince Khalid was appointed trustee of Royal Group Charity Foundation (a charitable division of Royal Group). This recent acquisition by Royal Group Holding and appointment to the position of Trustee further enhances the vision of HRH Prince Khalid and reflects the progressive growth of Royal Group. In August 2009, a Royal Decree was issued to re-organize the Royal Group Charity Foundation, with His Highness Prince Khalid Al-Sabah as the Honorary Chairman of the foundation and His Highness Prince Abd Malik Al-Sabah as the deputy Chairman of the Board of Trustees.






Royal Group Health and Safety Policy
 We adhere to the highest standards of health and safety and environmental regulation, and comply with ISO 9001, 14001, OHSAS 18001 and all relevant HSE legislative requirements, as well as green building regulations to curtail environmental impact.
As we expand further onshore all our operations will continue to be run to the highest standards of safety, reliability and environmental management working in partnership with the communities in which we operate. We continue to work extremely hard to ensure that our presence makes a meaningful and positive contribution to the areas in which we operate and is sustainable over the long term, core to which is our commitment to operate safely and reliably. The security, health and safety of our workforce is of paramount importance and an integral part of everything we do. A positive, safe and productive work environment for all of our team comes from ensuring the contribution of each team member towards building and sustaining a strong safety culture.  We conduct routine assessments of our operating standards and review on an on-going basis our facility HSE and ER Plans.  These include risk assessments and mitigation that extend from site facilities to considering issues within the local geographical area. In terms of site safety, we have Emergency Preparedness and Response arrangements and Incident Response and Reporting processes in place.  We place great importance in ensuring the effectiveness of our response, and the ultimate safety and security of our site personnel and others who may be affected by our activities. Our Management System is aligned to the requirements of the occupational health and safety standard and we remain committed to pursuing certification to this standard. During the reporting period, we have had no Lost Time Injuries, assisted by our continued commitment to safe operations.
Royal Group has a legal duty to put in place suitable arrangements to manage for
health and safety. As this can be viewed as a wide-ranging, general requirement
HSE encourages a common-sense and practical approach. It is part of our
everyday process of running an organization and an integral part of workplace
behaviors and attitudes.
Our keys to effectively managing for health and safety are:
■ leadership and management (including appropriate business processes).
■ a trained/skilled workforce.
■ an environment where people are trusted and involved.
Royal Group advocates that all of these elements, underpinned by an understanding of the
profile of risks we create or face, are needed. This links back to
wider risk management and can be found in the following diagram.
Managing business risks
Managing for health and safety
Worker
involvement Competence
Leadership Management
Legal
compliance
Risk
profiling
HSE and DECC, working in partnership, under the Offshore Safety Directive Regulator (OSDR), to act as the Competent Authority responsible for implementing the requirements of the EU Directive on the safety of offshore oil and gas operations.
Royal Group complies under the regulations of the Offshore Petroleum Licensing (Offshore Safety Directive) Regulations 2015.
BS OHSAS 18001 Occupational health and safety management systems
BS EN ISO 9001 Quality management system.
















Who's Online1 visitors online now1 guests, 0 bots 

Connect with us



 

 Our Latest News 

Partners
December 16, 2016


Saudi Aramco
May 15, 2016


 











TOP
















		  
		    Health Products Holdings llc
		  
		



























Toggle navigation








(954) 233-3300










 
 
 













About Us
Healthy Solutions for Today’s Lifestyles. 




Health Products Holdings, LLC (“HPH”) is a group of  vertically integrated companies, including manufacturing entities and  compelling brands, sold through a variety of distribution channels in the  Health Supplement industry. Since its inception, HPH has become a world leader  in supplement manufacturing and branding.  HPH takes pride in producing  and selling innovative, trustworthy, and highly-marketable nutritional  supplements with the overall goal of improving the population’s health.














Vision
Our trusted products empowering healthy lifestyles in every household
 Values





Engagement
Across brands, functions, and levels, we communicate openly, collaborate effectively, and take personal responsibility for maintaining consumer trust.





Innovation
We engage in timely and responsible exploration, experimentation, and discovery in our products and processes.





Integrity
In everything we do, we exhibit openness, honesty, respect, and firm commitment to our mission and values.




 Quality
We demonstrate daily diligence to performing at the highest standard across people, processes, and products.




 Humility
We are motivated by an ongoing desire to improve ourselves, our company, and the world, so we are willing to listen and learn and remain open to new ideas and approaches. 












Our Brands 
As a family of brands, Health Products Holdings is your trusted partner for healthier living. Our portfolio of nutritional products spans sports nutrition and herbal solutions to probiotics and whole food supplements.  






















































 




 
Press 




Health Products Holdings has acquired the True Health, Health Resources and Vitamin Research Products
August 31st, 2015
Health Products Holdings, LLC (“HPH”) has acquired from Vitamin Research Products, LLC all of its brands and related assets, including the well-known direct-to-consumer brands Vitamin Research Products (“VRP”), True Health (“TH”), and Health Resources (“HR”). Read More






Nature’s Products Inc. Is Reaping Awards for Healthiest Employer in 2015
July 28, 2015
Nature’s Products Inc. has received two wellness awards in South Florida, and has been recognized as a Gold-Level, Fit-Friendly Worksite by the American Heart Association. 
Read More






Iceland Health® Introduces Axial Rx™
August 10th, 2014
Patent-Pending Formula for Joint Health Sunrise, FL (October 14, 2014) – Iceland Health, known for its premium, omega-3 based products, launches Axial Rx™, a patent-pending joint health formula. Axial Rx is designed to help provide relief from joint discomfort in
Read More













 Home

 About Us 
 Vision & Values 
 Our Brands 
 Press 

 
	
1301 Sawgrass Corporate Parkway Sunrise, Florida 33323 United States© 2015 Health Products Holdings llc(954) 233-3300













