    Mark Rozells | FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated | ZoomInfo.com










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Mark D. Rozells: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:48 AM ET
Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure

Company Overview of FRHI Holdings Limited



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Mark D. Rozells  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, FRHI Holdings LimitedAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 7 different industries.See Board Relationships55--
Background

		Mr. Mark D. Rozells serves as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at FRHI Holdings Limited. Mr. Rozells Founded Inversiones Latinoamericanas S.A. (INLASA) in 2007 and serves as its President. He has over 20 years of broad investment, finance, strategy and management experience. Prior to INLASA, Mr. Rozells served as Managing Director of Procinea Management LLC. Mr. Rozells served as the Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President ... of Liberty Digital Inc., since May 22, 2000. He served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of DMX, Inc. Prior to Liberty Digital, he served as Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasurer of Starwood Hotels & Resort Worldwide Inc., from April 1998 to May 2000. From June 1990 to March 1998, Mr. Rozells served senior treasury and finance roles of The Walt Disney Company including Vice President and Corporate Treasury. He has over 20 years of broad investment, finance, strategy and management experience. From 2000 to 2005, he served senior management roles with Liberty Media Corporation. He has been an Independent Director of FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated at Felcor Lodging LP since March 2008. He served as an Executive of Liberty Interactive Corporation since 2005. Mr. Rozells is a graduate of Yale College with a Bachelor's Degree in Economics.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
----, -- --CanadaPhone: --Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
Director of Felcor Lodging Trust IncorporatedFelcor Lodging LP2008-PresentIndependent DirectorFelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated
Education
Unknown/Other Education Yale CollegeBachelor's Degree Yale College
Other Affiliations
Liberty Interactive CorporationThe Walt Disney CompanyLiberty Digital, Inc.FelCor Lodging Trust IncorporatedStarwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc.DMX, Inc.Felcor Lodging LPYale CollegeProcinea Management LLC


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact FRHI Holdings Limited, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























FCH Mark D. Rozells Insider Trades for Felcor Lodging Trust Inc.


































Bulletin

Tobacco stocks crushed by FDA announcement »
        

FDA unveils plan to lower cigarette nicotine content to nonaddictive level »
            




Investor Alert







London Markets Close in:



Currencies
Futures
Metals Stocks


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Felcor Lodging Trust Inc.

                  NYSE: FCH
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Felcor Lodging Trust Inc.



Market open
 --Real time quotes
Jul 28, 2017, 10:48 a.m.


FCH

/quotes/zigman/228513/composite


$
7.35




Change

+0.06
+0.82%

Volume
Volume 141,675
Real time quotes








/quotes/zigman/228513/composite
Previous close

$
			7.29
		


$
				7.35
			
Change

+0.06
+0.82%





Day low
Day high
$7.25
$7.36










52 week low
52 week high

            $6.00
        

            $9.13
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Mark D. Rozells



Mr. Mark D. Rozells, CFA, is Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President at Fairmont Raffles Hotels International, Inc., Independent Director at FelCor Lodging Trust, Inc., and President at Inversiones Latinoamericanas SA. He is on the Board of Directors at FelCor Lodging Trust, Inc., FelCor Lodging LP, and Fairmont Hotels, Inc. (Canada).
Mr. Rozells was previously employed as a Managing Director by Procinea Management LLC, Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President by Liberty Digital, Inc., President & Chief Executive Officer by DMX Music, Inc., and Treasurer & Senior Vice President-Finance by Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc.
He received his undergraduate degree from Yale College.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





04/03/2017
2,534


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


01/03/2017
2,301


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


10/03/2016
2,921


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


07/01/2016
2,881


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/24/2016
11,504


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/17/2016
10,000


 
Acquisition at $6.89 per share.


68,900


05/03/2016
10,000


 
Acquisition at $7.28 per share.


72,800


04/01/2016
2,356


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


01/05/2016
1,338


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


10/01/2015
1,273


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


07/01/2015
936


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/19/2015
6,769


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


04/01/2015
931


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Thomas James Corcoran 
Chairman




Mr. Steven R. Goldman 
Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Troy A. Pentecost 
President & Chief Operating Officer




Mr. Michael C. Hughes 
Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Thomas C. Hendrick 
Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP




Mr. David W. Kohutek 
Vice President-Engineering




Ms. Melissa A. Kendrick 
Vice President-Project Management




Mr. Daniel A. Jorns 
Vice President-Asset Management




Mr. Donald J. Falgoust 
Vice President-Food & Beverage




Mr. Larry J. Mundy 
Senior Vice President & Deputy General Counsel




Mr. Jeffrey D. Symes 
Treasurer, Chief Accounting Officer & Senior VP




Ms. Abi  Salami 
Manager-Investor & Media Relations




Mr. Jonathan H. Yellen 
Secretary, Executive VP & General Counsel




Mr. Christopher John Hartung 
Lead Independent Director




Mr. Charles A. Ledsinger 
Independent Director




Ms. Dana K. Hamilton 
Independent Director




Ms. Patricia L. Gibson 
Independent Director




Mr. Robert F. Cotter 
Independent Director




Mr. Robert H. Lutz 
Lead Independent Director




Mr. Glenn A. Carlin 
Independent Director




Mr. Mark D. Rozells 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




10:48 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
10:48aInvisalign maker Align stocks surge 8% after earnings blow past estimates
10:47aDow trades flat at 21,790; S&P 500 off 0.4% at 2,466
10:47aNasdaq off 0.3% at 6,359
10:46aBREAKINGDow briefly turns positive as stock market pares opening loss
10:41aJapan slaps 50% tariff on U.S. frozen beef, first such action in 14 years
10:37aPacking the Pounds Back on Pigs
10:34aBREAKINGFDA says it plans to lower nicotine in cigarettes to non-addictive levels
10:30aDollar turns lower for the week following GDP report
10:30aSet yourself up to get the most out of retirement
10:30aTesla earnings: Will Model 3 live up to the hype?
10:29aBitcoin prices rise as Ether extends recent weakness
10:27aTreasury yields dip after second-quarter GDP data
10:26aNew rule forces big car makers into big changes in how they count revenues
10:25aThese are the times you’re actually allowed to put money back into your IRA
10:24aWeekend Sip: Is this the world’s first distilled non-alcoholic spirit?
10:19aU.S. GDP speeds up to 2.6% in 2nd quarter 
10:17aTime for GOP to face reality: Everybody is going to have health insurance
10:06aStock market edges lower, on track for weekly losses 
10:06aHoward Marks says bitcoin isn’t real—and we can all blame millennials for its rise
10:05aMinor lift for final consumer sentiment reading in July as partisan divide remains
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,791.92

-4.63
-0.02%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,355.96

-26.23
-0.41%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,466.28

-9.14
-0.37%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


























































Mark D Rozells, 55  - Pacific Palisades, CA | MyLife.com™ Background Profile



































Search for your public page


First Name



Last Name



City





Search


*All fields are required
Already a member? Log in


















About & Contact Info






                    Photos && Social Posts






Reviews & Ratings





Court & ArrestRecords





Friends & Family












 MR


View Photos



 Edit/Remove

Mark Rozells
 Pacific Palisades, CA
 Age: 55 -
								08/25/1961





AKA:
                                                Mark David Rozells, Mark D Rozells













Work Info







Marital Status






Unavailable






 Politics









Education Info





  Edit/Remove My Info

View Full Contact Info
- OR -
View Full Background Details







Reputation Score:
4.00/5




4.00

							        	
													(1 Review)
												






                                        Rate:
                                        
                                            Mark










Improve my Rating
                                                |  
                                                 Ask others to Rate




Ranking: 
Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD











  Edit/Remove My Info
Contact Info







(310) 209-****









View Email Address, 
                                    
                                         |  Send message











74*** **** Dr


Pacific Palisades, CA 90272







View Full Contact Details
- OR -
View Full Background Details








 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 4}} more
 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 3}} more



Summary:
                    
Summary:  

currently lives in  



Pacific Palisades
, CA.


            Before that,  lived in
            



Los Angeles
, CA.
         is related to
                Lauren Walter rozells.
        















About & Contact Information


Mark's Story




Summary:  

currently lives in  



Pacific Palisades
, CA.


            Before that,  lived in
            



San Diego
, CA.
         is related to
                Lauren Walter rozells.
        




Contact Information





                            This section includes information on Addresses, Phone Numbers, and Email Addresses
                        




                                                Recent Address
                                            
74*** **** Dr
Pacific Palisades, CA
View Address


Past Address
23*** **** Dr




Los Angeles
, CA
View Address


Past Address
15*** **** Rd




San Diego
, CA
View Address


Past Address
38*** **** Dr




Scottsdale
, AZ
View Address





                                                     
                                                            Current Phone Number
                                                        
(310) 209-****





    Mark may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Mark's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                




View Full Phone, Email & Address Details





Work History





    Mark may have Work information - Check Full Background Report to see possible job history including what current and previous jobs, companies they may have been employed at, job titles, duration of employment,  and a list of their co-workers.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





School History




    Mark may have Education Information - Check Full Background Report to see possible education history including where and when they attending high school and college, and a complete list of their high school class list.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Properties




    Mark may have Properties - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known properties. This may contain information such as address, market value, purchase price,  and loan amount.


                View Full Background Details
            





Corporate Affiliations




    Mark may have Corporate Affiliations - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known corporate affiliations. This may contain information such as company name, job title, address, and time period of service.


                View Full Background Details
            





Licenses and Permits




    Mark may have Licenses & Permits - Check Full Background Report to see weapons permits, Federal Aviation Administration pilot licenses and Drug Enforcement Administration licenses for prescribing controlled pharmaceuticals. If applicable, you will also see Mark's license number and expiration date.
                

                View Full Background Details
            






Photos & Social Posts


Photos









ViewPhotos





    Mark may have Photos - Check Full Background Report to see possible pictures and photo albums found from social and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Social Posts





View Social Posts



    We did not find any Social Posts records after searching multiple government records, social and public sources. As part of your premium service, we will continue to search and notify you when we find new information.



    Mark may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Mark's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                





Reviews & Ratings





Mark Rozells's Reputation Score:
4.00/5



4.00

						        	
                                            (1 Review)
                                        







                                    Rate:
                                    
                                        Mark










Improve my Rating
                                            |  
                                             Ask others to Rate
                                            |  
                                            Write a Review




Ranking:  Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD

















Jeffrey Tinsley, CEO & Founder of Mylife.com

Personal Review









Reply










×
Showing balanced reviews improves the credibility of your positive reviews, so consider keeping them.Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
Yes
No








×
Your request has been sent.
Close









        Court & Arrest Records
        
            
            
                
            
        
    


Arrest and Criminal Records




    Mark may have Arrest and Criminal Records - Check Full Background Report to see possible arrest or conviction records we have found on Mark. This may include any DUIs, traffic tickets and outstanding warrants. When applicable, we may show where the crime occurred and provide details about the offense.


                View Full Background Details
            





Sex Offender Status




    Mark may have Sexual Offenses - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of any and all sex offenses Mark may have been convicted of and his current sex offender status if applicable.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies




    Mark may have Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies - Check Full Background Report to see local, state and federal court documents, sensitive legal information and any litigation that Mark may have been involved in.  We'll reveal arrest details like case numbers, offense descriptions, and booking dates, where available.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Family & Friends


Relatives/Associates






 LW

Lauren Walter rozells

                                            Los Angeles, CA



 NR

Noel Rozells

                                            San Diego, CA




                                    View More Relatives
                                





Classmates




    Mark may have a record of associated Classmates - Check Full Background Report to see possible who they are and full classlists  found from school records and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Neighborhood Information | Information based on current address








Age








Education Level










Household Income








Estimated Home Values










Top Buying Habits








Top Interests & Hobbies



















A Full Background Report Includes



Find Background Profiles & Reputation Scores for Everyone in the U.S.



                            MyLife searches government, social & public sources to pull together all details in one place
                        




                            Contact details include addresses, email, phone numbers, photos & social profiles and more
                        




                            Background checks include arrest & court records, education & work history, personal reviews and more to asses anyone's reputation
                        



Only MyLife Helps You Improve Your Background Report & Reputation Score



                            Edit & correct your own Background Report to look your best to employers, clients, friends, dates & others searching for you on Google.
                        




                            Ask friends, family, employers & clients to review you to improve your public Reputation Score.
                        




                            Remove your information from sites you can't control to protect your privacy
                        



See What MyLife Customers Are Saying

                        "When considering new tenants, you should always
                        check and verify their background to feel secure
                        & protected. MyLife makes it easy"
                    


- Ron W.




 







Back to Top




















×
Send Message


Message sent
An error has occurred, please try again later...


How do you know this person?

Please select (used to notify recipient)
Unknown
College
High School
Junior High School
Grade School
Met on MyLife.com
Is My Friend
Related to Me
Mutual Friend
Work
Club or Organization
Religion Affiliation
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Found You Through a Dating Service
Found Your Service



Subject



Message




 Add/Track Contact
							







SEND NOW

















×


					Your message has been sent.
				











×
Help Mark build his reputation & public image 
Thank you for rating Mark Rozells
Please provide additional details to give people more insight into Mark's reputation. 



Sorry! We were unable to submit your review


                                        Please select at least one quality
                                    




Does Mark have these qualities?
Deselect all







Personal
Professional
Dating





 Smart
 Loyal
 Honest
 Good listener
 Humble
 Generous
 Fun
 Easy going
 Optimistic
 Kind
I would NOT be friends with Mark
 I would be friends

Is there anything you want to say about  on a personal level?
  (Optional)




 Responsible
 Hardworking
 Intelligent
 Collaborative
 Creative
 Resourceful
 Motivated
 Flexible
 Ambitious
 Articulate
I would NOT work with Mark

Is there anything you want to say about  on a professional level?
  (Optional)




 Faithful
 Respectful
 Understanding
 Funny
 Romantic
 Sexy
 Smart
 Passionate
 Good looking
 Good listener
 I would NOT date Mark

Is there anything you want to say about  concerning dating?
  (Optional)




You are responsible for your submissions, which must be true, lawful and not violate any person's rights. You agree to our User Agreement.







How do you know Mark?*

Friends
                                          Friend
Professional
Dating
Family Member
Neighbor
School
Club or Organization
Religious
Myself
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Other







    Post anonymously
?






















































POST REVIEW








×

                        
                                Two Ways to Improve your Score
                            




Correct and Edit your extended background details
Correct & Edit


Ask Family & Friends  for positive reviews
  Send an Email
Share on Facebook










×





























×





Search to Find Background Reports & Publicly Exposed Personal Details on Anyone including Yourself.
Are You Mark Rozells?


YES
See & control your exposed background info
See, Monitor & Enhance Your Background Report that People are Viewing.


NO
See public background info on  Mark 
See Background Report to Learn  the Truth about Mark .











×





Thank you. We received your vote.











×






GET AN ADDITIONAL PREMIUM REPORT ON Mark Rozells
Premium data contains highly sensitive  info such as:

Arrest Records
Wealth & Assets
Lawsuits & Liens
Licenses & Permits
Sexual Offenses
Corp. Affiliations




                            In order to access the sensitive info on a Premium Report today, an additional fee is required. Remember, you do not need to purchase a Premium Report to access the info that is available in Standard Reports.
                        
BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
No, thank you




THANK YOU FOR YOUR PURCHASE
Your Premium Report is now Ready
CLICK HERE TO SEE REPORT




There is a problem authorizing your charge on this card. Please try your card again or try another card.























Credit Card No.






Expiry Date

MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12


Year

                                                        2017

                                                        2018

                                                        2019

                                                        2020

                                                        2021

                                                        2022

                                                        2023

                                                        2024

                                                        2025

                                                        2026

                                                        2027

                                                        2028

                                                        2029

                                                        2030

                                                        2031

                                                        2032

                                                        2033




CVC 









BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
















×
You now have access to view Mark Rozells's Premium Background Report.

The information in this report is gathered from Government, Social & Public Records gathered from across the web.

                                    Access Mark's Premium Background Report
                                    









×
MyLife Protects & Builds Your Reputation


MyLife gathers up-to-date Government, Social & Public Records so you know what's public everywhere online and help you build your reputation for employers, friends and others that search for you here and on Google.
We recommended you:

Edit & Correct Your Background Report
Complete Your Profile Providing Positive Details
Ask Friends for Positive Reviews
See Who's Checking Your Background
Remove Unwanted Records You Can't Control










×
Review posted! Register to get reply alerts



New to MyLife? Register today for FREE.

Already a member?  Log in







































Name




Email

We respect your privacy


Message


Register to send your email

Gender

                                I am
                                Male
Female



Birthday


MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12




DD




YYYY


Must be 13 years or older to join


ZIP Code



Password



Confirm Password




FIND MY PAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy




See & Monitor All Background Info That's Public On AnyoneWe'll show you all background information, personal reviews and other details from government records and proprietary sources across the web, plus alert you to changes.
Edit and Add-To Your Background Info, Personal Reviews and Social PostsControl your public details to look good to employers, clients, friends and anyone who finds you online.
Send Messages To Get In Touch With AnyoneGet complete contact info on anyone. Send unlimited messages to make valuable professional and personal contacts.












×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Mark Rozells











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












ï¿½
Send a message to  Mark



Compose your message





































Your name




From



Message




SEND YOUR MESSAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy









×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Mark Rozells











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












Find Anyone:

Find Anyone:
A|
B|
C|
D|
E|
F|
G|
H|
I|
J|
K|
L|
M|
N|
O|
P|
Q|
R|
S|
T|
U|
V|
W|
X|
Y|
Z







COMPANY
About Us
Testimonials
Press
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
FAQs




SERVICES
Monitor Your Identity
Remove Your Public Profiles
Background Check
See Who's Searching for You
Connect with Friends & Find People
Manage Your Membership




DIRECTORIES
People Search




Visit us on:












                Copyright © Fri Jul 28 07:48:28 PDT 2017 MyLife.com®, Inc. |
User Agreement |
Privacy Policy
U.S. Patent No. 6,701,348 and 6,694,353








	            * The other websites referenced on this site are owned and operated by their respective companies, and the associated trademarks and logos are the property of those companies. Links are provided for reference only and MyLife.com® does not imply any connection or relationship between MyLife.com® and these companies.
	        



 
















Mark D. Rozells - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Mark D. Rozells
Board Member at FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated


View Full Profile
Are you Mark D. Rozells? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Mark D. Rozells's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Mark D. Rozells's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Mark D. Rozells's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Mark D. Rozells through your network of contacts.
												








Mark D. Rozells's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated


Past
To view Mark D. Rozells's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
55

 
 


Mark D. Rozells's Biography



Mark D. Rozells (age 55) has served as a director of FelCor since March 2008. He was, most recently, the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Fairmont Raffles Hotels International, or FRHI, a position he held from November 2010 until July 2016, when FRHI was sold. From September 2005 until he joined FRHI, Mr. Rozells was a private investor focused on real estate and entertainment assets. From April 2000 to July 2005, Mr. Rozells worked with Liberty Media Corporation and served as President and Chief Executive Officer of DMX Music, Inc. (a leading provider of music and in-store entertainment services to commercial customers  ...
(Read More)

			Mark D. Rozells (age 55) has served as a director of FelCor since March 2008. He was, most recently, the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Fairmont Raffles Hotels International, or FRHI, a position he held from November 2010 until July 2016, when FRHI was sold. From September 2005 until he joined FRHI, Mr. Rozells was a private investor focused on real estate and entertainment assets. From April 2000 to July 2005, Mr. Rozells worked with Liberty Media Corporation and served as President and Chief Executive Officer of DMX Music, Inc. (a leading provider of music and in-store entertainment services to commercial customers including the lodging industry), and as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Liberty Digital, Inc., a publicly-held media and music content production and distribution company. From March 1998 to April 2000, Mr. Rozells was Senior Vice President, Finance and Treasurer of Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc. Prior to his service at Starwood Hotels, Mr. Rozells held treasury and finance positions with The Walt Disney Company, Imperial Corporation of America and Allied Signal, Inc. Mr. Rozells is an honors graduate of Yale College. Qualifications: extensive financial and executive management experience, including public company financial reporting; public company leadership experience; independent. Mr. Rozells was, most recently, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of FRHI and has held executive positions with financial, strategic and general management responsibilities at several leading public companies, including The Walt Disney Company and Starwood Hotels. Mr. Rozells's financial, lodging industry, general management and transactional expertise are particularly relevant to his work on our Board.
		
Source: FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated on 04/28/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Mark D. Rozells's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Mark D. Rozells. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Mark D. Rozells's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Mark D. Rozells's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Mark D. Rozells through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Mark D. Rozells


















Mark D. Rozells's Connections (22)





Sign up now to view Mark D. Rozells's 22 connections »









Charles A. Ledsinger
Board Member, FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated









Troy A. Pentecost
President and Chief Operating Officer, FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated









Patricia L. Gibson
Board Member, FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated









Thomas C. Hendrick
Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer, FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated









Thomas J. Corcoran
Chairman, FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated









Andrew J. Welch
Former Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Xenia Hotels & Resorts, Inc.









Jonathan H. Yellen
Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated









Glenn A. Carlin
Board Member, FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated









Michael A. DeNicola
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer, FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated









Richard A. Smith
Former Employee, FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993



















Starwood Names Mark Rozells VP & Treasurer








































menuclose









Industry Update




Press Release 6 May 1998Starwood Names Mark Rozells VP & Treasurer

PHOENIX, May 5 /Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc. HOT announced today the appointment of Mark D. Rozells as Vice President of Finance and Treasurer of the Corporation.

Mr. Rozells joins the corporation from The Walt Disney Company where he was Vice President of Corporate Treasury. In his new position he will report to Ronald Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc. and he will relocate to the corporation's offices in Phoenix, Arizona.

Mr. Rozells will be responsible for all aspects of the Treasury functions at Starwood including worldwide capital raising, cash management, financial risk management, corporate and pension investments as well as establishing and maintaining relationships with commercial and investment bankers, rating agencies and the fixed income investment community.
"We are very pleased to have Mark Rozells joining our company," said Ronald Brown, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc. "His in-depth experience at a world class organization like Disney will be invaluable as we work to achieve our aggressive worldwide objectives," said Mr. Brown.
Mr. Rozells joined The Walt Disney Company in 1990 as Director-Investments and Funding. He was promoted to Vice President and Assistant Treasurer in 1993 and to Vice President, Corporate Treasury in 1997.
Prior to joining Disney, Mr. Rozells was with Imperial Corporation of America from 1986 to 1989 achieving the rank of Vice President, Corporate Finance. He also worked for The Henley Group/Allied Signal Inc. from 1984 to 1986.
He is a graduate of Yale College with a BA degree in Economics, and he is also a Chartered Financial Analyst.
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc. through its ITT Sheraton, Westin and Caesars subsidiaries, is one of the leading hotel and gaming operating companies in the world. Starwood Hotels & Resorts is the largest real estate investment trust in the United States. Shares of Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc. are paired and trade together with shares of Starwood Hotels & Resorts.
ContactDebi Ford of Starwood Hotels & Resorts, 602-852-3370



More from Starwood





Most Read


Today
Last 7 days
Last 30 days
































More






Newsletter

Subscribe to our daily newsletter


Submit your NewsAdvertising









