RPG Advisory           Contact Us: (925) 384-0071          RPG Advisory |4home,page,page-id-4,page-template,page-template-full_width,page-template-full_width-php,qode-core-1.0,ajax_fade,page_not_loaded,,brick-ver-1.1, vertical_menu_with_scroll,smooth_scroll,wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-4.11.2.1,vc_responsiveStrengthening Your Financial FutureRPg Investment Advisory offers comprehensive retirement planning from a dedicated team of professionals who provide sound solutions and advice.What We DoWe offer a holistic approach while implementing cutting edge research and innovative strategies, and maintaining our independence.The Client ExperienceThe RPg team seeks to provide the highest degree of integrity, unsurpassed personalized service and investment advice, all at a competitive cost.The Client ExperienceClients care about safety, security, transparency, performance…and at the end of the day, relationships.- Rich GreerMeet Your Personal Wealth Manager.The RPg team takes an individual approach to get and keep your financial goals on target. RPg Investment Advisory has combined a team of highly skilled, experienced and trusted advisors with a keen understanding of our clients’ specific directives.News and UpdatesObserving the Undertow in the MarketsMarch 16, 2016Taking Advantage of Unfortunate CircumstancesDecember 12, 2015Manufacturing Income and Mathematically Reducing RiskDecember 12, 2015                       


Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











RPG Investment Advisory LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback

























rpg investment advisory llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
RPG Investment Advisory, LLC operates as an investment advisory firm. The Company offers wealth transfer, retirement and cash flow planning, and portfolio management services. RPG Investment Advisory serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

349 Main Street
Suite 202
Pleasanton, CA 94566
United States


Phone:
1-925-384-0071


Fax:
1-925-384-0072


Web url:
www.rpgadvisory.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Matthew Oscar Vera


Chief Compliance OFC




Richard M Greer


Managing Member







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















News – RPG Advisory


































 







 











 Contact Us: (925) 384-0071
 



 
 










 





















 



RPG Advisory | News
50939
page,page-id-50939,page-template,page-template-full_width,page-template-full_width-php,qode-core-1.0,ajax_fade,page_not_loaded,,brick-ver-1.1, vertical_menu_with_scroll,smooth_scroll,wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-4.11.2.1,vc_responsive





 






News and Updates


Observing the Undertow in the MarketsMarch 16, 2016Taking Advantage of Unfortunate CircumstancesDecember 12, 2015Manufacturing Income and Mathematically Reducing RiskDecember 12, 2015


 
 

 
 























﻿






























Principal Financial Group Inc. Acquires 3,833 Shares of EPAM Systems, Inc. (NYSE:EPAM) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for EPAM Systems Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor EPAM Systems Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

MakeMyTrip Limited (NASDAQ:MMYT) Stock Rating Upgraded by TheStreet
Vanguard Group Inc. Purchases 611,172 Shares of Knoll, Inc. (NYSE:KNL)
Stryker Corporation (NYSE:SYK) Stake Decreased by Bailard Inc.
Thrivent Financial For Lutherans Boosts Position in MarineMax, Inc. (HZO)
Principal Financial Group Inc. Sells 6,605 Shares of CIT Group Inc (DEL) (CIT)
Principal Financial Group Inc. Acquires 3,833 Shares of EPAM Systems, Inc. (NYSE:EPAM)
Ameriprise Financial Inc. Has $1.27 Million Stake in Amarin Corporation PLC (AMRN)
Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Has $1.59 Million Stake in Investors Real Estate Trust (IRET)
Xactly Corp (XTLY) Shares Sold by Ameriprise Financial Inc.
Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Sells 2,029 Shares of Douglas Dynamics, Inc. (PLOW)
CORDA Investment Management LLC. Has $5.28 Million Position in Mondelez International, Inc. (MDLZ)
Mondelez International, Inc. (MDLZ) Stake Decreased by Independent Advisor Alliance
Duke Energy Corporation (DUK) Stake Cut by AlphaMark Advisors LLC
Citigroup Inc. (C) Stake Increased by Buckingham Capital Management Inc.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Has $2.20 Million Position in Advanced Semiconductor Engineering, Inc. (ASX)
Hutner Capital Management Inc. Raises Stake in The Kraft Heinz Company (KHC)
NextEra Energy, Inc. (NEE) Stake Increased by Pacer Advisors Inc.
General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Stake Boosted by Hanson McClain Inc.
Jefferies Group LLC Analysts Give Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (BIT:ISP) a €3.15 Price Target
Essilor International SA (EI) PT Set at €142.00 by Morgan Stanley







Principal Financial Group Inc. Acquires 3,833 Shares of EPAM Systems, Inc. (NYSE:EPAM)


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 27th, 2017 // No Comments




Principal Financial Group Inc. raised its position in shares of  EPAM Systems, Inc. (NYSE:EPAM) by 56.5% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 10,623 shares of the information technology services provider’s stock after buying an additional 3,833 shares during the period. Principal Financial Group Inc.’s holdings in EPAM Systems were worth $802,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Several other hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in EPAM. Renaissance Technologies LLC purchased a new stake in  EPAM Systems during the fourth quarter valued at about $2,855,000.  Norges Bank purchased a new stake in  EPAM Systems during the fourth quarter valued at about $21,131,000.  Teachers Advisors LLC boosted its stake in  EPAM Systems by 3.8% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 300,728 shares of the information technology services provider’s stock valued at $19,340,000 after buying an additional 10,957 shares in the last quarter.  Highbridge Capital Management LLC purchased a new stake in  EPAM Systems during the fourth quarter valued at about $872,000.  Finally, Toth Financial Advisory Corp purchased a new stake in  EPAM Systems during the first quarter valued at about $710,000. Institutional investors own  97.67% of the company’s stock. 


 Get EPAM Systems Inc. alerts:



Shares of EPAM Systems, Inc. (NYSE:EPAM) opened at 86.98 on Thursday. EPAM Systems, Inc. has a 1-year low of $54.53 and a 1-year high of $87.93. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $83.92 and a 200 day moving average of $76.52. The stock has a market capitalization of $4.51 billion, a PE ratio of 46.76 and a beta of 0.99. 





EPAM Systems (NYSE:EPAM) last released its earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The information technology services provider reported $0.72 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.50 by $0.22. EPAM Systems had a net margin of 8.11% and a return on equity of 11.70%. The firm had revenue of $324.65 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $316.64 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.66 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 22.8% compared to the same quarter last year.  Analysts predict that  EPAM Systems, Inc. will post $3.43 EPS for the current year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Principal Financial Group Inc. Acquires 3,833 Shares of EPAM Systems, Inc. (NYSE:EPAM)” was originally  published by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/27/principal-financial-group-inc-acquires-3833-shares-of-epam-systems-inc-nyseepam.html. 
Several analysts have issued reports on EPAM shares. Credit Suisse Group started coverage on shares of EPAM Systems in a research note on Friday, April 7th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $90.00 target price on the stock. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of EPAM Systems from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. Cantor Fitzgerald  reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $78.00 target price on shares of EPAM Systems in a research note on Thursday, May 4th. Needham & Company LLC  reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $90.00 target price (up from $82.00) on shares of EPAM Systems in a research note on Friday, May 5th. Finally, Barclays PLC  reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a $84.00 target price (up from $80.00) on shares of EPAM Systems in a research note on Friday, May 5th. Eight analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating,  The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $86.25.
In other news, SVP Ginger Mosier sold 26,055 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Friday, June 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $85.65, for a total value of $2,231,610.75. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 12,733 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,090,581.45. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, CEO Arkadiy Dobkin sold 5,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $76.46, for a total transaction of $382,300.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 2,145,164 shares in the company, valued at approximately $164,019,239.44. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 78,164 shares of company stock worth $6,548,596 in the last three months. Insiders own  6.17% of the company’s stock. 
About EPAM Systems
EPAM Systems, Inc is a g provider of software product development and digital platform engineering services to clients located primarily in North America, Europe, Asia and Australia. The Company’s service offerings cover the full software product development lifecycle from digital strategy and customer experience design to enterprise application platforms implementation and program management services and from complex software development services to maintenance, support, custom application development, application testing, and infrastructure management.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EPAM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for EPAM Systems, Inc. (NYSE:EPAM).







Receive News & Ratings for EPAM Systems Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for EPAM Systems Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 














































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Rpg Investment Advisory, LLC | Wealthminder











































Rpg Investment Advisory, LLC


Rpg Investment Advisory, LLC
(CRD# 172173) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Pleasanton, CA.
They
manage $351,000,000 in 544 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 6 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Rpg Investment Advisory, LLC




349 Main St, Suite 202,
Pleasanton,
CA
94566
(925) 384-0071
http://rpgadvisory.com




http://rpgadvisory.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

351
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

544
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$645,221







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Hourly charges
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)






Advisory Services Offered




Financial planning services
Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




CA, LA, MS, NE, TX, UT






Financial Advisors at Rpg Investment Advisory, LLC




Showing 1 - 2 of 2 top financial advisors.





1















Robert J. Valentine



CRD#:
5342149



349 Main St, Suite 202,
Pleasanton,
CA
94566




98

Wealthminder
score







Robert Valentine (CRD# 5342149) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at RPG Investment Advisory, LLC in Pleasanton, CA and has over 8 years of experience in the finance industry.





2















Matthew O. Vera



CRD#:
4468941



349 Main St, Suite 202,
Pleasanton,
CA
94566




98

Wealthminder
score







Matthew Vera (CRD# 4468941) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at RPG Investment Advisory, LLC in Pleasanton, CA and has over 10 years of experience in the finance industry.












Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now






















Services – RPG Advisory


































 







 











 Contact Us: (925) 384-0071
 



 
 










 





















 



RPG Advisory | Services
50834
page,page-id-50834,page-template,page-template-full_width,page-template-full_width-php,qode-core-1.0,ajax_fade,page_not_loaded,,brick-ver-1.1, vertical_menu_with_scroll,smooth_scroll,wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-4.11.2.1,vc_responsive





 






Services





Creating income and cash flow for life.





The RPg team takes an individual approach to get and keep your financial goals on target. A personalized approach to your investment strategies is the key to unlocking your tailored portfolio. We offer a holistic approach while implementing cutting edge research and innovative strategies, and maintaining our independence.





What We Do





Our holistic approach at financial planning will help set the path to financial success. RPg offers a multitude of financial services and strategies:









 


The Client Experience





We help as a steward of financial security for you and those you love.





RPg has a fiduciary responsibility to put your needs first. We strive to construct the highest quality comprehensive financial planning available. No matter where you stand in your career path, we are here to strive to surpass your life-long financial wellness goals.
Why we’re different than other firms:






Regardless of where you are in your career path, we can manage your wealth preservation and distribution.
The services we provide for you are supported with our goal of maintaining integrity and consistency.
RPg advisors are able to address both strategic and tactical dimensions of retirement planning and wealth management.
Our financial advisors deliver innovative strategies on distributions from retirement accounts.







 
 

 
 































About Us – RPG Advisory


































 







 











 Contact Us: (925) 384-0071
 



 
 










 





















 



RPG Advisory | About Us
50821
page,page-id-50821,page-template,page-template-full_width,page-template-full_width-php,qode-core-1.0,ajax_fade,page_not_loaded,,brick-ver-1.1, vertical_menu_with_scroll,smooth_scroll,wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-4.11.2.1,vc_responsive





 






Meet RPg Investment Advisory





RPg Investment Advisory offers comprehensive retirement planning from a dedicated team of professionals who provide sound solutions and advice. We have combined a team of highly skilled, experienced and trusted advisors with a keen understanding of our clients’ specific directives and seek to provide the highest degree of integrity, unsurpassed personalized service and investment advice.





Our Team





Meet your personal wealth management adviser












Richard Greer











Joe Valentine











Vince Davis












Matthew Vera











Carrie Breedlove












Robert Valentine











Justen Miller





 
 

 
 

























	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started








































RPG INVESTMENT ADVISORY, LLC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      RPG INVESTMENT ADVISORY, LLC
                    

HTTP://RPGADVISORY.COM
•   PLEASANTON, CA
                          • Investment Advisor
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             RPG Investment Advisory is based out of Pleasanton. RPG Investment Advisory is a large advisory firm with  More than 100 clients and discretionary assets under management (AUM) of $464,315,353 (Form ADV from 2017-04-11).  Their last reported 13F filing for Q1 2017 included $341,750,000 in managed 13F securities
    and a top 10 holdings concentration of 30.08%. RPG Investment Advisory's largest holding is Chevron Corp. with shares held of 283,489.   WhaleWisdom has at least 7 13F filings in our database for RPG Investment Advisory. 
                                           














Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
Inv. Advisor Info
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from RPG INVESTMENT ADVISORY, LLC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















03/31/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change


GVA
        
        Granite Constructio...
2.5%



QCOM
        
        QUALCOMM Inc.
1.427%



HCP
        
        HCP Inc.
1.229%



VZ
        
        Verizon Communications
1.034%



MGM
        
        MGM Resorts Interna...
0.786%








03/31/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change


RIO
         
         Rio Tinto plc (NYSE)
0.722%


GS
         
         Goldman Sachs Group
0.573%


HPT
         
         Hospitality Propert...
0.392%


TROW
         
         T. Rowe Price Group
0.355%


T
         
         AT&T Inc
0.335%







03/31/2017
13F Holdings Summary




Stock% Port


CVX
                                                  
                                                  Chevron Corp.
8.9062%


FAS
                                                  
                                                  Direxion Shares ETF Trust F...
2.9349%


DIS
                                                  
                                                  Walt Disney Co. (The)
2.5876%


GVA
                                                  
                                                  Granite Construction Inc.
2.4995%


GS
                                                  
                                                  Goldman Sachs Group
2.4486%

See All Holdings






03/31/2017
13F Activity




Market Value
                        $341.75 Million

                        Prior Market Value
                        $296.113 Million
New Purchases13 stocks
Additional Purchases37 stocks
Sold out of1 stock
Reduced holdings in66 stocks
Top 10 Holdings %30.08%
Turnover %
                        [1]:12.07%
Turnover Alt %
                    [2]:12.46%
Time Held Top20:2.80 quarters
Time Held Top10:2.70 quarters
Time Held All:4.15 quarters

[1]:
                  Turnover is calculated by taking the # of new holdings (initial purchases) + the # of positions sold out of (not just reduced) divided by the total # of holdings for the quarter.
                
[2]:
                  Alt Turnover is calculated by taking either the total MV of new purchases or
                   the MV of securities sold, whichever is less,
                   divided by the total MV of the fund.
                






03/31/2017
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for RPG INVESTMENT ADVISORY, LLC






Portfolio Performance
                    Top 20 equal-weighted holdings. Last updated
                      on 2017-06-29 



Performance
                      for Q1 2017:
                    
0.34%


Performance Last 4 Quarters:
14.13%





Performance Metrics
Stats are not available for the latest quarter














Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-27








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-27
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation

















































Quarter to view:

Current Combined 13F/13D/G
Q1 2017 13F Filings 
Q4 2016 13F Filings 
Q3 2016 13F Filings 
Q2 2016 13F Filings 
Q1 2016 13F Filings 
Q4 2015 13F Filings 



                      Refresh
                    
 Advanced Export
Download CSV
Download Excel (.xlsx)
Download TSV







                               Click to See Additional Filters
                              



Security Types:




                  Shares


                  Calls


                  Puts


                  Principal

Changes in Holdings:

 New Position
Added to Position
Reduced Position
Closed Out Position
No Change



Ranking is in the top:



Minimum # of shares:



Stock ticker: 



Is ETF?
YesNo



                                      Refresh
                                    








Edit Columns


*Shares are split adjusted
		






×
Report an error






Your name (optional):


Your email (optional):


Error to report or any other comments(required):













                









Cancel





 Click here to report any possible errors with this listing.





13F Filings Available:



                            2017-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include


2017-03-31
2016-12-31
2016-09-30
2016-06-30
2016-03-31
2015-12-31




Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export







View Last Form Adv Compilation Report on Record

RPG INVESTMENT ADVISORY, LLC
 
349 MAIN ST
SUITE 202

PLEASANTON
CA
            
        94566
Country: United States


          Business Phone:
          (925) 384-0071
Fax:
              (925) 384-0072


Professional Investment Advisor Data

SEC Registration as :

Large Advisory Firm
      


Form of Organization:
Limited Liability Company 


Organized in:
TX


Number of employees:
9


Other Business Activities:



Advisor Fees/Compensation:
Percentage of assets under management,Hourly charges,Fixed fees



        Amount of client funds and securities:
      




            Total Number of Clients:
          




            Amount of client funds and securities by related persons:
          




                Total Number of clients from related persons:
              



Disclosures:




HTTP://RPGADVISORY.COM


    Data above was derived from SEC filings.
  



Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free

































About Us – RPG Advisory


































 







 











 Contact Us: (925) 384-0071
 



 
 










 





















 



RPG Advisory | About Us
50821
page,page-id-50821,page-template,page-template-full_width,page-template-full_width-php,qode-core-1.0,ajax_fade,page_not_loaded,,brick-ver-1.1, vertical_menu_with_scroll,smooth_scroll,wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-4.11.2.1,vc_responsive





 






Meet RPg Investment Advisory





RPg Investment Advisory offers comprehensive retirement planning from a dedicated team of professionals who provide sound solutions and advice. We have combined a team of highly skilled, experienced and trusted advisors with a keen understanding of our clients’ specific directives and seek to provide the highest degree of integrity, unsurpassed personalized service and investment advice.





Our Team





Meet your personal wealth management adviser












Richard Greer











Joe Valentine











Vince Davis












Matthew Vera











Carrie Breedlove












Robert Valentine











Justen Miller





 
 

 
 































Disclaimer – RPG Advisory


































 







 











 Contact Us: (925) 384-0071
 



 
 










 





















 



RPG Advisory | Disclaimer
50847
page,page-id-50847,page-template,page-template-full_width,page-template-full_width-php,qode-core-1.0,ajax_fade,page_not_loaded,,brick-ver-1.1, vertical_menu_with_scroll,smooth_scroll,wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-4.11.2.1,vc_responsive





 






Retirement Planning group Investment Advisory, LLC (“RPg”) is an investment advisor registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission and located in Pleasanton, California. This brochure should not be construed as a solicitation to effect, or attempt to effect, transactions in securities or to constitute the rendering of personalized investment or tax advice for compensation.
RPg and its representatives are in compliance with the current filing requirements imposed upon SEC-registered investment advisers by those states in which RPg maintains clients. Please read the RPgForm ADV Part 2/Firm Brochure available through www.adviserinfo.sec.gov. RPg may only transact business in those states in which it is registered or qualifies for an exemption or exclusion from registration requirements. This brochure is limited to the dissemination of general information pertaining to RPg services. Any subsequent, direct communication by RPg with a prospective client shall be conducted by a representative who is either registered in, or qualifies for an exemption or exclusion from registration in, the state where the prospective client resides. For information pertaining to the registration status of RPg, please contact the SEC or the state securities law administrators for those states in which RPg maintains a notice filing. RPg current written Form ADV Part 2 disclosure statement discussing RPg business operations, services, and fees is available from RPg upon written request or through www.adviserinfo.sec.gov.





 
 

 
 































Contact – RPG Advisory


































 







 











 Contact Us: (925) 384-0071
 



 
 










 





















 



RPG Advisory | Contact
50829
page,page-id-50829,page-template,page-template-full_width,page-template-full_width-php,qode-core-1.0,ajax_fade,page_not_loaded,,brick-ver-1.1, vertical_menu_with_scroll,smooth_scroll,wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-4.11.2.1,vc_responsive





 






Contact Us





Reward yourself by implementing RPg advice.







349 Main Street, Suite 202, Pleasanton, CA 94566
Phone: (925) 384-0071
Fax: (925) 384-0072







 
 

 
 























