










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Rubenstein Properties Fund III, L.P.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:48 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Rubenstein Properties Fund III, L.P.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Rubenstein Properties Fund III, L.P. specializes in real estate investments. It invests in value-add assets in need of renovation in Eastern United States.


2929 Arch Street28th FloorPhiladelphia, PA 19104United StatesFounded in 2015



Phone: 215 399 4436

Fax: 215-563-4110








Key Executives for Rubenstein Properties Fund III, L.P.


Rubenstein Properties Fund III, L.P. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Rubenstein Properties Fund III, L.P., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close















































 



 Rubenstein Properties Fund III, L.P. Closes with $565 Million Committed 
         










    










 













 











 



















Rubenstein Properties Fund III, L.P. Closes with $565 Million Committed
        																																
              

          Investment Manager Focuses on Value-Added Office Property in Eastern United States
        











 News provided by
Rubenstein Partners  
Jan 31, 2017, 14:23 ET









 Share this article



























































PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Rubenstein Partners, L.P., a vertically-integrated real estate investment manager focused on value-added office property opportunities, announced the final closing of Rubenstein Properties Fund III, L.P. This is the third institutional real estate investment vehicle advised by Rubenstein Partners. David B. Rubenstein, Founder and Senior Managing Partner of Rubenstein Partners, made the announcement.


The discretionary real estate private equity fund raised a total of $565 million in capital commitments from a diverse group of investors, including some of the nation's preeminent public and private pension funds, university endowments and family offices.
"We're pleased to announce the final closing of Rubenstein Properties Fund III at a level surpassing the previous two funds, and positioning Fund III to take advantage of value-added office investment opportunities in its target markets," Mr. Rubenstein said. "We're grateful for the continued support from many longstanding investors and are excited to welcome several new investors into the platform."
Rubenstein Properties Fund III, L.P. seeks value-added office property investments in markets throughout the Eastern United States. Rubenstein Properties Fund II, L.P. launched in 2012 and raised $515 million of equity commitments. Rubenstein Properties Fund, L.P. launched in 2005 and raised $475 million of equity commitments.
About Rubenstein Partners
Rubenstein Partners, founded in September 2005, is a private real estate investment management and advisory firm with operations throughout the Eastern United States. The firm is led by its founder, David Rubenstein, and a group of senior real estate executives, and is focused on directing and managing value-added office real estate investments, primarily in the Eastern United States. Rubenstein Partners' predecessor company, The Rubenstein Company, LP and affiliates, founded in 1969, was one of the largest private owner operators of Class A office real estate in the Mid-Atlantic, owning and operating a portfolio of assets valued at approximately $1.2 billion at the time of its disposition in 2004. Since 2005, Rubenstein Partners, on behalf of its investors and clients, has invested in more than 15 million square feet of office real estate assets throughout the Eastern United States. For more information, visit www.rubensteinpartners.com.
Contact: Great Ink Communications, Ltd. 212-741-2977 Eric Waters  Tom Nolan  144295@email4pr.com
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/rubenstein-properties-fund-iii-lp-closes-with-565-million-committed-300399723.html
SOURCE Rubenstein Partners  Related Links

http://www.rubensteinpartners.com




 






















Sep 21, 2016, 08:40 ET
Preview: Rubenstein Partners Acquires Sanctuary Park in Atlanta for $265 Million








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 You just read:
Rubenstein Properties Fund III, L.P. Closes with $565 Million Committed


 News provided by
Rubenstein Partners  
Jan 31, 2017, 14:23 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In



















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 











Rubenstein Properties Fund III, L.P. Closes With $565 Million Committed - TheStreet




























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Rubenstein Properties Fund III, L.P. Closes With $565 Million Committed









PR Newswire




Jan 31, 2017 2:23 PM EST













 


















































  PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Rubenstein Partners, L.P., a vertically-integrated real estate investment manager focused on value-added office property opportunities, announced the final closing of Rubenstein Properties Fund III, L.P. This is the third institutional real estate investment vehicle advised by Rubenstein Partners. David B. Rubenstein, Founder and Senior Managing Partner of Rubenstein Partners, made the announcement. The discretionary real estate private equity fund raised a total of $565 million in capital commitments from a diverse group of investors, including some of the nation's preeminent public and private pension funds, university endowments and family offices. "We're pleased to announce the final closing of Rubenstein Properties Fund III at a level surpassing the previous two funds, and positioning Fund III to take advantage of value-added office investment opportunities in its target markets," Mr. Rubenstein said. "We're grateful for the continued support from many longstanding investors and are excited to welcome several new investors into the platform." Rubenstein Properties Fund III, L.P. seeks value-added office property investments in markets throughout the Eastern United States. Rubenstein Properties Fund II, L.P. launched in 2012 and raised $515 million of equity commitments. Rubenstein Properties Fund, L.P. launched in 2005 and raised $475 million of equity commitments.  About Rubenstein Partners Rubenstein Partners, founded in September 2005, is a private real estate investment management and advisory firm with operations throughout the Eastern United States. The firm is led by its founder, David Rubenstein, and a group of senior real estate executives, and is focused on directing and managing value-added office real estate investments, primarily in the Eastern United States. Rubenstein Partners' predecessor company, The Rubenstein Company, LP and affiliates, founded in 1969, was one of the largest private owner operators of Class A office real estate in the Mid-Atlantic, owning and operating a portfolio of assets valued at approximately $1.2 billion at the time of its disposition in 2004. Since 2005, Rubenstein Partners, on behalf of its investors and clients, has invested in more than 15 million square feet of office real estate assets throughout the Eastern United States. For more information, visit www.rubensteinpartners.com.  



 








 































































 











Trending


Starbucks Shares Are Crashing; Go Out and Buy!


Here's How You Can Get a Decent Job at Amazon on August 2


Tesla's Model 3 Arrives on Friday -- Here's Everything You Need to Know About This Over-Hyped Ride


Amazon's Disappointment Sinks Wall Street


Don't Buy the Hype, Twitter Isn't Dead Yet; AT&T, Verizon Prove Their Worth











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















RUBENSTEIN PROPERTIES FUND III, L.P. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      RUBENSTEIN PROPERTIES FUND III, L.P.
                    

•   PHILADELPHIA, PA
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Rubenstein Properties Fund Iii is based out of Philadelphia.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-11-28.  The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 4



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from RUBENSTEIN PROPERTIES FUND III, L.P., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




rubenstein properties fund iii, l.p.


C/O RUBENSTEIN PARTNERS, CIRA CENTRE

PHILADELPHIA
PA
                                                        
                                                    19104-2868


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      215-399-4624







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 11/28/2016
D/A filed on 04/27/2016
D filed on 05/13/2015
D filed on 05/13/2015
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-11-28
D/A
OTHER REAL ESTATE

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
510,620,000
INDEFINITE


2016-04-27
D/A
OTHER REAL ESTATE

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
368,125,000
INDEFINITE


2015-05-13
D
OTHER REAL ESTATE

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
0
INDEFINITE


2015-05-13
D
OTHER REAL ESTATE

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
0
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




GENERAL PARTNER   RUBENSTEIN PROPERTIES FUND III GP, LP

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



GENERAL PARTNER OF THE GENERAL PARTNER   RUBENSTEIN PROPERTIES FUND III GP, LLC

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free

























































Rubenstein Properties Fund III, L.P. Closes with $565 Million Committed - The Business Journals



































Menu









Select a City



National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita

















Limited Time Offer
Subscribe Now







 Search


× Close











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 




Your Account


Welcome
Your Account 










Sign In
Existing Users




Create Your FREE Account
Don't have an account?




 






Your Account




Subscriptions




Newsletters


 

Custom Notifications




My Custom Site




Manage Site Users


 

Sign Out











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 











 Search








 Home




Industries & Topics 




All Industries & Topics



Banking & Financial Services




Career & Workplace




Commercial Real Estate




Education




Energy




Food & Lifestyle




Government & Regulations




Health Care




Manufacturing




Media & Marketing




Philanthropy & Nonprofits




Professional Services




Residential Real Estate




Retailing




Sports Business




Technology




Transportation




Travel & Tourism




Sponsored Content



CRE Now




We Value Your Business




Office Environments




Small Business Marketing




Know Your Neighborhood










News 





News



Latest News




Business Pulse




Press Releases






 


Lists & Awards 





Lists



All Lists




Build Your Own Lists






 


People & Companies 





Companies



Top Private Companies




Find Businesses for Sale




Search for Company News





People



People on the Move




Contact Top Executives




Executive Profiles




Search for People in the News






 


Events 





Events



Business Event Calendar




Nominations






 


More… 






Jobs
Find or post a job




Store
Subscriptions, reprints & more









How To
Grow your business, advance your career




Thought Leadership
Trends, tips and insights from our partners





 


Subscribers 








Manage your Account






 


About & Contact 








About The Business Journals




Advertise




Help & FAQs




Call Center Directory






 


Apps & Syndication 








Newsletters






 


ACBJ Publications 








Bizwomen




Upstart




Hemmings




Sports Business Journal




Inside Lacrosse




BostInno




DCInno




ChicagoInno




AustinInno






 


Select a City 




National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita







Follow us




 Twitter


 LinkedIn


 Facebook


 Google +













 






Press Releases



Rubenstein Properties Fund III, L.P. Closes with $565 Million Committed

Investment Manager Focuses on Value-Added Office Property in Eastern United States




Jan 31, 2017, 2:23pm EST














PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Rubenstein Partners, L.P., a vertically-integrated real estate investment manager focused on value-added office property opportunities, announced the final closing of Rubenstein Properties Fund III, L.P. This is the third institutional real estate investment vehicle advised by Rubenstein Partners. David B. Rubenstein, Founder and Senior Managing Partner of Rubenstein Partners, made the announcement.
The discretionary real estate private equity fund raised a total of $565 million in capital commitments from a diverse group of investors, including some of the nation's preeminent public and private pension funds, university endowments and family offices.
"We're pleased to announce the final closing of Rubenstein Properties Fund III at a level surpassing the previous two funds, and positioning Fund III to take advantage of value-added office investment opportunities in its target markets," Mr. Rubenstein said. "We're grateful for the continued support from many longstanding investors and are excited to welcome several new investors into the platform."
Rubenstein Properties Fund III, L.P. seeks value-added office property investments in markets throughout the Eastern United States. Rubenstein Properties Fund II, L.P. launched in 2012 and raised $515 million of equity commitments. Rubenstein Properties Fund, L.P. launched in 2005 and raised $475 million of equity commitments.
About Rubenstein Partners
Rubenstein Partners, founded in September 2005, is a private real estate investment management and advisory firm with operations throughout the Eastern United States. The firm is led by its founder, David Rubenstein, and a group of senior real estate executives, and is focused on directing and managing value-added office real estate investments, primarily in the Eastern United States. Rubenstein Partners' predecessor company, The Rubenstein Company, LP and affiliates, founded in 1969, was one of the largest private owner operators of Class A office real estate in the Mid-Atlantic, owning and operating a portfolio of assets valued at approximately $1.2 billion at the time of its disposition in 2004. Since 2005, Rubenstein Partners, on behalf of its investors and clients, has invested in more than 15 million square feet of office real estate assets throughout the Eastern United States. For more information, visit www.rubensteinpartners.com.
Contact: Great Ink Communications, Ltd. 212-741-2977 Eric Waters  Tom Nolan  144295@email4pr.com
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/rubenstein-properties-fund-iii-lp-closes-with-565-million-committed-300399723.html
SOURCE  Rubenstein Partners




The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. All rights reserved. Reproduction or redistribution of this content without prior written consent from PR Newswire is strictly prohibited.  is not responsible for this content. Learn more about this service.








 





 





About PR Newswire







                                            The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. The Business Journals is not responsible for this content.
                                        



Learn More







 









 
 


 


  


 










Rubenstein Partners | Providing Leading Real Estate Investment Management and Advisory Services in Office Markets Throughout the Eastern United States
























































Rubenstein Partners









 













Sanctuary Park in Atlanta Features First Two Buildings in Georgia  to Pursue LEED Recertification through the Arc Performance Platform
Rubenstein Partners, L.P., a vertically-integrated real estate investment manager focused on value-added office property opportunities, is announcing that Lake View II and The Falls in Sanctuary Park, a 1.6 million-square-foot office park complex in the North Fulton submarket of Atlanta, have achieved LEED recertification through Arc, arcskoru.com, the new performance platform launched by Green Business […]




25 Kent Achieves Wired Certified Platinum Designation, First Ever for a Ground-Up Development in Brooklyn
Brooklyn’s First New Office and Production Development in over 40 years, Developed by Rubenstein Partners and Heritage Equity Partners, Achieves WiredScore’s Highest Certification WiredScore, the company behind the world’s leading rating system for technological capacity in commercial buildings, together with developers Rubenstein Partners and Heritage Equity Partners, announced today that 25 Kent, an eight-story Class […]




Rubenstein Partners and Trammell Crow Company Announce New Leases and Expansions at Maryland Trade Center III
Multiple Transactions Total Nearly 33,000 Square-Feet of Space at Renovated Class-A Building January 9, 2017 – Philadelphia – Rubenstein Partners, L.P., (including its affiliates, “Rubenstein”), in partnership with Trammell Crow Company, is announcing several new lease commitments and expansions totaling nearly 33,000 square feet at Maryland Trade Center III, a 192,000-square-foot Class A office property […]




Rubenstein Partners Acquires 11493 Sunset Hills Road for $18.6 Million
Plans to Reposition and Re-Tenant Vacant Building in Reston Submarket of Northern Virginia; Appoints Newmark Grubb Knight Frank as Exclusive Leasing Agent and Takes Aim at Tech Users  November 10, 2016 – Philadelphia – Rubenstein Partners, L.P., a vertically-integrated real estate investment manager focused on value-added office property opportunities, announced the acquisition of 11493 Sunset […]


 















The Firm
 




Overview
Rubenstein Partners is a fully integrated real estate investment firm providing first-class investment services, as a Registered Investment Advisor, in office markets throughout the Eastern United States.We believe in superior results through specialization and therefore focus on a single asset class (office), a single segment of the risk spectrum (value-added), and a specific geography (the Eastern United States). Our goal is to consistently generate outsized risk-adjusted returns for our clients through a variety of skills including creative acquisitions, “hands on” asset management, entrepreneurial repositionings, and timely dispositions. These investments are structured across the real estate capital stack; however, we typically focus on traditional, controlling investments both with and without local operating partners.
We currently manage three fully discretionary closed-end funds — Rubenstein Properties Fund I, a $475 million private equity fund closed in 2006, and Rubenstein Properties Fund II, a $515 million private equity fund that is in its investment period, and Fund III an additional fund in its investment period — as well as some legacy assets related to the firm’s predecessor company.


History
Rubenstein Partners was founded in 2005 after the predecessor company was disposed of in 2004.The predecessor company to Rubenstein Partners comprised a vertically integrated platform focusing on commercial office in the Eastern United States which, at its peak, was one of the largest private investors in office real estate in the Mid-Atlantic by square footage. After liquidating, David Rubenstein and several other key members of the former senior management team formed Rubenstein Partners which closed on its first fund in May 2006. Since then, Rubenstein Partners has become a Registered Investment Advisor with established offices in Boston, New York, New Jersey, Philadelphia, Washington, DC and Atlanta.


Approach
Rubenstein Partners primarily focuses on complex office real estate investments, including assets requiring major redevelopment or recapitalization.As a result of our history as a vertically-integrated operator, our management team possesses an extensive real estate background across a variety of disciplines, including redevelopment and construction, property management, operations and engineering, leasing, asset management, transactions, legal and accounting.  We therefore target complex investments that enable us to utilize our in-house expertise to mitigate real estate risk while simultaneously maintaining the outsized returns associated with such complex transactions, resulting in the attractive risk/return proposition we offer to our investors.  These outsized risk-adjusted returns are a result of our ability to create alpha through a combination of creative acquisitions, “hands-on” asset management, entrepreneurial repositionings and timely dispositions.
Our depth enables us to directly operate properties acquired by our private equity funds; however, we typically joint venture with local operating partners to leverage ourselves on a day-to-day basis.


Present
Rubenstein Partners currently manages two closed-end private equity funds with equity commitments in the amounts of $475 million and $515 million, respectively. Fund I was established in late 2005 and quickly closed in May 2006 with a diverse group of institutional investors, including educational endowments, public and private pension funds, and high net worth individuals. Investment activities in Fund I concluded in 2012 and we continue to manage assets acquired therein. Fund II commenced activities in mid-2012 and has $515 million in commitments from a similar investor base as Fund I. We are currently actively investing on behalf of Fund II.

 
 
 
Specializing in value-added office investments throughout the Eastern United States





Meet the Team

 










 


Bruce Balderson General Counsel

As General Counsel, Bruce participates, from the legal perspective, in the firm’s acquisition, disposition, development, leasing, management, financing and construction processes, and oversees the activities of the various outside counsel used by the firm. Bruce joined the predecessor company in 1998 and became General Counsel in 2005. He has significant experience in commercial real estate acquisition, disposition, financing and leasing transactions.
From 1988 to 1993, Bruce was an attorney in the Philadelphia office of the law firm of Dechert LLP, as a member of the firm’s real estate department. Subsequent to this experience, Bruce was a member of the Blank Rome LLP’s real estate department.
In 1985, Bruce graduated from Dickinson College, magna cum laude, with a Bachelor of Arts in Economics.  In 1988, he graduated from the University of Pennsylvania Law School, cum laude, with a Juris Doctor degree and was a member of Penn Law’s Moot Court Board. Bruce also studied at the London School of Economics and Political Science in London, England, and at Cambridge University in Cambridge, England. Bruce is a member of the Association of Corporate Counsel. He is a former member of Dickinson College’s Alumni Council and the Board of Directors of the Southeastern Pennsylvania affiliate of the American Heart Association.

215.399.4480
rbbalderson@rubensteinpartners.com

Back







 


Bruce Balderson
General Counsel
 

 



 


Stephen Card Regional Director of Mid-Atlantic

Stephen is responsible for the Mid-Atlantic region. He is responsible for sourcing, evaluating and executing new acquisitions. Steve became a member of Rubenstein Partners in early 2008. Key investments while at Rubenstein include 1150 Northbrook, Princeton South Corporate Center, The Crossings @ Jefferson Park, 30 Montgomery, One Washington Square, 211 Mount Airy Road and 67 Whippany.
Prior to Rubenstein Partners, Stephen worked at Starwood Capital’s U.S. acquisition group where he was responsible for sourcing, negotiating and underwriting opportunistic investments covering all real estate asset classes. In 2002 he joined Catterton Partners, a middle-market private equity firm with over $2 billion in capital under management, specializing in acquisitions and asset management of restaurants, retail and consumer companies throughout the United States. Stephen executed and closed over $500 million in transactions and assisted with strategic advisory, structured and negotiated financings, and managed asset management for existing portfolio companies. Stephen began his career in Investment Banking with Merrill Lynch as an analyst in the Retail and Consumer Products Group where he participated on advisory teams that originated and executed a full range of financial and strategic alternatives for companies in the retail and consumer products industries.
Stephen graduated from Duke University with a Bachelor of Science in 2000. He graduated from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in 2007 with an MBA in Real Estate.

215.399.4624
scard@rubensteinpartners.com

Back







 


Stephen Card
Regional Director of Mid-Atlantic
 

 






Deborah Cheek Chief Accounting Officer

Deborah is responsible for all accounting and financial reporting associated with all funds, their respective investments, Rubenstein Partners, L.P. and its affiliates, including annual audits and tax preparation. Deborah joined Rubenstein Partners in January 2017.
Prior to joining Rubenstein Partners, Deborah was Chief Accounting Officer for Ramco-Gershenson Properties Trust where she oversaw the company’s internal and external accounting and financial reporting functions, including GAAP financial statement certification and SEC regulatory reporting. Before joining Ramco, Deborah was the Chief Accounting Officer of Equity One, Inc. where she was responsible for the oversight of the company’s internal and external accounting and financial reporting functions, including SEC, REIT and foreign investor reporting. Prior to Equity One, Deborah served as Chief Financial Officer for Landex Corporation and Finance Director of the Mid-Atlantic Region for Kimco Realty Corporation.
Deborah graduated from Towson University with a Bachelor of Arts and earned her MBA from Loyola College.

215.399.4590
dcheek@rubensteinpartners.com

Back










Deborah Cheek
Chief Accounting Officer
 

 



 


Devon Cheshire Vice President of Development & Construction

Devon manages all aspects of development, capital improvement projects and due diligence efforts undertaken by the Firm and its partners. Additionally, Devon performs various asset management functions, including but not limited to lease negotiation, asset and portfolio valuation, financial analysis and dispositions. Devon joined Rubenstein Partners in 2008. Key Rubenstein investments include the Belvoir Corporate Center, 1150 Northbrook, 30 Montgomery, One Washington Square, The Center at Innovation Drive, Maryland Trade Center III, Crossroads Center, Centerpoint and 2900 Eisenhower.
Prior to joining Rubenstein Partners, Devon worked for a project controls consulting firm in Colorado for seven years, and then the Trammell Crow Company for six years. To date, Devon has overseen the successful completion of over 3 million sf of development or redevelopment, including: the completion of multiple educational facilities and a casino/hotel in Colorado; 120,000 sf medical office building and 1,350 car parking structure for The Cleveland Clinic; a 215,000 sf distribution center expansion for Dick’s Sporting Goods; over 325,000 sf of office fit-out work, and 250,000 sf of medical office space zoning and entitlements, associated structured parking and 28 townhouses for Main Line Health in the Philadelphia suburbs. More recently, Devon has successfully completed, or is currently executing over 1.5 million sf of ground up or redevelopment projects for the Firm.
Devon is a 1995 graduate of the University of Colorado where he earned a Bachelor of Science in Architectural Engineering and Construction Management and received his MBA from Carnegie Mellon University in 2003. He is a Member of the Urban Land Institute and the Children’s Heart Foundation.

215.399.4494
dcheshire@rubensteinpartners.com

Back







 


Devon Cheshire
Vice President of Development & Construction
 

 



 


Salvatore Dragone Director of Property Management

Salvatore Dragone oversees the management and operations of all Fund’s assets and is an integral part of Rubenstein Partners’ acquisition efforts. Sal joined Rubenstein Partners in 2006.
Prior to joining Rubenstein Partners, Sal was a Regional Vice President of Property Management with Liberty Property Trust, where he oversaw the property management operations of over 18 million sf of office, flex and industrial space. Since 1989, Sal has worked in all aspects of the real estate management field for both small and large developers throughout the Eastern United States. In that time, Sal earned the designations of ARM, CPM, and CCIM and has held positions as a property manager, general manager, regional manager, director and vice president; his list of past and current clients include many of Fortune’s 100 top companies. Throughout his career, Sal has had an affinity for customer service, creating value through operations and exceeding the needs of his clients.
Sal is a graduate of Drexel University where he received his MBA from Drexel’s LeBow College of Business. Sal is also member of the Institute of Real Estate Management and has earned the CPM and ARM designation, a member of the Commercial Investment Real Estate Institute, where he holds the designation of CCIM, a licensed real estate professional in New Jersey and Pennsylvania and a member of the Tri-State Association of Realtors. In addition, Sal is an Adjunct Instructor at Drexel University, serves as Vice President of Education for IREM Chapter 3, is on the Board of Directors for the BOMA Philadelphia and has served on Board of Directors of Habitat for Humanity in Burlington County, NJ, as both a member and Vice President and on the Board of Families in Crises Foundation.

215.399.4606
sdragone@rubensteinpartners.com

Back







 


Salvatore Dragone
Director of Property Management
 

 



 


Stephen Evans Regional Director of Washington, DC

Steve is responsible for spearheading acquisition and asset management efforts in the greater Washington, DC area – from Baltimore to Richmond – and also covers Nashville, TN.  Steve is an initial member of the Investment Committee. Over his 25 year career, Steve has developed and acquired investments on the East Coast totaling more than a billion dollars and asset managed 2.5 million sf of mostly office assets in the greater Washington, DC market.
Steve re-joins the senior management of Rubenstein Partners, as he was Vice President and Director of Development for the predecessor company between 1998 and 2003. Collaborating with Eric Schiela, Steve was involved in the entitlement and development of Valley Creek Corporate Center, the development of “The Greens” in Northern Virginia and projects in Atlanta and Pittsburgh, among others. Prior to re-joining the firm, Steve was a Senior Vice President and Director of Acquisitions and Asset Management for KBS Realty Advisors, from 2009 to 2013, for which he was responsible for sourcing new investments in the Mid-Atlantic and Southeast Regions and overseeing asset management of a 1.75 million sf office portfolio in Metro Washington, DC. Before KBS, Steve held Senior Acquisition and Asset Management positions at Carr Properties and Lowe Enterprises and spent his early career at Cassidy Turley and JMB Realty Corporation.
A native Washingtonian and resident of Mclean, VA., Steve graduated from Vanderbilt University. Steve was a founding member of the George Washington University Center for Real Estate and Urban Analysis Advisory Board and is active in the real estate community.

202.864.4140
sevans@rubensteinpartners.com

Back







 


Stephen Evans
Regional Director of Washington, DC
 

 



 


Rick Furches Director of Development

Rick serves as Director of Development. He is responsible for all planning, design, approval, construction and development related issues regarding Rubenstein Partners owned real estate and properties that we are considering for acquisition. Rick joined Rubenstein Partners in 2006. Key investments include Lenovo Enterprise Campus, 67 Whippany, Crossroads Center, Centerpoint, Cleveland Flats East, Westview Corporate Center, 211 Mount Airy Road and The Crossings @ Jefferson Park.
Prior to Rubenstein Partners, Rick served as Senior Vice President of Development at The Fox Companies. Over the course of sixteen years with The Fox Companies, Rick was responsible for the design, approval and construction of over 3 million sf of corporate office, commercial, and sports and entertainment buildings costing approximately $1 billion. His career has included such projects as the Wachovia Center (a 750,000 sf state of the art sports arena which is home to the Philadelphia 76ers and Flyers), Chesterbrook Corporate Center (numerous buildings in a 900 acre mixed use development in PA) and The Aspen Club and Spa in Aspen, CO. Earlier, Rick served as Project Engineer for Buford T Lumsden and also held several positions at R M Shoemaker Co.
Rick graduated from Princeton University in 1980 with a Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering.

215.399.4496
rfurches@rubensteinpartners.com

Back







 


Rick Furches
Director of Development
 

 



 


Brandon Huffman Portfolio Manager - Equity Investments

Brandon has been with the firm since 2008 and is responsible for the Midwest region. In this role, he is responsible for sourcing, evaluating and executing new acquisitions, as well as all aspects of asset management within the region. Key investments include Cleveland Flats East, 2900 Eisenhower, Lee’s Hill II, Belvoir Corporate Center, Schaeffer Site, Maryland Trade Center III, Embassy Parkway Portfolio, 312 Elm Street and 312 Plum Street. In addition, Brandon serves as the firm’s Director of Investor Relations and is responsible for the company’s fundraising activities.
Prior to joining Rubenstein Partners, Brandon spent two years at Wachovia Securities in the Real Estate Leveraged Finance Group where he was part of a team that originated and syndicated construction loans for commercial and residential properties throughout the Southeastern United States as well as corporate credit facilities for large, national homebuilders.
Brandon graduated from the University of Virginia with a Bachelor of Science in Commerce with a concentration in Finance and a Bachelor of Arts in Spanish.

215.399.4720
bhuffman@rubensteinpartners.com

Back







 


Brandon Huffman
Portfolio Manager - Equity Investments
 

 



 


Jeremiah Kane Regional Director of New York City

Jeremiah is the Director of New York City. Jeremiah joined Rubenstein Partners in 2013 and is responsible for sourcing, evaluating and executing new acquisitions. In addition, he is responsible for working with lending institutions and capital partners in the New York region.
Prior to joining Rubenstein Partners, Jeremiah worked as strategic advisor to various real estate development companies on portfolio recapitalization, acquisitions and DPO transactions.  Jeremiah served as Director of Acquisitions at the Paramount Group where he was responsible for all aspects of the property acquisition process and was part of a team that executed over $4 billion in property acquisitions and $1 billion in dispositions.
Jeremiah graduated from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania with a Bachelor of Science in Economics and an MBA majoring in Real Estate and Finance.

212.542.5826
jkane@rubensteinpartners.com

Back







 


Jeremiah Kane
Regional Director of New York City
 

 



 


Jeffrey Kusumi Chief Compliance Officer 

Jeff works directly with the Chief Executive Officer on many initiatives related to corporate areas as well as issues related to investor relations, corporate and property financings, and risk management. Jeff implements and monitors all of the compliance standards required by the Registered Investment Act. Jeff joined the predecessor company in 1998 as Director of Corporate Operations. Key Rubenstein investments include Cleveland Flats East and projects involving tax credits and other governmental incentives.
From 1996 to 1998, Jeff was Vice President of ACG Professionals, a real estate consulting company focused on large scale financial modeling and acquisitions due diligence for REITs, investment banks and real estate development companies. From 1991 to 1996, he was the Principal of Urban Land Consulting, a real estate consulting company engaged in mortgage banking and real estate development for senior housing and low-income housing tax-credit projects. From 1989 to 1991, he was the General Securities Principal for a capital syndication subsidiary and Assistant-to-the-President of EIC Group in San Francisco, an investment management company selling real estate investments to Asian overseas investors. From 1986 to 1988, Jeff worked as a Financial Analyst and Leasing Assistant for Wright, Runstad & Company, a high-rise office developer in Seattle.
Jeff graduated cum laude from Harvard University with an Bachelor of Arts in Economics. He also has a Masters of Science degree in Real Estate Development from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a Juris Doctor degree from the University of Washington, School of Law. Jeff has been NASD Series 7 and 24 licensed, a real estate broker, and is a member of the Washington State Bar Association.

215.399.4532
jkusumi@rubensteinpartners.com 

Back







 


Jeffrey Kusumi
Chief Compliance Officer 
 

 






Read Mortimer Vice President

Read is responsible for the asset management of certain existing properties. Additionally, he is responsible for sourcing, evaluating and executing new acquisitions in certain target markets. Read joined Rubenstein Partners in August 2016.
Prior to joining Rubenstein Partners, Read was a Vice President with Starwood Capital Group where he oversaw office and distressed debt investments – including responsibility for the oversight of a nationwide office portfolio consisting of 11.9M SF spread across 90+ individual buildings. Before joining Starwood, Read was on the acquisitions team at TA Associates Realty where he was responsible for sourcing, underwriting and structuring office, industrial and multifamily acquisitions. Prior to his role at TA, Read worked at Mesa West Capital in the originations group and as a real estate attorney with King & Spalding.
Read graduated from the University of Pennsylvania magna cum laude with a Bachelor of Arts, received his J.D. from the University of Virginia and earned his Master of Real Estate Development from the University of Southern California.

215-399-4726
RMortimer@rubensteinpartners.com

Back










Read Mortimer
Vice President
 

 



 


David Rubenstein Founder & Senior Managing Partner

David is responsible for developing and implementing the overall strategic initiatives for the Fund Manager. He oversees the operation of the various departments, and plays a particularly active role in all investment and corporate finance activities. He regularly meets with the asset managers to assess the operating status of all the properties in the portfolio, as well as to assess the industry issues that they are facing while operating their properties. Similarly, David regularly meets with key employees and local operating partners to discuss the latest market conditions in each of the relevant submarkets as well as any significant operational decisions related to tenants or the properties in general. David is known to be one of the more “hands on” fund managers in the business.
From 1987 to 1989, David worked as an acquisition specialist for JMB Realty Corporation in Chicago, where he analyzed real estate markets and potential acquisitions nationwide. He provided full analytical and market analysis on each potential acquisition on which he worked. In 1990, he interned at Morgan Stanley in the Mergers and Acquisitions Department. David joined the predecessor company in 1991 as Director of Acquisitions and subsequently became President in 1997, and CEO in 2001. His vision, market knowledge and analytical acumen have kept the Fund Manager at the cutting edge of the office investment industry.
David graduated from Duke University in 1987 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics. He graduated from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in 1991 with a MBA in Finance.
David is a member of the Urban Land Institute and the Samuel Zell and Robert Lurie Real Estate Center at the Wharton School. He is on the Board of the Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia serving on the executive committee. He is also a member of the Young Presidents Organization (YPO).
Back







 


David Rubenstein
Founder & Senior Managing Partner
 

 



 


Mark Rubenstein Special Senior Advisor

As founder of the predecessor company, and its steward for over thirty years, Mark is recognized as one of the preeminent leaders of the commercial real estate industry. He provides Rubenstein Partners with extraordinary perspective and insight gained through his many years of experience.
In 1965, Mark joined Builders Development and Service Company of Philadelphia. While employed there, he managed in excess of 1,500 apartment units in Pennsylvania and Delaware and developed over 700 new units along with two branch banks, a convenience food market, a 33,200 square foot supermarket and the first phase (200,000 square feet) of an enclosed regional mall shopping center. During this period, he also planned, zoned, developed and sold several hundred acres of land as tracts for single-family housing.
In June 1969, Mark formed The Rubenstein Company, which then assumed responsibility for the completion and future management of all the projects at his former employer that were still in the developmental stages. The basic construction and bookkeeping staff of the former company joined his firm.
In a measured program over thirty-five years, Mark guided development of the predecessor company into a full service real estate company with capacity for acquisition, development, construction, leasing, management and financing of substantial real estate projects.
Mark graduated from Johns Hopkins University with a Bachelor of Science in 1962 and a earned a Masters in Engineering in 1965. He is a Trustee Emeritus of Johns Hopkins University, where he served on the Executive Committee, Buildings and Grounds Committee, was Chairman of the Finance Committee and was on the Principal Gifts Committee. Mark is also a Trustee Emeritus of Johns Hopkins Medicine, a Trustee of the Philadelphia Museum of Art, where he is a member of the Executive Committee and is Chairman of the Buildings and Grounds Committee, and a Trustee of the Curtis Institute of Music.
Back







 


Mark Rubenstein
Special Senior Advisor
 

 



 


Eric Schiela Managing Principal & Chief Operating Officer

Eric is responsible for overseeing and coordinating the day-to-day activities of the firm’s operations, and provides particular focus on investments with extensive redevelopment/repositioning aspects. In addition, he directs the planning and implementation of various strategic initiatives that drive the financial and operating performance of the firm. He has also provided particular focus on firm’s investment in 67 Whippany, including the sale and redevelopment of a portion of the campus to Bayer Healthcare and the 185,000 sf MetLife build-to-suit on the southern portion of the campus.
As a Development/Asset Manager with the predecessor company, Eric was responsible for the site plan approvals for Valley Creek Corporate Center North, a 1.2 million sf, master planned, three phase office development, and the repositioning of Radnor Financial Center, a 1.5 million sf conversion of an 11 building corporate campus to a Class A, multi-tenant environment. Early in his career, Eric worked as a Project Manager for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers where he managed the planning, design and construction of new buildings, infrastructure and building rehabilitation projects for the U.S. Air Force and U.S. Army. In addition, he was responsible for managing investigation, design and construction phases of environmental remediation projects under the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s Superfund program.
Eric holds a Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering from the University of Notre Dame, a Masters in Civil Engineering from Villanova University and a MBA from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. He is a former Professional Engineer in Pennsylvania.

215.399.4764
eschiela@rubensteinpartners.com

Back







 


Eric Schiela
Managing Principal & Chief Operating Officer
 

 



 


Deke Schultze Regional Director of New England

Deke is responsible for spearheading the firm’s investment activities in the New England region. Since joining in 2008, key investments include The Center at Innovation Drive, Centerpoint, 55 Walkers Brook Drive and Crossroads Center.
Before joining Rubenstein Partners, Deke spent ten years in various senior management roles at ING Clarion with responsibilities encompassing acquisitions, capital markets, asset management and property management. As acquisitions officer for the New England region between 2005 and 2008 he acquired assets totaling over $730 million in gross investment value covering over 2.5 million sf across multiple property types and risk profiles. He also served as co-chair of ING Clarion’s Sustainability Task Force which developed and implemented the firm’s Sustainable Growth Program promoting green building and smart growth best practices across its investment portfolio and corporate operations. Prior responsibilities included the direction of a portfolio of suburban Boston office assets totaling over 1.2 million sf and valued in excess of $300 million including developing and executing all asset level strategies and directing property management, leasing, operations and capital budgeting. During this time, he directed leasing of over 300,000 sf and oversaw dispositions totaling over $125 million. Prior asset management responsibilities included those for a New England portfolio of assets valued in excess of one billion dollars.
Deke graduated from Dartmouth College in 1992 with an Bachelor of Arts and earned his MBA from Rice University in 1994.

617.502.9496
dschultze@rubensteinpartners.com

Back







 


Deke Schultze
Regional Director of New England
 

 



 


Tim Skender North Carolina Region

Tim is responsible for sourcing, evaluating, and executing new investments in the Carolinas. Tim joined Rubenstein Partners in January 2016.
Before joining Rubenstein Partners, Tim worked at Spear Street Capital where he focused on the acquisition and asset management of select office properties across the United States. From 2008 to 2011, he worked for the Harvard Management Company where he helped invest and manage a global portfolio of direct and indirect real estate investments on behalf of the Harvard University endowment. During the course of his career in real estate investing, Tim has executed over $1.5 billion in property-level transactions. Tim began his career with Wachovia Securities as an analyst in the Real Estate Investment Banking division. At Wachovia, Tim participated in advisory and capital markets teams that originated and executed a full range of financial and strategic alternatives for REITs and other real estate clients.
A native North Carolinian, Tim graduated from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 2006 with a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration and Media Studies. In 2013, he graduated from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania with an MBA in Real Estate.

215.399.4526
tskender@rubensteinpartners.com

Back







 


Tim Skender
North Carolina Region
 

 



 


Taylor Smith Regional Director of Southeast

Taylor is responsible for sourcing, evaluating, and executing new investments in the Southeast.  Additionally, he is responsible for the asset management of existing properties in these markets.  Taylor joined Rubenstein Partners in September 2015.
Prior to joining Rubenstein Partners, Taylor worked at Tishman Speyer for 8 years where he was focused on acquisitions, development and asset management responsibilities in the firm’s Atlanta office.  From 2005 to 2007, he worked at HFF, where he closed over $2.3 billion in 19 real estate transactions.  Taylor began his career in investment banking first with Deutsche Bank Securities, as part of their corporate finance health care group and later with a boutique investment bank, ThinkEquity Partners.
Taylor graduated from Princeton University in 2001 with a Bachelor of Arts.

404.566.5904
tsmith@rubensteinpartners.com

Back







 


Taylor Smith
Regional Director of Southeast
 

 



 


Mark Turner Associate General Counsel

Mark participates, from the legal perspective, in the firm’s investment activities.  Mark joined Rubenstein Partners in November 2015.
Prior to joining Rubenstein Partners, Mark was an attorney at Dechert LLP in Philadelphia where he focused on real estate finance and investing.  Prior to Dechert, Mark was an attorney at Paul Hastings in San Francisco.
Mark graduated from Yale University in 2006 with a Bachelor of Arts and received his Juris Doctor degree from University of California, Berkeley – School of Law in 2010.

215.399.4484
mturner@rubensteinpartners.com

Back







 


Mark Turner
Associate General Counsel
 

 



 


Scott Whittle Director of Finance

Scott is responsible for working with lending institutions and similar capital providers, procuring new debt at both the property and fund level and managing debt across the portfolio in each fund.  Scott joined Rubenstein Partners in July 2015.
Prior to joining Rubenstein Partners, Scott worked at KTR Capital Partners, where he was responsible for debt originations, debt portfolio management and cash management of the funds; the debt portfolio reached over $3.0 billion in total commitments and included portfolio financings, subscription facilities, fund level unsecured debt, build-to-suit and other construction loans as well as CMBS loan assumptions.  From 2006 to 2011, he worked at LBC Credit Partners, a private equity firm focused on lending to middle market companies across the United States.  In 2004, Scott began his career at Duff & Phelps, where he was focused on business valuation financial advisory.
Scott graduated from University of Maryland in 2004 with a Bachelor of Science.

215.399.4620
swhittle@rubensteinpartners.com

Back







 


Scott Whittle
Director of Finance
 

 



 


Craig Zolot Director of Asset Management

Craig works closely with Eric Schiela on numerous asset management activities, including the coordination of operating plans and budgets for all of the properties with the corporate level operating plan, as well as initiating the implementation of best practices throughout the firm’s portfolio. In addition, Craig serves as the asset manager with respect to certain properties, particularly those without third-party operating partners. Over the years, Craig has worked directly on numerous Rubenstein investments, including, most recently, NASCAR Plaza, One Washington Square and several properties located in the Washington, D.C. metro area.
Craig joined the predecessor company in 1994 as a Portfolio Manager. Craig brings extensive experience in portfolio budgeting and forecasting, decision modeling, and project management and organization. In June 1986, Craig joined the Prudential Mortgage Capital Company where, over several years, he originated over $300 million in commercial real estate loans in the Washington, D.C. and Philadelphia markets. In 1991, he was named Director of Mortgage Asset Management for the firm’s Mid-Atlantic office, where he had regional responsibility for loan servicing and workouts. In 1993, Craig joined Coopers & Lybrand, where he oversaw the management, workout and liquidation of a $750 million real estate loan portfolio under a major Resolution Trust Corporation contract.
Craig graduated from The University of Pennsylvania in 1981 with a Bachelor of Science in Economics. He graduated from The Wharton School in 1986 with an MBA in Finance.

215.399.4608
czolot@rubensteinpartners.com

Back







 


Craig Zolot
Director of Asset Management
 

 
 

 
 




 
 
Our platform combines a vertically integrated skillset with discretionary capital





Properties

 







 



 
25 Kent Avenue
We acquired this land parcel located in the dynamic, mixed-use submarket of Williamsburg Brooklyn in December 2015.  We plan to develop a 480,000 sf building with office, light manufacturing/maker space and retail uses.Lenovo Enterprise Campus
We acquired the former Ericsson RTP Campus in December 2013 and leased the entire Property to Lenovo in March 2014 as the headquarters of its newly acquired Enterprise division.  We then sold the Property in February 2015, just 15 months after acquiring the asset fully-vacant.
 



FloridaAtlantaMidwestFeaturedFund IFund IIFund IIIRealizedDC MetroNew EnglandNew JerseyNew YorkPhiladelphia 
















Sanctuary Park




SubmarketNorth Fulton


Square Footage1,6000,000


Occupancy96%


PartnerNot Disclosed




MarketAtlanta


Date AcquiredSeptember 2016


Asset ManagerTaylor Smith



In September 2016, Fund III, acting as general partner, acquired Sanctuary Park in partnership with an affiliate of a leading insurance company. Sanctuary Park is a 1.6 million-square-foot, best in class suburban office campus (9 buildings) in the high-growth North Fulton submarket of Atlanta. Despite having a history of above-market, long-term stabilized occupancy, the partnership acquired Sanctuary Park when the campus’ largest tenant, Verizon, planned to vacate its space reducing occupancy from 96% to 73%. This dynamic and the overall size of the transaction were key factors that limited the buyer pool for the asset. The partnership intends to aggressively pursue re-leasing the large block of quality vacancy left by Verizon, institute a capital plan to revitalize and differentiate the campus from its competition (through the construction an amenity center unique to the submarket) and further integrate the campus into the rapidly densifying micro market surrounding it.



MapWebsite 







 

Atlanta
													North Fulton
Sanctuary Park

Acquired September 2016
 

 












Parkwood Crossing




SubmarketNorth Meridian/Carmel


Square Footage1,209,447


Occupancy85%


PartnerStrategic Capital Partners




MarketIndianapolis


Date AcquiredAugust 2016


Asset ManagerBrandon Huffman



In August 2016, Fund III, in partnership with affiliates of Strategic Capital Partners, acquired Parkwood Crossing, an eight building, 1.2 million square foot office campus located in the North Meridian / Carmel submarket of Indianapolis. The strategy is to aesthetically modernize the Property through a minor repositioning, develop a 10,000 square foot free-standing amenity center which will provide a centralized location for dining, fitness, conference and collaborative working space and simultaneously lease the remaining vacancy.



Map 







 

Indianapolis
													North Meridian/Carmel
Parkwood Crossing

Acquired August 2016
 

 















11493 Sunset Hills Road




SubmarketReston, VA


Square Footage179,545


Occupancy0%


PartnerNone




MarketDC Metro


Date AcquiredSeptember 2016


Asset ManagerStephen Evans



In September 2016, Fund III acquired 11493 Sunset Hills Road in Reston in a privately negotiated, all-cash transaction. The property was acquired from a seller who preferred to exit the investment rather the reposition the asset given its REIT fund structure. The business plan calls for a full repositioning of the asset including the replacement of HVAC and building management systems and an amenity package consisting of a fitness center, conference center, food service, and collaborative interior/exterior space including an outdoor deck. The property is being marketed to large users given the limited blocks of space currently available on the Dulles Toll Road. The location offers an amenity-rich environment and the property is located within walking distance of Metro and the Whole Foods-anchored Plaza America shopping center. The renovation is expected to be completed in 2018.



Map 







 

DC Metro
													Reston, VA
11493 Sunset Hills Road

Acquired September 2016
 

 




































25 Kent Avenue




SubmarketWilliamsburg


Square Footage500,000


OccupancyN/A


PartnerHeritage Equity Partners




MarketBrooklyn


Date AcquiredDecember 2015


Asset ManagerJeremiah Kane



In December 2015, Fund II, in partnership with an affiliate of Heritage Equity Partners, acquired 25 Kent Avenue, an 80,000 sf land parcel located in the dynamic, mixed-use submarket of Williamsburg Brooklyn.   The strategy was to complete the entitlement process and develop a 500,000 sf building with office, light manufacturing/maker space and retail uses.  The partnership achieved ULURP approval in July 2016 and broke ground in August 2016.  25 Kent is on track to be open for occupancy in late Summer 2018.



Map 







 

Brooklyn
													Williamsburg
25 Kent Avenue

Acquired December 2015
 

 


















Carlyle Tower




SubmarketAlexandria, VA


Square Footage365,127


Occupancy6%


PartnerNorthpoint Realty Partners




MarketDC Metro


Date AcquiredSeptember 2015


Asset ManagerStephen Evans



In September 2015, Fund II, in partnership with an affiliate of Northpoint Realty Partners, acquired Carlyle Tower in a privately negotiated, all-cash transaction from a seller in the process of liquidating its holdings.  Prior to this transaction, the seller re-skinned the exterior and gutted the interior; as such, the strategy is to upgrade the existing retail and complete the renovation of the office building to deliver a “like-new” building.  Post-renovation, the partnership intends to reintroduce the Property to the market through an aggressive marketing campaign that will target tenants seeking large blocks of contiguous space within a burgeoning mixed-use submarket, directly across the street from the Metro and National Science Foundation’s new headquarters.  The renovation is expected to be completed in early 2017.



Map 







 

DC Metro
													Alexandria, VA
Carlyle Tower

Acquired September 2015
 

 
























One Washington Square




SubmarketIndependence Hall


Square Footage855,000


OccupancyN/A


PartnerFortress Investment Group




MarketPhiladelphia


Date AcquiredNovember 2013


Asset ManagerCraig Zolot



In November 2013, Fund II, in partnership with an affiliate of Fortress Investment Group, acquired the Property via a note purchase from a special servicer.  Post-closing, the partnership completed a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure, rebranded (including a new name) and reintroduced the Property to the market and completed a capital improvement plan, which focused on the Property's main lobbies and common areas.  The partnership subsequently completed over 90,000 sf of new leasing, and sold the office portion of the Property in June 2016.



Map 







 

Philadelphia
													Independence Hall
One Washington Square

Acquired November 2013
 

 
























30 Montgomery




SubmarketHudson Waterfront


Square Footage312,730


OccupancyN/A


PartnerOnyx Equities




MarketNorthern New Jersey


Date AcquiredDecember 2013


Asset ManagerStephen Card



In December 2013, Fund II acquired 30 Montgomery in partnership with an affiliate of Onyx Equities, the existing operating partner of the selling venture, essentially replacing the existing capital partner.  Post-closing, the partnership completed a significant capital improvement plan, which focused on improving the building’s exterior appearance (including a new window system) and creating an expanded street-level lobby/retail presence.  The partnership is actively marketing the remaining vacancy to prospective tenants. The Property was subsequently sold in July 2016.



Map 







 

Northern New Jersey
													Hudson Waterfront
30 Montgomery

Acquired December 2013
 

 






























Lenovo Enterprise Campus




SubmarketRTP / I-40


Square Footage485,602


OccupancyN/A


PartnerGrubb Properties




MarketRaleigh / Durham


Date AcquiredDecember 2013


Asset ManagerTaylor Smith



In December 2013, Fund II, in partnership with an affiliate of Grubb Properties, acquired this asset fully-vacant from its corporate owner, Ericsson, Inc., in a privately negotiated process.  In March 2014, months after closing, a long-term, single tenant net lease was signed with Lenovo for the entire Property.  The Property was subsequently sold in February 2015, just 15 months after acquiring the Property fully-vacant.



Map 







 

Raleigh / Durham
													RTP / I-40
Lenovo Enterprise Campus

Acquired December 2013
 

 




































211 Mount Airy Road




SubmarketRoute 78 East


Square Footage306,194


Occupancy100%


PartnerOnyx Equities




MarketNorthern New Jersey


Date AcquiredSeptember 2013


Asset ManagerStephen Card



In September 2013, Fund II, in partnership with an affiliate of Onyx Equities, acquired 211 Mount Airy Road from its corporate owner, Avaya, Inc.; prior to this transaction, Avaya completed a short-term lease-back for a third of the Property, leaving the remaining two-thirds vacant.  Post-closing, the partnership completed an extensive redevelopment, which included a new façade and upgraded amenity package.  The partnership is actively marketing the vacancy and has had discussions with several large tenant prospects for long-term leases. In April 2016, the partnership signed a 16-year, full-building (306,194 SF) lease with Daiichi Sankyo, Inc.



Map 







 

Northern New Jersey
													Route 78 East
211 Mount Airy Road

Acquired September 2013
 

 





















Warren Corporate Center




SubmarketRoute 78 East


Square Footage832,000 RSF


Occupancy82%


PartnerVision Real Estate Partners




MarketNorthern New Jersey


Date AcquiredMarch 2016


Asset ManagerStephen Card



In March 2016, Fund II, in partnership with an affiliate of Vision Real Estate Partners, acquired Warren Corporate Center, a five building (832,000 sf) office campus located in Warren, NJ.  The strategy is to implement a capital improvement plan focused on improving campus-wide amenities and subsequently reintroduce the Property to the market through an aggressive marketing campaign that will target corporate headquarter and large block users.



Map 







 

Northern New Jersey
													Route 78 East
Warren Corporate Center

Acquired March 2016
 

 
























312 Elm Street




SubmarketCBD


Square Footage378,786


Occupancy85%


PartnerStrategic Capital Partners & Parkway Corporation




MarketCincinnati 


Date AcquiredFebruary 2015


Asset ManagerBrandon Huffman



In February 2015, Fund II, in partnership with affiliates of Strategic Capital Partners and Parkway Corporation, acquired 312 Elm Street located in downtown Cincinnati.  The strategy is to aesthetically modernize the Property and simultaneously lease the remaining vacancy.  The lobby renovations have commenced and the partnership is actively marketing the vacancy to prospective tenants.



Map 







 

Cincinnati 
													CBD
312 Elm Street

Acquired February 2015
 

 












Wanamaker Building




SubmarketMarket East


Square Footage1,400,821


Occupancy97%


Partner




MarketPhiladelphia


Date AcquiredJanuary 2017


Asset ManagerStephen Card



In January 2017, Fund II acquired a controlling interest in entities that own the Wanamaker Building, a 1.4 million sf office and retail building and garage located in Center City, Philadelphia.  The strategy is to implement a capital improvement program focused on modernizing the main lobby and common areas and subsequently reintroduce the Property to the market through an aggressive marketing campaign that will target creative tenants.



Map 







 

Philadelphia
													Market East
Wanamaker Building

Acquired January 2017
 

 






























Centerpoint




Submarket128 Central


Square Footage499,869


Occupancy86%


PartnerSaracen Properties




MarketBoston


Date AcquiredFebruary 2013


Asset ManagerDeke Schultze



In February 2013, Fund II acquired Centerpoint in partnership with an affiliate of Saracen Properties, the existing operating partner of the selling venture, essentially replacing the existing capital partner.  Post-closing, the partnership completed a significant renovation, which included vacant suite improvements and an exterior grounds master plan, and has leased a majority of the vacancy.



Map 







 

Boston
													128 Central
Centerpoint

Acquired February 2013
 

 















Centerstone at Tysons




SubmarketTysons, VA


Square Footage150,515


Occupancy100%


PartnerGriffith Properties




MarketDC Metro


Date AcquiredJuly 2015


Asset ManagerStephen Evans



In July 2015, Fund II, in partnership with an affiliate of Griffith Properties, acquired Centerstone at Tysons in a privately negotiated, all-cash transaction.  The strategy is centered upon implementing base-building improvements and reintroducing the Property to the market through an aggressive marketing campaign that will target corporate headquarter and large block users who wish to be located within the transforming, amenity-rich Tysons submarket and in close proximity to the Metro.  The partnership has secured third-party financing and commenced rebranding and renovation efforts.



Map 







 

DC Metro
													Tysons, VA
Centerstone at Tysons

Acquired July 2015
 

 





















Interstate North Office Park




SubmarketCumberland / Galleria


Square Footage985,490


Occupancy60%


PartnerN/A




MarketAtlanta


Date AcquiredMarch 2016


Asset ManagerTaylor Smith



In March 2016, Fund II acquired Interstate North Office Park, an eleven building (982,000 sf) office park located in Cumberland/Galleria, Atlanta.  The strategy is to implement a capital improvement plan focused on improving the exterior facades and main lobbies and subsequently reintroduce the Property to the market through an aggressive marketing campaign.



Map 







 

Atlanta
													Cumberland / Galleria
Interstate North Office Park

Acquired March 2016
 

 
























The Center at Innovation Drive




Submarket495 North


Square Footage703,944


Occupancy35%


PartnerN/A




MarketBoston


Date AcquiredAugust 2014


Asset ManagerDeke Schultze



In August 2014, Fund II acquired the Property from a joint venture that was no longer active and in the process of liquidating its portfolio.  The strategy is to reposition the outmoded office/flex buildings to create differentiated, collaborative office space and significantly upgrade the aesthetics and amenities of the campus.  Construction and rebranding efforts (including a new name) have commenced and the partnership is actively marketing the vacancy to prospective tenants.



Map 







 

Boston
													495 North
The Center at Innovation Drive

Acquired August 2014
 

 


















1000 Washington




SubmarketSouth End


Square Footage239,580


Occupancy91%


PartnerNordblom Company




MarketBoston


Date AcquiredDecember 2014


Asset ManagerDeke Schultze



In December 2014, Fund II acquired 1000 Washington in partnership with an affiliate of Nordblom Company, the existing operating partner of the selling venture, essentially replacing the existing capital partner.  The strategy is to execute various value-added projects to enhance the Property’s market positioning and capitalize on the asset’s rapidly improving and transforming mixed-use urban neighborhood.



Map 







 

Boston
													South End
1000 Washington

Acquired December 2014
 

 
























312 Plum Street




SubmarketCBD


Square Footage230,512


Occupancy85%


PartnerStrategic Capital Partners & Parkway Corporation




MarketCincinnati 


Date AcquiredFebruary 2015


Asset ManagerBrandon Huffman



In February 2015, Fund II, in partnership with affiliates of Strategic Capital Partners and Parkway Corporation, acquired 312 Plum Street located in downtown Cincinnati.  The strategy is to aesthetically modernize the Property and simultaneously lease the remaining vacancy.  The lobby renovations and elevator modifications have commenced and the partnership is actively marketing the vacancy to prospective tenants.



Map 







 

Cincinnati 
													CBD
312 Plum Street

Acquired February 2015
 

 












Crossroads Center




SubmarketMetrowest


Square Footage90,340


OccupancyN/A


PartnerThe Congress Group




MarketBoston


Date AcquiredAugust 2013


Asset ManagerDeke Schultze



In August 2013, Fund II acquired Crossroads Center in partnership with an affiliate of Congress Group, the existing operating partner of the selling venture, essentially replacing the existing capital partner.  The original strategy was to redevelop the existing industrial buildings into creative, Class A office and subsequently lease into the rapidly improving Metrowest submarket.  However, shortly after commencing the business plan, a user-buyer materialized and purchased the predevelopment, which was considered to realize a much superior risk-return opportunity than presented by the redevelopment.  The Property was sold in August 2014.



Map 







 

Boston
													Metrowest
Crossroads Center

Acquired August 2013
 

 
























NASCAR Plaza




SubmarketCBD


Square Footage393,730


OccupancyN/A


PartnerTrinity Capital Advisors




MarketCharlotte


Date AcquiredDecember 2010


Asset ManagerNASCAR Plaza



In December 2010, Fund I, in partnership with an affiliate of Trinity Capital Advisors, acquired NASCAR Plaza via a note purchase from two banks and fee purchase from the borrower.  Post-closing, the partnership cleaned up the ownership structure by executing a self-foreclosure, reintroduced the Property to the market and increased occupancy from 39% to 88%, largely as a result of Chiquita relocating its international headquarters to the Property in Q3 2012.  The Property was subsequently sold in an off-market disposition in December 2012.



Map 







 

Charlotte
													CBD
NASCAR Plaza

Acquired December 2010
 

 





















67 Whippany




SubmarketParsippany


Square Footage860,000


OccupancyN/A


PartnerVision Real Estate Partners




MarketNorthern New Jersey


Date AcquiredDecember 2010


Asset ManagerEric Schiela



In December 2010, Fund I, in partnership with an affiliate of Vision Real Estate Partners, acquired this 194-acre, 1.4 million sf fully-vacant asset from its corporate owner, Alcatel-Lucent.  Post-closing, the partnership razed 900,000 sf of obsolete space, leaving 500,000 sf to be redeveloped.  Subsequently, in October 2011, the partnership signed an agreement with Bayer Healthcare, LLC for the purchase of 94 acres (the North Campus), along with the obligation to complete its North American headquarters, which required an extensive reconstruction of the 500,000 sf of existing office and an additional 130,000 sf of new office; Bayer moved into the completed headquarters in October 2013.  In March 2016, a portion of the South Campus was sold to Bayer Healthcare, LLC.  The partnership subsequently developed a 185,000 sf build-to-suit for MetLife on the remaining acreage of the South Campus, with delivery in Summer 2016.  In September 2016, the MetLife build-to-suit development, the last remaining piece of the 67 Whippany investment, was sold.



Map 







 

Northern New Jersey
													Parsippany
67 Whippany

Acquired December 2010
 

 


















Cleveland Flats East




SubmarketCBD


Square Footage476,000


OccupancyN/A


PartnerThe Wolstein Group




MarketCleveland


Date AcquiredDecember 2010


Asset ManagerBrandon Huffman



In December 2010, Fund I provided construction mezzanine financing for Phase I of Flats East, a $257 million mixed-use development (476,000 sf office, 155 key hotel and 31,000 sf retail) located in Cleveland. While the original plan was to finance the development for 5 years, an affiliate of the borrower purchased the note in 2012, which was considered to realize a much superior risk-return opportunity than holding to term.



Map 







 

Cleveland
													CBD
Cleveland Flats East

Acquired December 2010
 

 
























Sterling Pointe




SubmarketCentral Perimeter


Square Footage350,663


OccupancyN/A


PartnerN/A




MarketAtlanta


Date AcquiredFebruary 2007


Asset ManagerTaylor Smith



In February 2007, Fund I acquired Sterling Pointe as part of an 18 building, 3.5 million sf office portfolio located in Central Perimeter Atlanta.  In August 2014, a portion of the asset’s land was re-zoned and sold for development of a limited service hotel, two restaurants, two retail pad sites and a parking deck.  During the hold period, occupancy increased from 54% to 80%, largely as a result of Mercedes Benz selecting the Property as its headquarters as it transitioned its operations to Atlanta.  The Property was subsequently sold in August 2015.



Map 







 

Atlanta
													Central Perimeter
Sterling Pointe

Acquired February 2007
 

 





















Belvoir Corp. Center




SubmarketSpringfield, VA


Square Footage221,008


Occupancy0%


PartnerSalmon River Developers




MarketDC Metro


Date AcquiredDecember 2010


Asset ManagerStephen Evans



In December 2010, Fund I put this 24-acre parcel under contract, through an off-market process from a non-real estate seller, with the obligation to purchase contingent upon the successful rezoning of the site to allow for 221,000 sf of office.  After the site was successfully rezoned, Fund I closed on the land in December 2010.  At the time, the submarket had minimal Class A vacancy and it was believed that the Property would benefit substantially from the contractor tail that would follow the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency’s newly developed 2.3 million sf headquarters, as well as the demand related to nearby Fort Belvoir, which had become a "BRAC" recipient.  Since the project was delivered in Q4 2013, Fund I has continued to aggressively market the Property to prospective tenants.



Map 







 

DC Metro
													Springfield, VA
Belvoir Corp. Center

Acquired December 2010
 

 






























Newcastle




SubmarketRTP / I-40


Square Footage193,930


OccupancyN/A


PartnerGrubb Properties




MarketRaleigh / Durham


Date AcquiredSeptember 2012


Asset ManagerTaylor Smith



In September 2012, Fund I, in partnership with an affiliate of Grubb Properties, acquired Newcastle North and South, two fully-vacant buildings, from its corporate owner, GlaxoSmithKline.  Post-closing, the partnership consummated a full-building, triple-net lease for Newcastle North and the asset was subsequently sold in February 2014.  Then, during the second half of 2014, the partnership consummated a full-building, triple-net lease with Nimble Storage for Newcastle South and the asset was subsequently sold in May 2015.



Map 







 

Raleigh / Durham
													RTP / I-40
Newcastle

Acquired September 2012
 

 






























The Crossings @ Jefferson Park




SubmarketFlorham Park


Square Footage498,512


OccupancyN/A


PartnerVision Real Estate Partners




MarketNorthern New Jersey


Date AcquiredOctober 2012


Asset ManagerStephen Card



In October 2012, Fund I, in partnership with an affiliate of Vision Real Estate Partners, acquired The Crossings @ Jefferson Park in an off-market private negotiation from a global real estate investor seeking to liquidate the Property. Post-closing, the partnership completed an extensive capital plan, which included significant upgrades to the aesthetics and amenities, including building a transformative 11,000 sf amenity center, and renovation of the three main office buildings.  As a result of the improvements, a campus tenant, Barclays Capital, purchased the property in May 2017.   Barclays, which at the time of the sale leased ~20% of the campus, saw the value of the redeveloped corporate campus, including the newly developed amenity center, as a tool to draw more talent to its existing employee base in the Northern New Jersey market.



Map 







 

Northern New Jersey
													Florham Park
The Crossings @ Jefferson Park

Acquired October 2012
 

 


















Embassy Parkway Portfolio




SubmarketFairlawn


Square Footage523,543


OccupancyN/A


PartnerNew FREA




MarketCleveland


Date AcquiredMay 2012


Asset ManagerBrandon Huffman



In May 2012, Fund I, in partnership with New FREA, acquired Embassy Parkway Portfolio after reaching agreement with the special servicer to execute a discounted payoff of ownership's defaulted notes.  Post-closing, the partnership sold two of the assets to building users, performed cosmetic enhancements throughout the campus and increased overall occupancy from 62% to 80%.  The remaining eight buildings were sold in two transactions in January 2016 and February 2016.



Map 







 

Cleveland
													Fairlawn
Embassy Parkway Portfolio

Acquired May 2012
 

 





















1150 Northbrook




SubmarketTrevose


Square Footage107,742


OccupancyN/A


PartnerN/A




MarketPhiladelphia


Date AcquiredMarch 2012


Asset ManagerStephen Card



In March 2012, Fund I acquired 1150 Northbrook, a newly developed building in a private negotiation with the construction lender who had earlier foreclosed on the developer.  Post-closing, the fit-out for Gamesa, Inc., the anchor tenant who had leased, but had not yet occupied a majority of the building, was completed.  Throughout the hold period, occupancy has increased from 93% to 97%.  The Property was subsequently sold in April 2017.



Map 







 

Philadelphia
													Trevose
1150 Northbrook

Acquired March 2012
 

 















Princeton South Corp. Center




SubmarketEwing


Square Footage267,369


OccupancyN/A


PartnerN/A




MarketCentral New Jersey


Date AcquiredJuly 2011


Asset ManagerCraig Zolot



In July 2011, Fund I acquired Princeton South Corporate Center, a newly developed building at a Sherriff’s Sale; Fund I was the only bidder as it had privately negotiated a purchase price with the lender.  Post-closing, third-party financing was secured (closing was all-cash) and occupancy increased from 59% to 84%.  The Property was sold in March 2015.



Map 







 

Central New Jersey
													Ewing
Princeton South Corp. Center

Acquired July 2011
 

 
























55 Walkers Brook Drive




Submarket128 North


Square Footage138,121


Occupancy36%


PartnerNordblom Company




MarketBoston


Date AcquiredFebruary 2012


Asset ManagerDeke Schultze



In February 2012, Fund I acquired 55 Walkers Brook Drive in partnership with an affiliate of the Nordblom Company, the existing operating partner of the selling venture, essentially replacing the existing capital partner.  Post-closing, the partnership completed an extensive renovation, which included upgrades to the common areas, systems and exterior landscape.  The partnership is actively marketing the remaining vacancy to prospective tenants.



Map 







 

Boston
													128 North
55 Walkers Brook Drive

Acquired February 2012
 

 





















Maryland Trade Center III




SubmarketGreenbelt, MD


Square Footage191,837


Occupancy55%


PartnerTrammell Crow Company




MarketDC Metro


Date AcquiredFebruary 2012


Asset ManagerCraig Zolot



In February 2012, Fund I, in partnership with an affiliate of the Trammell Crow Company, acquired Maryland Trade Center from a special servicer in a re-marketing process after the asset had previously fallen out of contract.  Post-closing, the partnership completed common area renovations and has consummated a number of new leases.  In April 2015, after completing a 7-year extension with PNC Bank, the partnership sold a condo interest comprised of the bank branch out-parcel to a net-lease buyer.  The partnership is actively marketing the remaining vacancy to prospective tenants.



Map 







 

DC Metro
													Greenbelt, MD
Maryland Trade Center III

Acquired February 2012
 

 





















Lee’s Hill II




SubmarketSpotsylvania County


Square Footage152,816


OccupancyN/A


PartnerN/A




MarketWashington, DC


Date AcquiredMay 2011


Asset ManagerCraig Zolot



In May 2011, Fund I acquired Lee’s Hill II as a fee purchase from a special servicer in partnership with the previous owner/borrower, who had maintained a strong relationship with the loan servicer prior to, and after, a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure in mid-2010.  Post-closing, minor renovations were completed, the Property was reintroduced to the market and occupancy increased from 63% to 99%.  The Property was sold in April 2015.



Map 







 

Washington, DC
													Spotsylvania County
Lee’s Hill II

Acquired May 2011
 

 


















2900 Eisenhower




SubmarketAlexandria, VA


Square Footage59,778


OccupancyN/A


PartnerN/A




MarketDC Metro


Date AcquiredDecember 2010


Asset ManagerCraig Zolot



In December 2010, Fund I acquired 2900 Eisenhower via a limited sales process from an owner-user.  Post-closing, Fund I completed a renovation of the Property and in October 2013, consummated a full-building, triple-net lease with Stratford University, a private, for-profit higher educational institution.  The Property was subsequently sold in June 2014.



Map 







 

DC Metro
													Alexandria, VA
2900 Eisenhower

Acquired December 2010
 

 


















Westview Corporate Center




SubmarketWestshore


Square Footage576,000


OccupancyN/A


PartnerN/A




MarketTampa


Date AcquiredOctober 2006


Asset ManagerEric Schiela



In October 2006, Fund I acquired Westview Corporate Center, a development site located in Tampa Bay.  The original strategy to build spec and lease-up was delayed after competitive developers broke ground on speculative office developments.  Fund I is currently seeking build-to-suit opportunities.



Map 







 

Tampa
													Westshore
Westview Corporate Center

Acquired October 2006
 

 
 

 
 




 
 





Operating Partners
 

The Congress Group
Salmon River Developers
Strategic Capital Partners

Nordblom Company
Onyx Equities
Grubb Properties

Trammell Crow Company
Trinity Capital Advisors
Vision Real Estate Partners

Griffith Properties
Northpoint Realty Partners
Heritage Equity Partners

Fortress Investment Group
Saracen Properties

 
 
 






Contact Us

 














Rubenstein Partners

											Cira Centre
											2929 Arch Street, 28th Floor
											Philadelphia, PA 19104-2868
											T 215.399.4436
info@rubensteinpartners.com






New England
Includes Boston

Deke Schultze
												T 617.502.9496
email




Washington, DC
Includes Suburban Maryland, the District of Columbia, and Northern Virginia

Stephen Evans
												T 202.864.4140
email




Florida
Includes Miami, Fort Lauderdale, Palm Beach, Tampa, and Orlando

Taylor Smith
												T 404.566.5904
email




Atlanta
Includes Atlanta

Taylor Smith
												T 404.566.5904
email





Mid-Atlantic
Includes Philadelphia and North, South, and Central New Jersey

Stephen Card
												T 215.399.4624
email




New York
Includes New York City and Westchester and Fairfield Counties

Jeremiah Kane
												T 212.542.5826
email




North Carolina
Includes Charlotte and Raleigh/Durham

Tim Skender
												T 215.399.4526
email




Midwest
Includes Cleveland, Cincinnati, and Indianapolis

Brandon Huffman
												T 215.399.4720
email




 
 




 
 






























Career Opportunities
© 2016 Rubenstein Partners. Designed and developed by Resin Design.

















Rubenstein Properties Fund III, L.P. Closes with $565 Million CommittedHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 5 hrs 12 minsS&P 5002,466.43-8.99 (-0.36%)Dow 3021,791.28-5.27 (-0.02%)Nasdaq6,356.11-26.07 (-0.41%)Stocks to WatchIntel impresses with strong quarter, Starbucks and Mattel shares are tankingRubenstein Properties Fund III, L.P. Closes with $565 Million CommittedPR NewswireJanuary 31, 2017ReblogShareTweetSharePHILADELPHIA, Jan. 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Rubenstein Partners, L.P., a vertically-integrated real estate investment manager focused on value-added office property opportunities, announced the final closing of Rubenstein Properties Fund III, L.P. This is the third institutional real estate investment vehicle advised by Rubenstein Partners. David B. Rubenstein, Founder and Senior Managing Partner of Rubenstein Partners, made the announcement.The discretionary real estate private equity fund raised a total of $565 million in capital commitments from a diverse group of investors, including some of the nation's preeminent public and private pension funds, university endowments and family offices."We're pleased to announce the final closing of Rubenstein Properties Fund III at a level surpassing the previous two funds, and positioning Fund III to take advantage of value-added office investment opportunities in its target markets," Mr. Rubenstein said. "We're grateful for the continued support from many longstanding investors and are excited to welcome several new investors into the platform."Rubenstein Properties Fund III, L.P. seeks value-added office property investments in markets throughout the Eastern United States. Rubenstein Properties Fund II, L.P. launched in 2012 and raised $515 million of equity commitments. Rubenstein Properties Fund, L.P. launched in 2005 and raised $475 million of equity commitments.About Rubenstein PartnersRubenstein Partners, founded in September 2005, is a private real estate investment management and advisory firm with operations throughout the Eastern United States. The firm is led by its founder, David Rubenstein, and a group of senior real estate executives, and is focused on directing and managing value-added office real estate investments, primarily in the Eastern United States. Rubenstein Partners' predecessor company, The Rubenstein Company, LP and affiliates, founded in 1969, was one of the largest private owner operators of Class A office real estate in the Mid-Atlantic, owning and operating a portfolio of assets valued at approximately $1.2 billion at the time of its disposition in 2004. Since 2005, Rubenstein Partners, on behalf of its investors and clients, has invested in more than 15 million square feet of office real estate assets throughout the Eastern United States. For more information, visit www.rubensteinpartners.com.Contact: Great Ink Communications, Ltd. 212-741-2977 Eric Waters  Tom Nolan   144295@email4pr.comTo view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/rubenstein-properties-fund-iii-lp-closes-with-565-million-committed-300399723.htmlReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextTrump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverageYahoo FinanceEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredSean Hannity responds to claim he ran up a $42,000 tab at Trump's hotel after flying in a 70-year-old lobster from MaineBusiness InsiderU.S. economic growth picks up in second quarter, wages continue to lagReutersTwitter is only famous now because of President Trump: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsored9 ways to break free from your credit card debtYahoo FinanceWall Street opens lower as Amazon weighs on tech stocksReutersMattis was on vacation when Trump tweeted transgender ban, and he was reportedly 'appalled' by itBusiness InsiderDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredStarbucks CEO: The Amazon-Whole Foods deal shows where retail is goingYahoo FinanceAmazon could be the first trillion dollar company: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoInvestors yawn as US economic growth rebounds in the second quarter; Amazon fallsYahoo Finance"Women Need To Carry This Device With Them"Siren SongSponsoredChuck Schumer was on the verge of tears speaking about John McCain after Republicans' 'skinny repeal' bill failedBusiness InsiderApple (AAPL) to Report Q3 Earnings: Is a Beat in Store?ZacksTrump Rages at Republicans as John McCain Kills Obamacare Repeal BillSuzy Q: Trump PROMISED he had a healthcare bill that would lower costs, expand coverage, and offer more choices. Where is HIS bill? Time to put up or shut up.Join the Conversation1 / 5279








