Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Flex (FLEX) CEO Mike McNamara on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FLEX•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:45 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Wolters Kluwer's (NTRI) CEO Nancy McKinstry on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WOLTF•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:43 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




TDK Corp's (TTDKY) Management on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TTDKY•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:26 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Baidu's (BIDU) CEO Robin Li on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BIDU•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:04 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




DHI Group's (DHX) CEO Mike Durney on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DHX•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  8:24 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA (BBVA) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BBVA•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  7:33 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




MPLX's (MPLX) CEO Gary Heminger on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MPLX•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  5:56 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Echo Global Logistics (ECHO) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ECHO•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  4:35 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Seattle Genetics (SGEN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SGEN•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  3:10 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Iridium Communications' (IRDM) CEO Matt Desch on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IRDM•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  3:05 AM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Whiting Petroleum (WLL) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WLL•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  1:19 AM

        •
SA Transcripts
•4 Comments 



Imperva (IMPV) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IMPV•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  1:17 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Starbucks (SBUX) Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SBUX•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  1:13 AM

        •
SA Transcripts
•4 Comments 



World Wrestling Entertainment's (WWE) CEO Vince McMahon on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WWE•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  1:01 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




HFF's (HF) CEO Mark Gibson on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 12:47 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cypress Semiconductor (CY) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CY•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 12:33 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Align Technology (ALGN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ALGN•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 12:09 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Edison International (EIX) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EIX•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 12:07 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




First Solar (FSLR) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FSLR•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 12:07 AM

        •
SA Transcripts
•2 Comments 



Southwest Airlines (LUV) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LUV•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 12:07 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




BofI Holding's (BOFI) CEO Greg Garrabrants on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BOFI•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 12:03 AM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Ellie Mae (ELLI) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ELLI•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




MicroStrategy Incorporated's (MSTR) CEO Michael Saylor on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MSTR•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Vale's (VALE) CEO Murilo Ferreira on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VALE•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Digital Realty Trust (DLR) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DLR•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




BJ's Restaurants (BJRI) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BJRI•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:39 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Republic Services (RSG) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RSG•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:37 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cloud Peak Energy's (CLD) CEO Colin Marshall on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CLD•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:34 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•2 Comments 



Cerner (CERN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CERN•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:27 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Proofpoint (PFPT) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PFPT•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:27 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4451Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 











 


Healthcare and Biotech Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Healthcare and Biotech StocksGilead Sciences' Q2: Not Enough To Move The StockGILD• Today, 10:23 AM • David Butler•3 CommentsHill-Rom Holdings, Inc. 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHRC• Today, 9:50 AM • SA TranscriptsAn In-Depth Analysis Of Calithera Biosciences (Part 1)CALA• Today, 9:46 AM • David HoffmannArbutus Seeks To Eradicate Hep BABUS• Today, 9:37 AM • Strong Bio•4 CommentsGilead: Shut Up About The Cash And Let Management Do Their JobGILD• Today, 9:09 AM • Orange Peel Investments•27 Comments1 Chart Speaks Volumes About Gilead Sciences' FutureGILD• Today, 9:03 AM • James Brumley•7 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 28, 2017ANTB, BTX, INCY• Today, 9:00 AM • Zach Hartman, PhDGlaxoSmithKline: Doing An AstraZeneca (And A Reckitt Benckiser)?Editors' Pick • GSK• Today, 8:46 AM • Dividend Drive•3 CommentsArena Pharmaceuticals: Intriguing Data And Near-Term Catalysts, Yet Concerns RemainARNA• Today, 6:23 AM • Jonathan Faison•6 CommentsCelgene: Expect The Story To ContinueCELG• Yesterday, 9:07 PM • Jonathan Weber•11 CommentsAcorda Investors Are Holding Their BreathACOR• Yesterday, 8:44 PM • Strong Bio•2 CommentsInteger Holdings Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesITGR• Yesterday, 5:16 PM • SA TranscriptsDynavax: Looking Ahead To A Long and Tiring JourneyDVAX• Yesterday, 4:24 PM • Long Term Bio•119 CommentsContraFect: Why Hasn't Anyone Else Done This Already?CFRX• Yesterday, 4:04 PM • Altum Research•23 CommentsAstraZeneca Muddies The Water As Mystic FailsAZN• Yesterday, 3:55 PM • EP Vantage•1 CommentGlaxo Runs Into Double Trouble In HIVGSK• Yesterday, 3:52 PM • EP Vantage•1 CommentAMEDISYS Inc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAMED• Yesterday, 3:23 PM • SA TranscriptsGilead: The Greyhound Leaves The DoghouseGILD• Yesterday, 2:42 PM • DoctoRx•116 CommentsKeryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKERX• Yesterday, 1:37 PM • SA TranscriptsGilead: The Doubters Were WrongGILD• Yesterday, 1:27 PM • Jonathan Weber•35 CommentsThe 'Best Balance Sheets' Portfolio: LabCorpLH• Yesterday, 1:26 PM • Value Prof•2 CommentsNektar Therapeutics: Further Upside AheadNKTR• Yesterday, 1:02 PM • Jonathan FaisonTetraphase Pharmaceuticals: IGNITE4 Data Igniting Share PriceTTPH• Yesterday, 12:27 PM • Jonathan Faison•9 CommentsUltragenyx: An Interesting Company In The Rare Disease SpaceRARE• Yesterday, 11:47 AM • Biopharmaceutical WolfJohnson & Johnson Takes Down Medtronic And AbbVieJNJ• Yesterday, 11:37 AM • DJ Habig•22 CommentsAstraZeneca: Pipeline WoesAZN• Yesterday, 10:34 AM • Long Term Bio•4 CommentsInvestors Get A Chance To Load Up On AmgenAMGN• Yesterday, 10:30 AM • Jonathan Weber•6 CommentsMystic Falls At The First HurdleAZN• Yesterday, 10:19 AM • EP Vantage•1 CommentBiohaven Pivots To Take A Shot At MigraineBHVN• Yesterday, 10:02 AM • Strong Bio•4 CommentsCelgene Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCELG• Yesterday, 9:56 AM • SA TranscriptsAlexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesALXN• Yesterday, 9:52 AM • SA TranscriptsBoston Scientific Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBSX• Yesterday, 9:50 AM • SA TranscriptsAmgen Reports Q2: Short- And Long-Term ConsiderationsAMGN• Yesterday, 9:44 AM • DoctoRx•31 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 27, 2017BMY, MRK, THERF• Yesterday, 9:00 AM • Zach Hartman, PhD•6 CommentsOpko: Contrarian Play On Positive UpdateOPK• Yesterday, 8:59 AM • Avisol Capital Partners•31 CommentsWas The 'All Clear' Just Sounded On Gilead?GILD• Yesterday, 8:48 AM • Bret Jensen•51 CommentsWatch Out For Some Solid Action From Vertex Pharmaceuticals In 2017VRTX• Yesterday, 8:31 AM • Gaurao Bhade•4 CommentsABIOMED, Inc. 2018 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesABMD• Yesterday, 8:25 AM • SA TranscriptsGilead Sciences - There Is Still Much To Like About This Company And Its PriceGILD• Yesterday, 8:09 AM • The Value Investor•7 CommentsRoche Holding Ltd ADR 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesRHHBY• Yesterday, 7:48 AM • SA TranscriptsSucampo: A Shift Toward Rare DiseasesSCMP• Yesterday, 7:41 AM • ONeil Trader•1 CommentInvitae Set For Growth - Bret Jensen's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • NVTA• Yesterday, 6:57 AM • Bret Jensen•11 CommentsNow Is A Good Time To Buy Johnson & JohnsonJNJ• Yesterday, 5:59 AM • Peter F. Way, CFA•25 CommentsVertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesVRTX• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:09 PM • SA Transcripts•2 CommentsGilead Sciences, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGILD• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:06 PM • SA Transcripts•9 CommentsTeva: Walking Dead?TEVA• Wed, Jul. 26, 5:27 PM • Mehdi Zare•84 CommentsPfizer's Worrying TrendPFE• Wed, Jul. 26, 5:16 PM • Searching For Value•19 CommentsKindred Bio Pounces On Feline Weight ManagementKIN• Wed, Jul. 26, 4:51 PM • Strong Bio•6 CommentsBiogen Q2 2017 Results: Few Steps In The Right DirectionBIIB• Wed, Jul. 26, 4:43 PM • HealthBloggerBiogen Positions Itself For The FutureBIIB• Wed, Jul. 26, 3:51 PM • Jonathan Weber•2 CommentsGlaxo Gets Out The AxeGSK• Wed, Jul. 26, 3:11 PM • EP Vantage•2 CommentsOlumiant Clot Signal Echoes Xeljanz ExperienceLLY• Wed, Jul. 26, 3:07 PM • EP VantagePetMed Express: $50 Looks Too High, But I've Been Wrong BeforeEditors' Pick • PETS• Wed, Jul. 26, 2:45 PM • Vince Martin•17 CommentsPacira's Exparel Expansion Pain ContinuesPCRX• Wed, Jul. 26, 2:35 PM • EP VantagePfizer Doesn't Want To Be Left In the Dust Of Avastin BiosimilarPFE• Wed, Jul. 26, 2:34 PM • Long Term Bio•2 CommentsExact Sciences Crushes Estimates AgainEXAS• Wed, Jul. 26, 2:29 PM • Kirk Spano•117 CommentsVanda Pharmaceuticals: An Early Stage Bioscience ConsiderationVNDA• Wed, Jul. 26, 1:59 PM • Dr. Tran BioSci•2 CommentsSell Gilead Regardless Of Q2 ResultsGILD• Wed, Jul. 26, 1:25 PM • Shock Exchange•149 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 26, 2017BMY, CUR, MRK• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:46 PM • Zach Hartman, PhD•13 Comments2 Cheers For Biogen, Which May Be Good Enough To Allow AlphaBIIB• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:34 PM • DoctoRx•11 CommentsBuy The Dip In Reata PharmaceuticalsRETA• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:28 PM • Jonathan FaisonPick up 9.5% YTM with Community Health Systems, February 2022 BondsCYH• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:25 PM • Randy Durig•4 CommentsBuying Abbott Near Its PeakABT• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:05 PM • Black Coral Research•12 Comments2 Small-Cap Biotechs To Put On Your RadarRDHL, BDSI• Wed, Jul. 26, 11:39 AM • Bret Jensen•23 CommentsPRA Health Sciences Set For A Quarterly Earnings Surprise - AgainPRAH• Wed, Jul. 26, 11:11 AM • Mike SiinoA Look At Amarin At $4AMRN• Wed, Jul. 26, 10:44 AM • Elephant Analytics•14 CommentsIntra-Cellular Therapies: Buy, Sell Or Hold?ITCI• Wed, Jul. 26, 10:33 AM • Bret Jensen•12 CommentsThermo Fisher Scientific Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTMO• Wed, Jul. 26, 9:19 AM • SA TranscriptsIntegra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesIART• Wed, Jul. 26, 9:15 AM • SA TranscriptsExpress Scripts, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesESRX• Wed, Jul. 26, 9:14 AM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentBaxter International Inc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBAX• Wed, Jul. 26, 9:14 AM • SA TranscriptsOphthotech Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesOPHT• Wed, Jul. 26, 8:11 AM • SA TranscriptsSienna Biopharmaceuticals Expected To IPO On ThursdaySNNA• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:06 AM • Don Dion•3 CommentsGalmed Pharmaceuticals: Buy On WeaknessGLMD• Tue, Jul. 25, 11:14 PM • Jonathan Faison•19 CommentsMannKind: Assessing The Insurance Landscape For AfrezzaMNKD• Tue, Jul. 25, 9:22 PM • Spencer Osborne•91 Comments123456...469Next Page





Emisphere Technologies' (EMIS) CEO Alan Rubino on Q2 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Emisphere Technologies' (EMIS) CEO Alan Rubino on Q2 2016 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptAug.15.16 | About: Emisphere Technologies, (EMIS) Emisphere Technologies, Inc. (OTCPK:EMIS) Q2 2016 Earnings Conference Call August 15, 2016  8:30 AM ET
Executives
Alan Gallantar - Acting CFO
Alan L. Rubino - CEO
Analysts
Operator
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Emisphere Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode to reduce background noise. With us today from Emisphere are Alan Rubino, President and Chief Executive Officer; Alan Gallantar, Acting Chief Financial Officer.
Please be advised that this call is being recorded at the company's request. A live webcast of the conference call can be accessed through the company's website at www.emisphere.com. An archive of the webcast will be available beginning today at 11.30 AM Eastern Standard Time for approximately one week. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session at the end of management's formal remarks.
At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Gallantar. Please go ahead, sir.
Alan Gallantar
Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us to discuss Emisphere's financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 and other corporate highlights. On today's call, Alan Rubino will provide an overview of recent corporate achievements and plans. Then I will review financial results for the second quarter. Following closing remarks, we will open the lines for a question-and-answer session. I hope you've had an opportunity to review the second quarter financial results press release which we issued earlier this morning.
Before moving into the discussion of our financial results, please note that today's remarks will contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, statements regarding success of the company's out-licensing and other business development initiatives and the sufficiency of the company's cash position.
These risks and uncertainties are outlined in Emisphere's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which we expect to file later today. As such, actual results may differ materially from what is discussed on today's call. Please note that our earnings release, 10-Q, and other SEC filings are available on the Investor Relations page of our website at www.emisphere.com.
With that, I'll turn the call over to Alan Rubino. Alan.
Alan L. Rubino
Thank you very much Alan and good morning to all of you and thanks for joining us on this call. First, let me just get right into the discussion of our first quarter [ph] 2016 achievements. During the first half of 2016, as mentioned before, we continued to focus our efforts on ongoing and in progress business development initiatives.
First, let us discuss Eligen B12. Our discussions continue to advance with potential partners for a strategic transaction or alliance for the ongoing commercialization of the oral B12 product. This is both true in the U.S. and internationally. For those of you who maybe new to Emisphere, Eligen B12 quite simply is the first commercial product using Emisphere's product proprietary Eligen SNAC carrier. It is the first and only prescription oral vitamin B12 therapeutic in a market segment that previously offered only injectible or nasal delivery formulations. 
It is the first oral prescription tablet clinically proven to normalize vitamin B12 levels without the need for an injection. Also important is Eligen B12 works even in the absence of intrinsic factor which is a protein made in the stomach which normally facilitates B12 absorption. We believe that Eligen B12's full market potential will best be achieved by an organization with a much greater commercial resources and an established infrastructure. And the best way to achieve this would be through potential strategic partnerships with a third party or parties. 

As mentioned, partnership discussions for Eligen B12 continued to advance. We are actively engaged in dialogue with approximately a dozen major healthcare and pharmaceutical companies. Each of these organizations is seeking to license or acquire the rights to Eligen B12 in the U.S. Also as indicated during our last call, we also have interest for global markets as well. 
Regarding ex-U.S. territories as I have alluded to before, we are currently in active discussions with a major pharmaceutical company who has interest in global non-U.S. rights. We have been discussing deal terms and anticipate advancing towards the first draft of an agreement soon. Interestingly, several of the other potential partners have communicated their desire to pursue a possible OTC commercialization strategy for Eligen B12, while others remain squarely focused on continuing to market the product as a prescription medical food. So, we will continue to pursue all these active discussions and we will work towards securing a partnership that brings the most value for our shareholders. 
Looking back to the pilot launch of Eligen B12 in 2015, we have seen and continue to see highly positive physician and patient reception, a sentiment that certainly has continued to date. Also importantly there have been no adverse reactions and no reports of patients not responding to treatment. So we continue to hear a positive feedback from both patients and prescribers that is always very good for a new therapeutic. 
Given the Eligen B12 product profile and the initial market uptake, we believe that the market potential for an oral B12 replacement is significant and largely untapped. The potential partners we are speaking with possess the substantial capabilities and resources to effectively promote Eligen B12 and significantly expand its commercial potential, while also adding the vitally important B12 deficiency in treatment education which will be critical to the overall marketing. 
Now I would like to turn to our carrier partnerships. As you all know, our most advanced partnership with Novo Nordisk is not only important but continues to be on track. As many of you are aware, Novo Nordisk is developing oral semaglutide, a once daily oral formulation of a long-acting GLP-1 analog for the treatment of Type II diabetes. This product utilizes our absorption enhancing SNAC carrier. The Phase III clinical testing of oral semaglutide is now well underway. 
Novo Nordisk has stated their plans to conduct 10 clinical trials which are expected to enroll approximately 9300 patients with Type II diabetes. In addition, they have also stated their intention to invest an estimated $2 billion over the next coming five years in two new production facilities in North Carolina and Denmark related to this product. This is in order to meet the capacity requirements for their diabetes care products including oral semaglutide. 
Emisphere is eligible to receive future milestone and royalty payments in connection with marketplace success of this Novo Nordisk product. As you all know, but maybe those of you new to the call, Emisphere also newly partnered with Novo Nordisk for the development and commercialization of oral formulations of four classes of Novo Nordisk's investigational molecules. These target major metabolic disorders including diabetes and obesity. We also use various carriers from our oral Eligen Technology library. 
Clearly, the effective oral delivery of these agents is a major Novo Nordisk business and differentiating strategy, and quite frankly we are very enthusiastic to be part of this key initiative. Under this new development and license agreement, Novo Nordisk is solely responsible for the development and commercialization of all product candidates. And during the first half of 2016, they continued with important feasibility testing for these license molecules. If approved, these product candidates will compete in high value therapeutic areas that represent over 100 billion in total product sales. 

Again, Novo Nordisk is well known to be a key player in these high value metabolic indications. As a reminder, Emisphere is eligible to receive up to 207 million in development and sales milestone payments in addition to royalty on sales of each successfully commercialized product covered by this agreement. So, clearly Novo Nordisk is an important partner for Emisphere. 
The oral semaglutide partnership combined with the new multi-molecule agreement for candidates in high value metabolic indications, all significant potential for Emisphere's future success and even if only a small number of the new molecules are eventually brought to the market. I would like to continue with the Eligen carrier technology, and beyond Novo Nordisk we are also expanding our scope of potential new partners by working with other high profile companies. These firms are currently conducting feasibility evaluations with multiple additional molecules and utilizing our unique Eligen Technology oral delivery carriers. 
The Eligen Technology is our proven delivery system technology and the success we have seen to date with Novo Nordisk, including the expanded agreement for development of the metabolic molecules has been a significant catalyst for a new wave of business development and collaboration enquiries. As such, we expect to be attending and increasing our presence at drug delivery industry meetings with the goal of maintaining the momentum we have created on this front. Our carriers are applicable through broad range of chemical entities and have been clearly shown to increase the benefit of the therapy by improving bio-availability or absorption or by decreasing time to onset of action. All of these are practical and substantial innovation offerings. 
During the first half of 2016, we continued to receive unsolicited interest from companies interested in our technology as well as interest from firms we have worked with previously who now have new needs. The molecule they have approached is about our marketed drugs, and this is important because that means these products have been proven already to be safe and effective. 
There are feasibility studies ongoing with several potential partners, and we would like to see these move forward towards an agreement with one or more of these markets in the coming months and quarters. So, naturally we are highly encouraged by the growing interest and activity surrounding our Eligen Technology and we look forward to providing updates on this whenever possible. 
It is also important to mention that we currently own the rights to an extensive portfolio of carriers and our current focus on the Eligen Technology business development initiatives remains on the development of new oral formulations to replace injectible formulations. However, and I have said this before, we have a renewed action and focus on approved drug compounds and we are -- and that also includes those that are next generation smaller proteins and peptides including certain pegylated versions. 
Now turning just quickly to operations, just like to touch on cost reduction and resource allocation initiatives. As a result of our strategic decision to secure a partner for Eligen B12, we also have successfully implemented several cost control and resource allocation initiatives. These enable us to reduce our cash burn while being right sized but still being able to intensely focus on our new strategic trust. We are confident that our ongoing cost management measures will enable us to better preserve our financial resources and yet remain efficient and effective in our work efforts. 
With that, I would like to turn the call back over to Alan where he will review second quarter 2016 results and financial highlights and then I would like to come back to make a few closing remarks. Alan.

Alan Gallantar
Thank you, Alan. Next I'll provide an overview of the financial results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2016. For the quarter, the company reported a net loss of $7.5 million or a loss of $0.12 per basic and diluted share compared to a net income of $7.1 million or $0.12 per basic share and loss of $0.04 per diluted for the same period in 2015.
Total operating expenses were $1.6 million for the quarter, a decrease of $3 million or 66% compared to the same period in 2015. Total operating expenses include research and development costs of approximately $0.10 million and compared to $0.10 million in 2015, and selling, general and administrative expenses of $1.5 million, a decrease of $3.1 million or 68% compared to the same period in 2015. Other non-operating expenses for the second quarter of 2016 was $5.5 million compared to other non-operating income of $11.7 million for the same period in 2015.
Weighted average basic and diluted shares outstanding for the three months ended June 30, 2016 was 60,687,478. Weighted average basic and diluted shares outstanding for the three months ended June 30, 2015, was 60,687,478 and 123,445,160 respectively. 
And now turning to the year-to-date financials. For the six months ended June 30, 2016, Emisphere reported a net loss of $9.3 million or a loss of $0.15 per basic and diluted share compared to a net loss of $25.8 million or a loss of $0.43 per basic and diluted share for the same period last year. Total operating expenses for the six months ended June 30, 2016 was 4.6 million, a decrease of 4.7 million or 50% compared to the same period in 2015. 
Total operating expenses include R&D expenses of approximately $0.2 million compared to $0.3 million for the same period in 2015, and SG&A expenses of $4.4 million, a decrease of $4.6 million or 51% compared to the same period in 2015. Weighted average basic and diluted shares outstanding for the six-month periods ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 were 60,687,478. As of June 30, 2016, Emisphere had approximately $8.7 million in cash, a net decrease of $4.2 million from December 31, 2015. 
On October 26, 2015, we received a total payment of $14 million from Novo Nordisk pursuant to, and consisting of, $5 million as payment for entry into a license agreement and $9 million as payment in connection with the third amendment to the existing GLP-1 license agreement with Novo Nordisk. Under terms of our loan agreement, we are obligated to pre-pay certain loans and notes using 50% of any extraordinary receipts such as the $14 million received from Novo Nordisk. A creditor under our loan agreement and reimbursement notes has agreed to extend the date by which we are required to use 50% of the $14 million received from Novo Nordisk to pre-pay certain loans and notes until August 16, 2016. 
However, because of such prepayment deadline has not been extended beyond one year from the June 30, 2016, we have classified 7 million of the loans and notes as the current liability as of June 30, 2016. We believe that our current cash balance will provide sufficient capital to continue operations through September 2016. However, if the pre-payment obligation is further extended or waived, we will have sufficient cash to operate through September 2017.
Our future capital requirements beyond September 2016, or September 2017 in the event that prepayment obligation is further extended or waived, and our financial success depends largely on our ability to raise additional capital, including by leveraging existing and securing new partnering opportunities for Eligen B12 and Eligen Technologies. As of June 30, 2016, we have received approximately $32.6 million from Novo Nordisk under the GLP-1 license agreement. We are eligible to receive up to an additional $60 million in contingent product development payments and sales milestone payments under the terms of the disagreement.

And now, I'd like to turn the call back over to Alan Rubino for closing remarks.
Alan L. Rubino
Thank you, Alan. Looking ahead to the remainder of 2016, we would certainly will continue to focus on aggressively exploring and identifying and especially advancing the existing discussions with potential partners for Eligen B12. This will be true both for the U.S. and for attractive non-U.S. markets. We are focusing on companies as I have mentioned earlier with significant resources and bona fide interest in realizing the full healthcare and economic value of this unique product because we believe and it is demonstrated that it addresses a substantial and real unmet medical need. 
We will also be laser focused on securing new and/or expanding development partnerships with our carriers and doing this with high profile biopharmaceutical firms that have demonstrated interest in utilizing our Eligen drug delivery technology. Again as mentioned earlier few times during our conversation here this morning there has been significant and tangible interest expressed by several such organizations. These include some well known healthcare and biopharmaceutical companies that have strong R&D and commercial capabilities. All of these organizations share our goal of creating new oral formulations to replace important injectible products. 
We will also continue to effectively manage our cash resources and conduct calculated strategic spending to best preserve our financial resources. We are rather pleased by the significant advancement made recently on the business development front, but I must add we must continue to make steady progress and all of you know that and we will try to exercise the intended business outcomes we are seeking. 
We firmly believe that products developed using Eligen carriers have the potential to overcome bioavailability challenges commonly associated with the oral administration particular of peptides and certain other compounds. And we will remain fully engaged in all of these initiatives to turnaround Emisphere's course and create shareholder value for all of our loyal shareholders, those of you who have been with us for some time as well as new ones, we want to have everyone here for the longer term. 
Let me thank everyone now this morning for joining us on this call and look forward to updating you all on the progress on the subsequent calls on topics that we discussed here today. At this point I will turn this over for questions to our operator, Andrew. 
Question-and-Answer Session 
[Operator Instructions]. And it looks like we have no questioners in the queue at this time. So I would like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks. 
Alan L. Rubino
Okay, again it is very important and plus appreciate to have all of you on the call. If you have questions subsequent to this you can certainly call us here at the company. Those of you who have familiarity in our relationship please feel free because we do appreciate your ongoing interest and enthusiasm as well as your increasing challenges. So, feel free to do that and thank you all for being on this call today. Thanks very much. 
Operator 
Ladies and gentlemen thank you again for your participation in today's conference. This now concludes the program and you may all disconnect at this time. Everyone have a great day. 
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Healthcare, Drug Delivery & Accessories, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All EMIS TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector







Alan L. Rubino: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:49 AM ET
Pharmaceuticals

Company Overview of Emisphere Technologies, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Alan L. Rubino  Chief Executive Officer, President & Director, Emisphere Technologies, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 5 Board Members in 5 different organizations across 9 different industries.See Board Relationships62--As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Alan L. Rubino has been the Chief Executive Officer and President of Emisphere Technologies, Inc. since September 13, 2012 and served as its Secretary. Mr. Rubino serves as a Principal of Watchung Partners. He has 30 years of experience in pharmaceutical industry. His background includes executive responsibilities in both private and public companies encompassing business operations, business strategy, human resources, marketing, sales, corporate development and ... strategic planning. He served as Chief Executive Officer and President of New American Therapeutics, Inc. He served as the President of Akrimax Pharmaceuticals, LLC since February 2008 and also served as its Chief Executive Officer. He served as the President and Chief Operating Officer at Pharmos Corp. from November 14, 2005 to December 12, 2007. He served as Executive Vice President and General Manager of Sales Teams Business of PDI, Inc. from January 29, 2004 to April 18, 2005. He worked at Hoffmann-LaRoche for 24 years and held a variety of positions with broad responsibilities that encompassed Business Operations, Business Strategy, Human Resources and Sales and Marketing, including the launch of the first biotechnology product, Roferon-A(R). He serves as a Director of Aastrom Biosciences. He served as Senior Vice President of Business Operations of Hoffmann-LaRoche from 1997 to 2001 and served as its General Manager of Business Units. He served as Vice President for Business Operations and Corporate Officer of Hoffmann-LaRoche. He served as Senior Vice President of Pharmaceuticals Technology and Services Division of Cardinal Health. He joined Cardinal Health as part of the acquisition of BLPG, Inc., and served as its Executive Vice President & Managing Director.He serves as Director of Akrimax Pharmaceuticals. He has been an Independent Director of Vericel Corporation since September 30, 2005 and SANUWAVE Health, Inc., since September 3, 2013. He serves as a Director of Genisphere, Inc. He has been a Director of Emisphere Technologies, Inc. since September 13, 2012. He serves as a Director of Rutgers Business School of Newark and New Brunswick. He serves as a Trustee of BioNJ Inc. He is a member of the Rutgers Business School Advisory Board. He attended executive programs at both Harvard Business School and the University of Lausanne. He received a B.A in Economics from Rutgers University in 1976 with a minor in Biology and Chemistry and has completed post-graduate and several Executive Management Courses from Harvard Business School and IMEDE in Europe.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
4 Becker Farm RoadRoseland, New Jersey 07068United StatesPhone: 973-532-8000Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
TrusteeBioNJ Inc.DirectorGenisphere, LLC2005-PresentIndependent DirectorVericel Corporation2012-PresentChief Executive Officer, President & DirectorEmisphere Technologies, Inc.2013-PresentDirectorSANUWAVE Health, Inc.
Education
Master's Degree Harvard Business SchoolBA 1976Rutgers, The State University of New JerseyMaster's Degree IMD International
Other Affiliations
Vericel CorporationBioNJ Inc.Pharmos Corp.Interpace Diagnostics Group, Inc.Harvard Business SchoolRutgers, The State University of New JerseyIMD InternationalSANUWAVE Health, Inc.Genisphere, LLCAkrimax Pharmaceuticals, LLCNew American Therapeutics, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
Exercisable Options$2,100,000Exercisable Options Value$432,000Unexercisable Options$200,000Unexercisable Options Value$4,000Total Value of Options$436,000Total Number of Options$2,300,000
Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationOmar S. Ishrak Chairman & CEOMedtronic plc$1.5MMiles D. White Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive OfficerAbbott Laboratories$1.9MTimothy M. Ring Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerC. R. Bard, Inc.$1.1MMichael F. Mahoney Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentBoston Scientific Corporation$1.0MTimothy J. Miller Ph.D.Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorAbeona Therapeutics Inc.$507.0KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Emisphere Technologies, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



































Emisphere Technologies, Inc. Appoints Alan L. Rubino As President And Chief Executive Officer And Timothy G. Rothwell As Chairman Of The Board Of Directors; Announces New Corporate Strategy - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Emisphere Technologies, Inc. Appoints Alan L. Rubino As President And Chief Executive Officer And Timothy G. Rothwell As Chairman Of The Board Of Directors; Announces New Corporate Strategy






GlobeNewswire



Sep 17, 2012 4:20 PM EDT













 




























































    CEDAR KNOLLS, N.J., Sept. 17, 2012 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Emisphere Technologies, Inc. (OTCBB:EMIS) (the "Company") announced the appointment of Alan L. Rubino to the position of President and Chief Executive Officer, effective immediately. Mr. Rubino has also been elected to the Company's Board of Directors. "Alan is a seasoned industry executive with major and emerging pharmaceutical company experience. Throughout his career, he has consistently demonstrated the ability to successfully launch and grow profitable pharmaceutical products and efficient businesses. His versatile experiences, extensive industry connections and business development network, and exceptional reputation make him ideally suited to secure Emisphere's commercial success," said Dr. Michael Weiser, a member of the Board of Directors.  Mr. Rubino commented, "I was attracted to Emisphere by the broad potential of its Eligen ® Technology to improve therapeutic delivery of vital pharmaceutical products and the Company's goal to pursue an immediate commercial opportunity to create value by launching its market-ready Eligen ® Oral B12 product."  Timothy G. Rothwell, the newly appointed Chairman of the Company's Board of Directors commented that "the Company has decided to commercialize its Eligen ® Oral B12 product to begin to realize the promise of the Eligen ® drug delivery technology, and also to acquire other products to create value for the Company and its shareholders. Alan Rubino is the right leader to help pivot to this new business strategy and achieve our goals. While we have decided to pursue a new course to reposition Emisphere into a viable commercial-stage entity, anchored by the Eligen ® Oral B12 product, we remain dedicated to further realizing the full potential and commercial value of our platform Eligen ® Technology. To that end, we will continue to work closely with existing partners and will also expand our efforts to attract new delivery system and product development / licensing partnerships as well. We believe that the new Emisphere business strategy will create new opportunities for growth."  Dr. Weiser added "we're very fortunate to have Alan and Tim working together to lead Emisphere in charting this new course and direction. They have worked together closely in the past; they both have a reputation for the highest personal and business integrity, a proven track record of success, extensive business leadership experience and excellent business development networks throughout the industry. Alan and Tim are the right leaders to ensure the Company realizes its full potential and creates greater value for its shareholders."  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like






Tiny Biotechs Dancing in the Bull Pen
Itty bitty biotechs are big again, thanks to the H1N1 virus, cancer drug abstracts, and Vanda's recent success.



Adam Feuerstein

May 20, 2009 12:23 PM EDT

















Tuesday's Health Winners & Losers
Panacos falls on the departure of its CFO as well as a downgrade.



Elizabeth Trotta

Sep 25, 2007 3:17 PM EDT

















Thursday's Health Winners & Losers
Emisphere jumped after reporting positive results from clinical trials for two diabetes treatments.



Robert Holmes

Mar 29, 2007 4:48 PM EDT

















Tuesday's Health Winners & Losers
Adolor is rising.



Robert Holmes

Mar 13, 2007 11:59 AM EDT








































 











Trending


Starbucks Shares Are Crashing; Go Out and Buy!


Here's How You Can Get a Decent Job at Amazon on August 2


Tesla's Model 3 Arrives on Friday -- Here's Everything You Need to Know About This Over-Hyped Ride


Amazon's Disappointment Sinks Wall Street


Don't Buy the Hype, Twitter Isn't Dead Yet; AT&T, Verizon Prove Their Worth











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 





















Alan L. Rubino - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Alan L. Rubino
President and Chief Executive Officer at Emisphere Technologies, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Alan L. Rubino? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Alan L. Rubino's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Alan L. Rubino's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Alan L. Rubino's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Alan L. Rubino through your network of contacts.
												








Alan L. Rubino's Executive Work History


Current


President and Chief Executive Officer, 
Emisphere Technologies, Inc.


Board Member, 
Vericel Corporation


Board Member, 
SANUWAVE Health, Inc.


Past
To view Alan L. Rubino's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
62

 
 


Alan L. Rubino's Biography



Alan L. Rubino joined Emisphere on September 13, 2012, as President and Chief Executive Officer and, in connection therewith, was appointed as a Class II Director of the Company. His career spans over 30 years at every level of the biopharmaceutical industry. From October 2010 until July 2012, he served as Chief Executive Officer and President of New American Therapeutics, Inc., where he and his team presided over a venture that was focused on the acquisition, marketing, and ultimate sale of Denavir, a leading Rx topical therapeutic for HSV-1 cold sore treatment. From February 2008 to September 2010, Mr. Rubino was CEO and President of Akrima ...
(Read More)

			Alan L. Rubino joined Emisphere on September 13, 2012, as President and Chief Executive Officer and, in connection therewith, was appointed as a Class II Director of the Company. His career spans over 30 years at every level of the biopharmaceutical industry. From October 2010 until July 2012, he served as Chief Executive Officer and President of New American Therapeutics, Inc., where he and his team presided over a venture that was focused on the acquisition, marketing, and ultimate sale of Denavir, a leading Rx topical therapeutic for HSV-1 cold sore treatment. From February 2008 to September 2010, Mr. Rubino was CEO and President of Akrimax Pharmaceuticals, where he acquired two Rx launch products, NitroMist and Tirosint, which are actively marketed and in growth phases today. Prior to 2008, he was President and Chief Operating Officer of the Pharmos Corporation, which was a development-stage publicly-held firm, where he led the transformation of the company through the acquisition of Vela Pharmaceuticals. Mr. Rubino also spent four years in senior executive leadership positions on the strategic services side at both Cardinal Health and PDI, Inc., both public companies that provided high-level outsourcing offerings to the pharmaceutical industry. A major portion of Mr. Rubino's career includes twenty-four years spent at Hoffmann-La Roche, where he served as a corporate officer and member of the US Executive Committee and held a variety of key senior executive positions with broad general management responsibilities leading major business units and operations, marketing, business development, alliance management, human resources, and supply chain/manufacturing. At Hoffmann-La Roche, Mr. Rubino led many key top level executive initiatives and presided over numerous commercial product launches across a spectrum of therapeutic areas, including the introduction of the world's first biological product in Roferon-A [alfa-interferon 2a]. Currently, Mr. Rubino serves on the Boards of Directors of Aastrom Biosciences (NASDAQ: ASTM) and is Chairman of the Compensation Committee, and on the Board of Directors of SANUWAVE Health, Inc. (SNWV: OTC BB), Vericel Corporation (NASDAQ: VCEL) and Genisphere, Inc., and serves on the Rutgers Business School Board of Advisors.
		
Source: Emisphere Technologies, Inc. on 04/14/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Alan L. Rubino's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Alan L. Rubino. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Alan L. Rubino's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Alan L. Rubino's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Alan L. Rubino through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Alan L. Rubino


















Alan L. Rubino's Connections (119)





Sign up now to view Alan L. Rubino's 119 connections »









Carl V. Sailer
Former Vice President Sales and Marketing, Emisphere Technologies, Inc.









Michael R. Garone
Vice President, Finance, Chief Financial Officer and Interim Chief Executive Officer, Immunomedics, Inc.









Dominick C. Colangelo
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Vericel Corporation









Daniel R. Orlando
Chief Operating Officer, Vericel Corporation









Srinivas Akkaraju
Board Member, Seattle Genetics, Inc.









Robert L. Zerbe
Former Chairman of the Board, Vericel Corporation









Mark H. Rachesky
Board Member, Lions Gate Entertainment Corp.









Ronald M. Cresswell
Former Board Member, Vericel Corporation









M. Gary I. Riley
Former Chief Scientific Officer, Emisphere Technologies, Inc.









Ronnda L. Bartel
Former Chief Scientific Officer, Vericel Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Emisphere Technologies, Inc. Appoints Alan L. Rubino as President and Chief Executive Officer and Timothy G. Rothwell as Chairman of the Board of Directors; Announces New Corporate Strategy (OTC-US:EMIS)






























 



Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS





Sep 17, 2012



 Previous Release | Next Release 


PDF

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase



Emisphere Technologies, Inc. Appoints Alan L. Rubino as President and Chief Executive Officer and Timothy G. Rothwell as Chairman of the Board of Directors; Announces New Corporate Strategy

CEDAR KNOLLS, N.J., Sept. 17, 2012 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Emisphere Technologies, Inc. (OTCBB:EMIS) (the "Company") announced the appointment of Alan L. Rubino to the position of President and Chief Executive Officer, effective immediately. Mr. Rubino has also been elected to the Company's Board of Directors. "Alan is a seasoned industry executive with major and emerging pharmaceutical company experience. Throughout his career, he has consistently demonstrated the ability to successfully launch and grow profitable pharmaceutical products and efficient businesses. His versatile experiences, extensive industry connections and business development network, and exceptional reputation make him ideally suited to secure Emisphere's commercial success," said Dr. Michael Weiser, a member of the Board of Directors.

Mr. Rubino commented, "I was attracted to Emisphere by the broad potential of its Eligen® Technology to improve therapeutic delivery of vital pharmaceutical products and the Company's goal to pursue an immediate commercial opportunity to create value by launching its market-ready Eligen® Oral B12 product."

Timothy G. Rothwell, the newly appointed Chairman of the Company's Board of Directors commented that "the Company has decided to commercialize its Eligen® Oral B12 product to begin to realize the promise of the Eligen® drug delivery technology, and also to acquire other products to create value for the Company and its shareholders. Alan Rubino is the right leader to help pivot to this new business strategy and achieve our goals. While we have decided to pursue a new course to reposition Emisphere into a viable commercial-stage entity, anchored by the Eligen® Oral B12 product, we remain dedicated to further realizing the full potential and commercial value of our platform Eligen® Technology. To that end, we will 
continue to work closely with existing partners and will also expand our efforts to attract new delivery system and product development / licensing partnerships as well. We believe that the new Emisphere business strategy will create new opportunities for growth."


 Dr. Weiser added "we're very fortunate to have Alan and Tim working together to lead Emisphere in charting this new course and direction. They have worked together closely in the past; they both have a reputation for the highest personal and business integrity, a proven track record of success, extensive business leadership experience and excellent business development networks throughout the industry. Alan and Tim are the right leaders to ensure the Company realizes its full potential and creates greater value for its shareholders."

Mr. Rubino's career spans over 30 years at every level of the biopharmaceutical industry. Most recently, he was Chief Executive Officer and President of New American Therapeutics, Inc., where he and his team presided over a most successful venture that was focused on the acquisition, marketing, and ultimate sale of Denavir, a leading Rx topical therapeutic for HSV-1 cold sore treatment which delivered a substantial return to its investment partners. A major portion of Mr. Rubino's highly successful career includes his twenty-four years spent at Hoffmann-La Roche where he rose through the ranks to become a corporate officer and member of the US Executive Committee. He held a variety of key senior executive positions with broad general management responsibilities leading major business units and operations, marketing, business development, 
alliance management, human resources, and supply chain/manufacturing. He led many key top level executive initiatives and presided over numerous commercial product launches across a spectrum of therapeutic areas including the introduction of the world's first biological product in Roferon-A [alfa-interferon 2a].

Mr. Rothwell is the former Chairman of Sanofi-Aventis U.S., having also served as President and Chief Executive Officer. In his various roles at Sanofi-Aventis U.S., he was responsible for overseeing all domestic commercial operations as well as coordinating Industrial Affairs and Research and Development activities.

About Emisphere Technologies, Inc.

Emisphere is a biopharmaceutical company that focuses on a unique and improved delivery of pharmaceutical compounds, medical foods and dietary supplements using its Eligen® Technology. These molecules and compounds could be currently available or in development. Such molecules are usually delivered by injection; in many cases, their benefits are limited due to poor bioavailability, slow on-set of action or variable absorption. The Eligen® Technology can be applied to the oral route of administration as well other delivery pathways, such as buccal, rectal, inhalation, intra-vaginal or transdermal. The Company's website is: www.emisphere.com.

Safe Harbor Statement Regarding Forward-looking Statements

The statements in this release and oral statements made by representatives of Emisphere relating to matters that are not historical facts (including without limitation those regarding the timing or potential outcomes of research collaborations or clinical trials, any market that might develop for any of Emisphere's product candidates, the sufficiency of Emisphere's cash and other capital resources and its ability to obtain additional financing to meet its capital needs) are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the likelihood that future research will prove successful, the likelihood that any product in the research pipeline will receive regulatory approval in 
the United States or abroad, the ability of Emisphere and/or its partners to develop, manufacture and commercialize products using Emisphere's drug delivery technology, Emisphere's ability to fund such efforts with or without partners, and other risks and uncertainties detailed in Emisphere's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including those factors discussed under the caption "Risk Factors" in Emisphere's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011 (file no. 000-17758) filed on 
March 21, 2012, the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, filed on May 9, 2012, and the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012, filed on August 7, 2012.
CONTACT: Michael R. Garone, Chief Financial Officer

         973.532.8005 or mgarone@emisphere.com

Source: Emisphere Technologies, Inc.

News Provided by Acquire Media








 

Alan Rubino, Emisphere Technologies Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  





























Feedback





Alan Rubino

President/CEO,
Emisphere Technologies Inc






Career History




President/CEO
Emisphere Technologies Inc, 9/2012-PRESENT


President/CEO
New American Therapeutics Inc, 10/2010-7/2012


President/COO
Pharmos Corp, 11/2005-12/2007


Exec VP/Gen Mgr:Sales Team
Pdi Inc, 1/2004-4/2005


President/CEO
Akrimax Pharmaceuticals LLC, 2/2008-UNKNOWN


Senior VP:Pharmaceutical
Cardinal Health Inc, FORMER



F Hoffmann-LA Roche Ltd, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.emisphere.com






Corporate Information
Address:

4 Becker Farm Road
Suite 103
Roseland, NJ 07068
United States


Phone:
1-973-532-8000


Fax:
1-973-532-8121


Web url:
www.emisphere.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Rutgers The State University of New Jersey
Bachelor's Degree, Economics


President & Fellows of Harvard College
Post-Graduate Certificate


University of Lausanne
Post-Graduate Certificate


Show More








Memberships



Board Memberships




Aastrom Biosciences Inc


Board Member, PRESENT




Genisphere LLC


Board Member, PRESENT




Vericel Corp


Board Member, 11/2014-PRESENT




Sanuwave Health Inc


Board Member, 9/2013-PRESENT




Emisphere Technologies Inc


Board Member, 9/2012-PRESENT




Aastrom Biosciences Inc


Board Member, 9/2005-11/2014




Genisphere Inc


Board Member, FORMER



Show More





Other Memberships




Rutgers Univ Schl of Business


Board Member




Lerner Center for Pharmaceutical Studies


Board Member









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































	Emisphere Technologies Inc Appoints Alan L Rubino as President and Chief Executive Officer and Timothy G Rothwell as Chairman of the Board of Directors













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






Emisphere Technologies, Inc. (EMIS) Appoints Alan L. Rubino as President and Chief Executive Officer and Timothy G. Rothwell as Chairman of the Board of Directors; Announces New Corporate Strategy  











Tweet








9/18/2012 6:47:28 AM


CEDAR KNOLLS, N.J., Sept. 17, 2012 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Emisphere Technologies, Inc. (EMIS) (the "Company") announced the appointment of Alan L. Rubino to the position of President and Chief Executive Officer, effective immediately. Mr. Rubino has also been elected to the Company's Board of Directors. "Alan is a seasoned industry executive with major and emerging pharmaceutical company experience. Throughout his career, he has consistently demonstrated the ability to successfully launch and grow profitable pharmaceutical products and efficient businesses. His versatile experiences, extensive industry connections and business development network, and exceptional reputation make him ideally suited to secure Emisphere's commercial success," said Dr. Michael Weiser, a member of the Board of Directors.

Mr. Rubino commented, "I was attracted to Emisphere by the broad potential of its Eligen(R) Technology to improve therapeutic delivery of vital pharmaceutical products and the Company's goal to pursue an immediate commercial opportunity to create value by launching its market-ready Eligen(R) Oral B12 product."

Timothy G. Rothwell, the newly appointed Chairman of the Company's Board of Directors commented that "the Company has decided to commercialize its Eligen(R) Oral B12 product to begin to realize the promise of the Eligen(R) drug delivery technology, and also to acquire other products to create value for the Company and its shareholders. Alan Rubino is the right leader to help pivot to this new business strategy and achieve our goals. While we have decided to pursue a new course to reposition Emisphere into a viable commercial-stage entity, anchored by the Eligen(R) Oral B12 product, we remain dedicated to further realizing the full potential and commercial value of our platform Eligen(R) Technology. To that end, we will continue to work closely with existing partners and will also expand our efforts to attract new delivery system and product development / licensing partnerships as well. We believe that the new Emisphere business strategy will create new opportunities for growth."

Dr. Weiser added "we're very fortunate to have Alan and Tim working together to lead Emisphere in charting this new course and direction. They have worked together closely in the past; they both have a reputation for the highest personal and business integrity, a proven track record of success, extensive business leadership experience and excellent business development networks throughout the industry. Alan and Tim are the right leaders to ensure the Company realizes its full potential and creates greater value for its shareholders."

Mr. Rubino's career spans over 30 years at every level of the biopharmaceutical industry. Most recently, he was Chief Executive Officer and President of New American Therapeutics, Inc., where he and his team presided over a most successful venture that was focused on the acquisition, marketing, and ultimate sale of Denavir, a leading Rx topical therapeutic for HSV-1 cold sore treatment which delivered a substantial return to its investment partners. A major portion of Mr. Rubino's highly successful career includes his twenty-four years spent at Hoffmann-La Roche where he rose through the ranks to become a corporate officer and member of the US Executive Committee. He held a variety of key senior executive positions with broad general management responsibilities leading major business units and operations, marketing, business development, alliance management, human resources, and supply chain/manufacturing. He led many key top level executive initiatives and presided over numerous commercial product launches across a spectrum of therapeutic areas including the introduction of the world's first biological product in Roferon-A [alfa-interferon 2a].

Mr. Rothwell is the former Chairman of Sanofi-Aventis U.S., having also served as President and Chief Executive Officer. In his various roles at Sanofi-Aventis U.S., he was responsible for overseeing all domestic commercial operations as well as coordinating Industrial Affairs and Research and Development activities.

About Emisphere Technologies, Inc.

Emisphere is a biopharmaceutical company that focuses on a unique and improved delivery of pharmaceutical compounds, medical foods and dietary supplements using its Eligen(R) Technology. These molecules and compounds could be currently available or in development. Such molecules are usually delivered by injection; in many cases, their benefits are limited due to poor bioavailability, slow on-set of action or variable absorption. The Eligen(R) Technology can be applied to the oral route of administration as well other delivery pathways, such as buccal, rectal, inhalation, intra-vaginal or transdermal. The Company's website is: www.emisphere.com.

Safe Harbor Statement Regarding Forward-looking Statements

The statements in this release and oral statements made by representatives of Emisphere relating to matters that are not historical facts (including without limitation those regarding the timing or potential outcomes of research collaborations or clinical trials, any market that might develop for any of Emisphere's product candidates, the sufficiency of Emisphere's cash and other capital resources and its ability to obtain additional financing to meet its capital needs) are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the likelihood that future research will prove successful, the likelihood that any product in the research pipeline will receive regulatory approval in the United States or abroad, the ability of Emisphere and/or its partners to develop, manufacture and commercialize products using Emisphere's drug delivery technology, Emisphere's ability to fund such efforts with or without partners, and other risks and uncertainties detailed in Emisphere's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including those factors discussed under the caption "Risk Factors" in Emisphere's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011 (file no. 000-17758) filed on March 21, 2012, the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, filed on May 9, 2012, and the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012, filed on August 7, 2012.

Contact:

Michael R. Garone, Chief Financial Officer
973.532.8005 or mgarone@emisphere.com






                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
Emisphere Technologies, Inc. (EMIS) Announces Financial Results for the Second Quarter Ended June 30, 2012  Igenica, Inc. Appoints Mary Haak-Frendscho, Ph.D., as Chief Executive Officer  Emisphere Technologies, Inc. (EMIS) Announces Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call  Northwest Biotherapeutics (NWBT) Appoints Pharma Industry Veteran as CEO of German Subsidiary  Emisphere Technologies, Inc. (EMIS) Announces Financial Results for First Quarter Ended March 31, 2012  Mucosis B.V. Appoints Thomas Johnston to CEO  Emisphere Technologies, Inc. (EMIS) Announces Financial Results for Fourth Quarter and Year Ended December 31, 2011  Andrew Gengos Out, John Walker in as Neuraltus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. CEO  Emisphere Technologies, Inc. (EMIS) Reports Update on the Clinical Development of Oral Calcitonin in Osteoarthritis and Osteoporosis  Nordion Restructures Business Into Two Units, Appoints Board Member  




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            Emisphere Technologies, Inc.




             
        





                            •
                            Biotech/Pharma - Personnel




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 

































Alan L. Rubino | BioNJ













































































Skip to content











Because Patients Can't Wait®


609-890-3185 |  BioNJ@BioNJ.org
 




 















Alan L. Rubino

Posted on May 5, 2010March 26, 2014 by BioNJ 


Emisphere Technologies, Inc., Chief Executive Officer
Alan L. Rubino joined Emisphere in 2012 as President and Chief Executive Officer. Upon joining, he was also appointed as Class II Director of the Company. Mr. Rubino’s career spans over 30 years at every level of the biopharmaceutical industry.

Previously, he was President and CEO of New American Therapeutics Inc., a private specialty pharmaceutical company that acquired, marketed and developed therapeutic products and achieved major success through the acquisition, marketing, and eventual sale of its herpes labialis drug, Denavir® where the team tripled sales in 18 months and sold the asset for a multiple of three times sales. Mr. Rubino served before New American Therapeutics, Inc. as the CEO and President of Akrimax Pharmaceuticals, where he and team acquired Tirosint® and NitroMist®, two key NDA approved launch products.  Rounding out his background, he had also been President and COO of another publicly-held entity, Pharmos Corporation, where he led the transformation of the company through the acquisition of Vela Pharmaceuticals. Mr. Rubino also spent four years in senior leadership positions on the strategic services side of the healthcare sector with two other public companies, Cardinal Health and PDI Inc.
A major portion of Mr. Rubino’s highly successful career includes his twenty-four years spent at Hoffmann-La Roche, now Genentech (a subsidiary of Roche) which remains one of the world’s top 10 biopharmaceutical companies.  At Roche, he was a corporate officer and member of the U.S. Executive Committee. He held a variety of key senior executive positions that encompassed business operations, business strategy, human resources, marketing, sales, corporate development and strategic planning.
Mr. Rubino currently serves on the Corporate Boards of Aastrom Biosciences, Genisphere, Inc. and Sanuwave Health, Inc. For the past 17 years, he has served on the Board of Rutgers University School of Business and the Lerner Center for Pharmaceutical Studies. Mr. Rubino holds a B.A. in economics from Rutgers University along with a full minor in biology and chemistry. He also attended multiple executive education courses at Harvard Business School and the University of Lausanne in Switzerland.







 Become a Member  



Upcoming Events




Life Sciences Industry Summit



August 2 




18th International Conference On Alzheimer’s Drug Discovery



September 11 - September 12 




BioNJ’s CEO Summit



October 27 




Patient Advocacy Summit



November 8 




Inspiring Women in STEM Conference



December 1 



View All Events









 














