





Russell, John G. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































John G. Russell
John G. Russell is President and Chief Executive Officer of CMS Energy and its principal subsidiary, Consumers Energy, which serves 1.8 million electric customers and 1.7 million natural gas customers. Prior to his current position, Mr. Russell was President and Chief Operating Officer of Consumers Energy from 2004 to 2010. He also served as President of the electric utility until 2004. Previously, Mr. Russell was Senior Vice President of electric transmission and distribution, and held several leadership positions in customer operations, electric restructuring and logistics management. During a break in service from 1985 to 1987, Mr. Russell managed the shipping operations for Meijer Inc. Mr. Russell graduated from Michigan State University with a bachelor’s degree in business administration in 1980. In 1994, he completed the Program for Management Development at the Harvard Business School. He is a member of the boards of directors for CMS Energy and Consumers Energy, and Hubbell Incorporated. He also serves on the boards of the Edison Electric Institute (EEI), the American Gas Association (AGA) and the Business Leaders for Michigan.
Related Interviews:Interview with the President and CEO: CMS Energy (CMS)January 24, 2014







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google












 


Homepage | Russell Logistics



















MenuMenuClose


















											        Delivering Your Promises
                                                        
                                                            Learn More
										                











											        Dedicated Warehouse Solutions
                                                        
                                                            Learn More
										                











											        Leading Contract Packing Facilities
                                                        
                                                            Learn More
										                











											        Pioneering rail freight for over 40 years
                                                        
                                                            Learn More
										                











											        Bespoke Supply Chain Training 
                                                        
                                                            Learn More
										                











											        Maintenance and repair services to DVSA standards
                                                        
                                                            Learn More
										                











											        International forwarding & distribution
                                                        
                                                            Learn More
										                














Distribution
With over 250 vehicles, 1000 trailers, and a team of skilled and dedicated employees, Russell Transport pride ourselves on continually striving to exceed customer expectations.

									            Read More 







Contract Packing
As Scotland's leading Contract Packing provider, Russell is the perfect partner for any project; offering seamless innovative solutions, no matter the size or complexity of the task.

									            Read More 







Warehousing
With over one million square feet of rail linked bonded warehousing, Russell offers a wide range of warehousing services to a variety of customers within the FMCG, Engineering, Automotive and Logistics sectors.

									            Read More 







International
Russell International is the shipping, forwarding and foreign distribution division within Russell Logistics.

									            Read More 







E-Fulfilment
Russell offer a fully integrated e-fulfilment service to online retailers. You do the marketing and selling, we sort out everything in between.

									            Read More 







Engineering
Russell Logistics offer 3rd party maintenance and repair services to DVSA standards across our three workshops in Scotland, as well as the flexibility of a mobile maintenance and break down service.

									            Read More 







Rail Freight
Russell have been pioneering the use of rail freight for over 40 years. 

									            Read More 







Self Storage
Russell Self Storage operate across central Scotland from sites in Hillington and Cumbernauld, providing a secure, clean and convenient home for all your storage requirements.

									            Read More 







Property
Russell own and manage a portfolio of commercial premises across Scotland, ranging from incubator office spaces through to industrial and warehousing units.

									            Read More 







Container Leasing
Russell Container Leasing provide containers which are presented in a clean and watertight condition, with ground level entry. 

									            Read More 







Cask Warehousing
With over 100,000 sq. ft. of bonded cask warehousing across Scotland, our dedicated and experienced team provide a full cask storage and management service for our customers.

									            Read More 







Tank Wash
Russell Logistics offer an internal tank wash service at our Coatbridge depot for all types of food-grade and chemical products.

									            Read More 







Training & Consultancy
Russell's Supply Chain Training Centre offers bespoke training across the industry.

									            Read More 


















 


cask warehousing glasgow | Russell Logistics



















MenuMenuClose















Cask Warehousing















With over 100,000 sq. ft. of bonded cask warehousing across Scotland, our dedicated and experienced team provide a full cask storage and management service for our customers.
Our cask warehousing team offer a highly reactive and comprehensive service to our customers, providing the following services:

Storage – racked, palletised, dunnage
Sampling
Re-gauging
Re-racking
Transfer from cask to IBC
Sampling

Features

HMRC compliant
Ground or dock leveller loading
Loading areas suitable for double decked trailers
CCTV & Grade 1 intruder alarms
Fully integrated warehouse management system


For more information contact 0141 810 8220 or email warehousing@johngrussell.co.uk








Warehousing






Distribution

















 


Contract Packing | Russell Logistics



















MenuMenuClose















Contract Packing















As Scotland's leading Contract Packing provider, Russell is the perfect partner for any project; offering seamless innovative solutions, no matter the size or complexity of the task.

Our experienced and dedicated team work in partnership with our customers to deliver significant benefits; streamlining operations to drive value and increase productivity, whilst maintaining quality and service.
Our tailored services include:

Luxury Gift Packing
Wet & Self Adhesive Labelling
Decant of Spirit
Shrink Wrapping
Case/Carton Assembly
Inspection
Merchandising Units

Our features include:

HMRC compliant
Fully integrated system
CCTV and 24/7 manned guarding
Located within 65 acre site with 300,000 sq. ft. of warehousing


For more information please contact Russell Contract Packing on 0141 810 8274 or email contractpacking@johngrussell.co.uk








E-Fulfilment






Warehousing

















 


News | Russell Logistics



















MenuMenuClose















News













Our 2017 newsletter is here
29/05/2017

Find out what has been happening across the Group in our latest newsletter.
Read more 



Meet the Newest Member of Our Customer Service Team
21/02/2017
Meet the Newest Member of Our Customer Service Team
Read more 




1
2
…
7
Next Page »








Find By Date
Month

May 2017
February 2017


October 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
April 2016
December 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015

More 
Less 


Year

2017
2016


2015

More 
Less 
















 


Contact | Russell Logistics



















MenuMenuClose















Contact









Contact us to find out more about our logistics services and solutions and how we can help your business.
Below is a list of our business units and the contact details for each. If you are unsure which is best for you then please contact our Head Office where we will be happy to help.
Our Offices







Head Office



 +44 (0) 141 810 8200
 sales@johngrussell.co.uk






Distribution 



 +44 (0)1236 703 300
 sales@johngrussell.co.uk






Container Control/Warehouse



 +44 (0)1236 703 320
 sales@johngrussell.co.uk






Warehousing



 +44 (0)141 810 8220
 warehousing@johngrussell.co.uk






International



 +44 (0)1236 707 278
 international@johngrussell.co.uk






Self Storage



 +44 (0)845 850 8575
 www.russellselfstorage.co.uk
 info@russellselfstorage.co.uk






Contract Packing



 0141 810 8274
 contractpacking@johngrussell.co.uk






Rail



 01788 206781
 sales@johngrussell.co.uk






Container Hire



 0141 333 1967 
 morag.wigfield@johngrussell.co.uk






Property



 0141 810 8220
 sales@johngrussell.co.uk






Training and Advisory



 0141 810 8200
 sales@johngrussell.co.uk






Engineering



 0141 557 1280
 sales@russellgroupengineering.co.uk







Get In Touch




Email Address (This is a hidden field, do not fill it in):



Name*



Email address



Telephone



Message*



* = required













John G Russell (Transport) LimitedDeanside Road, HillingtonGlasgow, G52 4XB
+44 (0) 141 810 8200
















 


Compliance | Russell Logistics



















MenuMenuClose















Compliance















Warehousing






Rail Freight






International






Distribution







As both an employer and a leading service provider, Russell Logistics fully understand our responsibility towards health and safety, training and the environment.
Health and Safety
A strong focus on health & safety and training has been fundamental in the development of our operations. We pride ourselves on the high standards practised throughout the company and are committed to the continual development in these areas. We conduct our business in a way that ensures the health, safety and well being of our employees, contractors and any person affected by our activities through the efficient execution of procedures, training and monitoring systems.
Russell Logistics ensures all of its employees are competent and trained for the tasks they are expected to undertake. Our employees are trained and assessed from a number of sources both in-house and via external professional bodies.
Training
Russell Logistics recognise the vital role that all employees play in achieving our vision. Training and personal development are therefore viewed as crucial.
The company ensures all employees are trained in the requirements of their job and in the standards expected. The need for training will be identified by line managers, usually during the appraisal/personal development review process.
Training will be used to address identified skill shortages and may take various forms; such as on the job, off the job and shadowing.
There will be a mix of internal and external training providers delivering high quality training to further develop the existing skills of our employees in an ever changing operational environment.
Russell wish to retain a highly skilled and motivated workforce to consistently deliver value added logistics.
Environment
Russell Logistics plays a key role in the supply chain management of several major businesses and takes its environmental performance and responsibilities seriously. Our performance affects not only our success at meeting our own environmental commitments, but also plays an important part in helping our customers meet theirs.
As major users of motor vehicles and mechanical equipment that can effect the environment, we recognise the importance and therefore take all reasonable steps in order to mitigate any adverse effects. Conforming to existing legislation is a given however over the years, Russell has sought to excel with initiatives involving recycling, fuel reduction, alternative power sources, reduced road miles and empty running.
Accreditations 


















 


Rail Freight | Russell Logistics



















MenuMenuClose















Rail Freight















Russell have been pioneering the use of rail freight for over 40 years. With 6 UK rail freight terminals in operation, Russell provides high value solutions across the UK and Europe.
Due to rail's environmental benefits, many manufacturers and retailers are keen to develop their use of rail freight throughout the UK and Europe. Russell promote and encourage, where viable and sustainable, the transfer of freight from road to rail.

Due to rail's environmental benefits, many manufacturers and retailers are keen to develop their use of rail freight across the UK and Europe

 However, Rail cannot operate in isolation from other transport modes, therefore, all Russell rail linked depots are road connected with an on-site distribution fleet enabling the smooth transfer of goods for onward delivery.
Russell's rail linked sites include Daventry, Edinburgh (Leith), Glasgow (Hillington), Coatbridge, Inverness, and Aberdeen. These terminals, alongside the 3rd party terminals in use, provide our customers with national coverage.

To view the routes our rail services take, including the use of 3rd party terminals, please visit our locations page. 
For more information please contact 01788 206780 or email rail@johngrussell.co.uk
 








Distribution






Warehousing




















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.


















Russell John G | Skyland NC | Read Reviews + Get a Free Bid | BuildZoom


































































×





Want a quote from
Russell John G?


We recommend getting 3 quotes
for any construction project. 
Use our
free bidding system
to get a quote from Russell John G
+ 2 more of the best.



Tell us about your project









Is this your business? Claim now >






R







Alert*



*No active license on file. If you are Russell John G, update license info here.



 Skyland, NC 








Russell John G




this is my business



Contact us






Alert*



*No active license on file. If you are Russell John G, update license info here.




WRITE A REVIEW















Summary


Building
Permits
(1)



this is my business
request a quote















Home

 
/


Search

 
/


 best General Contractors in Skyland 

 



Updated: Jul 13, 2017





Overview

Their BuildZoom score of 0 does not rank in the top 50% of North Carolina contractors.If you are thinking of hiring Russell John G, we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board and using our bidding system to get competitive quotes. 






Project Types Offered



Commercial Construction
Other New Construction
Kitchen Addition
Bathroom Addition
Room Addition
Other Additions
Multi-Room Remodel
Kitchen Remodel
Bathroom Remodel
Basement Remodel
Commercial Renovation
Multi-Family Remodeling
Other Remodeling
Office Renovation
Restaurant Renovation
Retail Renovation
Other Tenant Improvement
Framing
Garage Construction






Contact




Street Address: P O Box 4, Skyland, NC 28776 

Edit





Do you work for this business?
Unlock this free profile
to update company info and see who's viewing your profile.








Notable Building Permits filed by Russell John G




Sort by:
Notable
Notable
 | 
Date
Date
 | 
Job Value
Job Value




















Fire: operational



92 Gay St, Asheville, NC, 28801
2014-06-03


Montford park players smoke bombs on stage for montford park players, june 1, 2014 thru june 28, 2014, friday, saturday and sunday, 7:30pm thru 10:30pm;sls 


Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

14-07731



Status:

Issued



Fee:

N/A



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A















Similar Contractors
See more









P O Box 471, Clyde, NC 28721


Church Design Construction Consultants Com...




License # 10846


Clyde, NC







90

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


-
Projects














14 Mimidis Lane, Suite C, Swannanoa, NC 28778

(704) 586-9169 ext. 12297


Scroggs Construction Services LLC




License # 77415


Swannanoa, NC







121

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


53
Projects














18 Bull Mountain Rd., Asheville, NC 28805
(919) 289-0516 ext. 2925


Advanced Commercial, LLC




License # 15473


Asheville, NC







102

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


27
Projects













Russell John G Reviews



BuildZoom hasn't received any reviews for Russell John G. Click here to be alerted when reviews are posted about them.



Please write a review about Russell John G










1
Rate this contractor







Click stars to rate




2
Provide a detailed review of this contractor.






 














Recent Buildzoom Projects


View all








Custom Home Build










Restaurant Buildout










Swimming Pool Project










Kitchen Remodel










Bathroom Remodel








Request a Quote





Explore BuildZoom

If you are considering hiring Russell John G,
we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board
and using our
bidding system
to get competitive quotes.




Hiring a contractor?






Get bids from BuildZoom's best contractors within 5 mins during regular business hours by filling out this form




I need help with...





Zip Code





Request Quotes From





0


Russell John G








90


Church Design Construction Consultants Commercial







121


Scroggs Construction Services LLC







102


Advanced Commercial, LLC






Request a Quote







License info














Inactive License


License #47842StatusInactiveStateNorth CarolinaTypeBuilding


According to the North Carolina Licensing Board for General Contractors, the status of this license was at one point cancelled. However, this information may have changed. If this is your business, please update your license status.Check this license's status for Russell John G at the North Carolina Licensing Board for General Contractors.












ALERT*




BuildZoom Score


How the BuildZoom Score works*No active license on file. If you are Russell John G, update license info here.








Follow this contractor








Employees







Russell, John G
Owner
















Before you Hire

Here are some rules, regulations, and laws governing general contractors
in North Carolina:













Does Russell John G carry a valid contracting license?



In North Carolina a construction project with costs of $30,000 or more requires a contractor to be licensed.
Russell John G currently holds license 47842 (Building), which was Inactive when we last checked. 











How important is contractor licensing in North Carolina?



Contractors in North Carolina must take an exam administered by PSI licensure certification in order to become licensed. 











Your liability risk when hiring Russell John G



Although state law does not require contractors to carry general liability or workers' compensation insurance, hiring contractors who do have an active policy of each insurance is highly recommended. Request a copy of each insurance certificate for your records before any work begins.











Financial recourse when hiring Russell John G



Contractors in North Carolina do not have to obtain a surety bond to perform work on residential properties. Homeowners have financial recourse in North Carolina through The Homeowners Recovery Fund, which provides assistance to eligible North Carolina homeowners who have suffered a financial loss caused by the dishonest or incompetent conduct of a licensed general contractor.











What else should I know before hiring Russell John G



Licensed contractors must furnish proof of financial responsibility to obtain a limited, intermediate, or unlimited license according to a company's working capital. Working capital is current assets minus current liabilities.











How is the BuildZoom score calculated?



The BuildZoom score is based on a number of factors including the contractor's license status, insurance status, verified work history, standing with local consumer interest groups, verified reviews from other BuildZoom users and self-reported feedback from the contractor.











Why you should hire through BuildZoom



When it comes to major construction work or even minor alterations to your home, hiring the wrong contractor could result in incomplete or defective work. You may even find yourself dealing with huge liability claims. BuildZoom does the homework for you and helps you hire the right contractor.











You should get several bids before hiring a contractor



Before hiring a contractor in North Carolina, be sure to get at least 3 detailed bids. Quality contractors will take the time to explain their budget proposal, and help guide you through the estimate process. Be wary of an abnormally low bid, they are not worth the risk. These underpriced projects often do not end well for the homeowner, choose a contractor you trust and can clearly communicate with. BuildZoom has made the bid collection process extremely simple (and free). Just click here to get started.









About BuildZoom






BuildZoom has one simple purpose: To help you find the perfect contractor
for any job, commercial or residential.


BuildZoom is a database of every licensed contractor in the United States.
We work hard to figure out who the great contractors are, and who the bad
contractors are.

more...





BuildZoom combines license information on 3.5 million contractors with
110 million building permits, and over 80,000
reviews from property owners.If you are looking for a specific
contractor and you can’t find them on BuildZoom, it’s likely that they do
not have a license - please
contact us
and we’ll try to help!



Finding a Contractor through BuildZoom



The best way to use BuildZoom is to let us recommend contractors for
your remodeling projects.


Homeowners who

hire through BuildZoom's free bidding system
 report high rates of satisfaction, and homeowners who research
contractors online are twice as likely to be happy at the end of their
project.


If you hire a contractor through BuildZoom, that contractor is
accountable to us. We can enforce standards of behavior, mediate
disputes, and guarantee satisfaction.



Read more about why hiring through BuildZoom is so effective.
 
less...









Press Coverage





BuildZoom’s database now contains every licensed contractor across the U.S. - over 2.5 million of them... Categorized contractor profiles are enriched using government data from state licensing boards, Better Business Bureau ratings, and more…


BuildZoom jumped into the fray by announcing that it raised $10.6 million in a round led by Formation 8. ...the Y combinator-backed startup said it will be focused on remodeling projects, where the median budget is around $19,000…


A new index compiled by BuildZoom — which identifies contractors for projects — found that renovations are
running 2.8 percent above their 2005 level…




















×
Contact Russell John G
We will attempt to deliver your message to Russell John G. We'll notify you when it is delivered.













Your Name

Your Email

Your Phone (optional)

Your Message

I'm interested in speaking with you about a project. Are you available to chat today?

 









‹
›
×




×












 
How the BuildZoom Score Works
Read more about the BuildZoom scoring algorithm here.


A Licensed Contractor Starts with 90 Points.


Their score will increase or decrease based on these variables.
























Positive Client Feedback





Verified License + Insurance





Project History





Community Participation





Profile Page Content


Employee Info
Years in Business
Contact Info
Project Photos









Suspended or Inactive License





Negative Client Feedback





Limited Work History
























Browse remodeling photos
If you are looking for remodeling ideas, you can browse hundreds of beautiful photos of work performed by our general contractors.






Browse building permits
You can use our building permit search to see the contractors who are active in your neighborhood and the projects currently taking place.






Get a cost estimate
Use our remodeling calculator to get a ballpark estimate for your project. If you're ready to hire, use our bidding system to get actual quotes from local contractors.

































































John G Russell                                                                                                           - Alpine                                            , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



Alpine



Single-Family Housing Construction



New Construction, Single-family Houses



                            John G Russell
                                    



 





















J 


John G Russell                                                                                                          
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1390 BIG RED RD ALPINE, CA 91901
Get Directions



(619) 445-4762
 





Business Info



 Founded 1974
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $130,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries New Construction, Single-family Houses
 Contacts John G Russell                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1974 the company has been providing New Construction, Single-family Houses. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







J

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


































Consumers Energy opens leadership center | 2017-05-05 | Grand Rapids Business Journal








































Login











Remember Me


Forgot your password?




|
Register
|



      Welcome,  - My Account

|
Logout
|



contact us














              Search
            












homenewsBanking & FinanceConstructionGovernmentHealth CareHigher EducationLakeshoreLawManufacturingReal EstateTechnologyAllprintIssue ArchiveInside TrackEditorialLettersGuest ColumnMatters ColumnSales MovesChange UpsArea EconomyPublic RecordStreet TalkSpecial PublicationsblogsBanking & FinanceConstructionDiversityHealth CareLawMarketing, PR & AdvertisingReal EstateSmall Business & StartupsTechnologyThe Social Buzzcalendarenewsletterspodcasts
get grbjsubscribelist store




WELCOME TO GRBJ.COMLearn More

 


Trending


Comments



Ford airport welcomes back airline'Italian beef' restaurant opens doorsDeveloper begins 16-story apartment building downtownDaughter joins father's medical practiceSuburban apartment complex sells for $57MDoctor opening membership-based practiceWest Side grocery store closingFinancial advisors rank among Barron's 'top 30' in USUnited Way names board of directorsReal estate firm steps out into market







 


Twitter


Facebook




Tweets by @grbj













Calendar


Jul
24


Thornapple Pointe Golf Club

Builders Exchange Golf Outing Benefit for Guiding Light






Jul
27


Fifth Third Ballpark

Take Me Out To The Ball Game!






Jul
28


Grand Rapids Civic Theatre

Hairspray Jr. & The Neverending Story at Civic Theatre






Jul
28


Camp Douglas Smith

Startup Weekend: Ludington 






Jul
31


Sheldon Avenue

Grand Rapids Children's Museum 20th Birthday Party!






Jul
31


Fifth Third Ballpark

Take Me Out To The Ball Game!




More Events
Submit An Event







Multimedia


Photos




 
40 Under Forty 2016
Meet Grand Rapids Business Journal's 2016 "40 Under Forty" honorees and prepare to be inspired.

More Photos

More Multimedia






This Week's Issue









Startup weaves in 400-year-old tech


Metal fabricator puts stock in employees



Subscribe Now!






Home » Consumers Energy opens leadership center



Higher Education, Human Resources, and Manufacturing
Consumers Energy opens leadership center
Training hub at GVSU downtown campus will focus on preparing company’s future leaders.

May 5, 2017
| By Charlsie Dewey |









TAGS Consumers Energy  /  Grand Valley State University  /  John G. Russell Leadership Center
















Share
 



Text Size: A A







Related Articles

Manufacturer opens 100-person product design center


Consumers Energy puts charge into tech center


Utility plans $15M training center downtown



Related Events

The Journey of the Family Business Leader: Entering and Grooming for Effective Leadership


Trinity Senior Living Communities Hiring  RNs and CENAs  IMMEDIATE OPENINGS WITH SIGN-ON BONUS


S.A.I.L retreat - Leadership Event for Realtors & Business Professionals









Consumers Energy’s new training hub is housed at Grand Valley State University and will host up to 300 employees from across the state at any given time. Courtesy Consumers Energy


Consumers Energy celebrated the opening of its new leadership center at the downtown campus of Grand Valley State University recently.
The John G. Russell Leadership Center, 120 Front Ave. SW, is the latest training “hub” for Consumers Energy and will focus on leadership and professional development.
Stacy Mowrer, director of learning and development with Consumers Energy, said the company already has training hubs in Marshall and West Olive dedicated to training operating, maintenance and construction employees.
It also has a training center in Potterville, where Utility Workers of America teach skills to union employees.
The Grand Rapids building will provide a single location for leadership training sessions, as well as new employee orientation, technical and safety training, and project management training and certification.
Mowrer said a big focus for the leadership center is on preparing Consumers Energy’s future leaders.
“We anticipate a significant amount of retirements over the next five years, and as a result of that, we’ve identified this need to prepare not just our leaders for today, but our leaders for the future,” she said.
“We know, based on our research, as leaders make transitions and take on roles of greater responsibility, upward of 40 percent of those leaders underperform during those transition times. The intent of our programs is to shore up key leadership capabilities so we don’t have that timeframe where leaders are adjusting and potentially underperforming during that transition.”
At any given time, up to 300 Consumers Energy employees from across Michigan will participate in training within the building.
The $11-million, 31,000-square-foot center includes three large classrooms and a smaller concept classroom, all of which can be reconfigured as needed.
Mowrer said the facility was designed to be adaptable and to support experiential learning.
“The intent of the space is to create different experiential learning opportunities,” she said. “More and more, we are delivering learning as part of a large group and then asking individuals to get into small groups to work on application or response to a question and then coming back together and sharing with the larger group, so the spaces are laid out differently.”
The facility also integrates top-of-the-line technology to improve collaboration and networking among participants. There also is video conferencing equipment for distance learning.
The building sits on land leased to the company by GVSU.
Mowrer said it was important to Consumers Energy to partner with a college or university on the project, and it chose GVSU thanks to already existing partnerships, which include a solar garden and an executive MBA program.
Mowrer said Consumers Energy plans to use the full building at least four days a week, but when the company is not using areas of the building, GVSU will be able to use it.
In addition, the company will have reciprocity with Grand Valley facilities.
Mowrer said Consumers Energy already is taking advantage of the large auditorium in the L. William Seidman Center.
The John G. Russell Leadership Center is a Rockford Construction project.
The building was constructed to achieve Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) Silver certification by the U.S. Green Building Council.
The center features a glass exterior with energy-efficient heating, cooling and lighting; natural light; reclaimed wood; and fixtures to reduce water use.
The building is named after John Russell, Consumers Energy’s former president and CEO, who now chairs the boards of the energy provider and parent company CMS Energy. Russell also serves on the Grand Valley State University Board of Trustees.










 











Charlsie Dewey
Charlsie Dewey is a former Grand Rapids Business Journal staff reporter who most recently covered manufacturing, restaurants, food and agriculture, travel and tourism, transportation, nonprofits, energy and sustainability.





    Recent Articles by Charlsie Dewey



Partners launch program to prevent homelessness


Nonprofit wins $382K grant


Downtown Market hires director




Editor's Picks








Electrical firm makes acquisition









College plans $12M tech center project downtown









Grocer rolling out 'click-and-collect' service







Please enable JavaScript to view the
  comments powered by Disqus.


  Comments powered by Disqus










Restricted Content
You must have JavaScript enabled to enjoy a limited number of articles over the next 7 days.
Please click here to continue without javascript..
















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.






#450 John G Russell - Forbes.com


















Home
Business
Tech
Markets
Entrepreneurs
Leadership
Personal Finance
ForbesLife
Lists
Opinions
Video
Blogs
E-mail Newsletters
Portfolio Tracker
Special Reports
Commerce
Energy
Health Care
Logistics
Manufacturing
Media
Services
Technology
Wall Street
Washington
CIO Network
Enterprise Tech
Infoimaging
Internet Infrastructure
Internet
Personal Tech
Sciences
Security
Wireless
Bonds
Commodities
Currencies
Economy
Emerging Markets
Equities
Options
Finance
Human Resources
Law & Taxation
Sales & Marketing
Management
Technology
Careers
Compensation
Corporate Citizenship
Corporate Governance
Managing
Innovation
CEO Network
Reference
ETFs
Guru Insights
Investing Ideas
Investor Education
Mutual Funds
Philanthropy
Retirement & College
Taxes & Estates
Collecting
Health
Real Estate
Sports
Style
Travel
Vehicles
Wine & Food
100 Top Celebrities
400 Richest Americans
Largest Private Cos
World's Richest People
All Forbes Lists
Business Opinions
Investing
Technology Opinions
Washington & The World
Companies
People
Reference
Technology
Companies
Events
People
Reference
Companies
People
Companies
Events
People
Reference
Companies
Events
People
Reference































CEO Compensation
#450 John G Russell

04.04.12, 12:00 PM EDT










 Jack A Fusco


 Robert C Skaggs Jr







Total Compensation
$2.195 mil
5-Year Compensation
NA
Education:
College: Michigan State University BBA '80
Graduate School: NA




John G Russell has been CEO of CMS Energy
	(CMS) for 2 years.
	Mr. Russell has been with the company for 31 years.
	The 54 year old executive ranks 30 within Utilities


John G Russell's Compensation vs. Utilities Medians


Salary$0.76 mil$0.97 mil


Bonus$0.97 mil$1.26 mil


Other$0.46 mil$1.54 mil


Stock GainsNA$0.00 mil


Total Compensation$2.195 mil$3.91 mil





John G Russell Ownership Of CMS Energy


Industry Medians


Stock Owned (% Of Co)0.25%0.08%


Stock Owned$13.9 mil$0.01 mil


CMS Energy's Stock Performance


Total Return During Tenure29%


Relative to Market110




CMS Energy

(CMS: quote,
				news)
				
One Energy PlazaJackson, MI 49201Michigan


www.cmsenergy.com








 Jack A Fusco


 Robert C Skaggs Jr




CEO Compensation

Complete Coverage | Complete Rankings



Methodology: 
	Compensation rank is based on total compensation for latest fiscal year. Total compensation for each chief executive includes the following: salary and bonuses; other compensation, such as vested restricted stock grants, LTIP payouts and perks; and stock gains, the value realized by exercising stock options. Efficiency rank is based on our chief executive's performance/pay score. Ranks are given only to chief executives who have a six-year tenure and six-year compensation history. The most efficient rank is 1 and least efficient is 206.

Footnotes: 
	Compensation data is from the latest available proxy statements filed through Mar. 23, 2012. Total returns and value of stock owned (including all classes) is based on Mar. 14, 2012 stock price. Compensation percent change is based on combined salary and bonus. Annualized total return during tenure covers the tenure of the executive or from the time of the IPO or available stock history. Relative to market is the ending value of $100 invested in the stock, divided by the ending value of $1 invested in the S & P 500 (a score of 100 = the S & P 500). NA: Not available or not applicable.  
1Annualized.
	2Four-year total.
	3Three-year total.
	4Less than 0.01%.
	5Prior-year data.
	6New chief executive; compensation may be for another executive office.
	7Less than $100,000.
	8Includes shares indirectly held.
	*Return is for less than tenure.
	
Sources: Company SEC filings; Interactive Data, LionShares and Thomson Reuters Fundamentals via FactSet Research Systems; Forbes.






Obama's Plan To Seize Control Of Our Economy And Our LivesTequila 101 With Billionaire John Paul DeJoriaThe Week Ahead: Will Europe Spoil Apple's Party?Apple Shines, Bernanke Speaks, Exxon Boosts Dividend


Read All Comments





































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 






Russell John Found! | Check For Arrests, Warrants 










































 


 





 Russell John Found!!  Check For Arrests, Warrants 
    Show Me Russell's Records 





 Please take into consideration that Russell John's records can only be used for personal reasons. For example locating old friends and family or verifying if a person has criminal history and if they can be trusted, to name a few.

You cannot use these records for consumer credit, tenant screening, employment, insurance qualifications or anything else that may be subjected to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq.
Russell John's records do not contain credit scores and reports. We and our partners are not a consumer reporting agency.
Click here to continue.
 





 Discover Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Russell John 


 

Arrest Records, Warrants, DWI and MugshotsIf Russell’s ever had a run-in with the law then his records will show where, when and why.


Addresses, Phone and EmailRussell’s record will show current and past mailing addresses, phone numbers and any email addresses he’s had.


Marriage, Divorce and Birth RecordsImportant events from Russell’s life have been compiled from state and local county.

  

Sex Offender RegistryFind out instantly if Russell is registered as a sex offender and if he is a threat.


Hidden Online ProfilesFind out all of Russell’s online social media profiles and any hidden ones you’re not supposed to know about.


Assets, Businesses and LicensesFind out if Russell is hiding any assets, owns any businesses and what licenses they are registered for.

  Show Me Russell's Records 


 Instant Access Anywhere and Anytime 


 

100% Anonymous and Instant
In a few minutes from now you'll get full access to Russell's background in the comforts of home.
Russell will not know you are looking up their background and pulling records.
With state of the art connection your search is also secure from prying eyes.


 


 Look Up Anyone You Want 



 Get Russell's Records + Unlimited Searches
In addition to getting a full background on Russell John, which includes contact info, arrest records, assets, bankruptcies and more, you'll also get full access to our database 24/7.
Look up anyone else you want so long as they reside in the United States of America.
Whether it's celebrities, family members or friends you're not restricted on your search.
  Get Me Russell's Records and Unlimited Searches on Anyone I Want 
     




Copyright 2016 - 911arrests.com - All Rights Reserved 



























