    Dana Ruzicka | Avid Technology , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com


Insider Trading - Ruzicka Dana - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Ruzicka Dana





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-11-24Tax Withholding
2016-11-285:13 pm
N/AN/A
Avid Technology Inc
AVID
Ruzicka DanaVP, Chief Product Officer
708
$4.35
127,976(Direct)
View


2016-08-24Tax Withholding
2016-08-245:27 pm
N/AN/A
Avid Technology Inc
AVID
Ruzicka DanaVP, Chief Product Officer
2,836
$9.37
128,684(Direct)
View


2016-03-09Option Award
2016-03-118:05 pm
N/AN/A
Avid Technology Inc
AVID
Ruzicka DanaVP, Chief Product Officer
28,369
$0
131,520(Direct)
View


2016-03-09Option Award
2016-03-118:05 pm
N/A2020-01-01
Avid Technology Inc
AVID
Ruzicka DanaVP, Chief Product Officer
28,369
$0
131,520(Direct)
View


2015-08-24Option Award
2015-08-264:43 pm
N/AN/A
Avid Technology Inc
AVID
Ruzicka DanaChief Products Officer
26,247
$0
103,151(Direct)
View


2015-08-24Option Award
2015-08-264:43 pm
N/A2018-01-01
Avid Technology Inc
AVID
Ruzicka DanaChief Products Officer
26,247
$0
103,151(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Fri, 28 Jul 2017 09:57:57 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  










	
        Compensation Information for Dana  Ruzicka , Vice President and Chief Product Officer of AVID TECHNOLOGY INC | Salary.com
    


























Enterprise
Small Business
Personal




Contact Us
Log In


































Salaries
Jobs
Education
Advice
























 





Dana  Ruzicka 
Executive Compensation
As Vice President and Chief Product Officer at AVID TECHNOLOGY INC, Dana  Ruzicka  made $699,578 in total compensation.  Of this total $278,923 was received as a salary, $94,381 was received as a bonus, $0 was received in stock options, $319,719 was awarded as stock and $6,555 came from other types of compensation. This information is according to proxy statements filed for the 2016 fiscal year. 


ENTER AN EXECUTIVE OR COMPANY NAME
New Search


Go



The chart on this page features a breakdown of the total annual pay for Dana  Ruzicka ,  Vice President and Chief Product Officer at AVID TECHNOLOGY INC as reported in their proxy statements. 
Total Cash Compensation information is comprised of yearly Base Pay and Bonuses. AVID TECHNOLOGY INC income statements for executive base pay and bonus are filed yearly with the SEC in the edgar filing system. AVID TECHNOLOGY INC annual reports of executive compensation and pay are most commonly found in the Def 14a documents.
Total Equity aggregates grant date fair value of stock and option awards and long term incentives granted during the fiscal year.
Other Compensation covers all compensation-like awards that don't fit in any of these other standard categories. Numbers reported do not include change in pension value and non-qualified deferred compensation earnings.



Other Executives at this Company


Louis  Hernandez Jr.
Jason A. Duva 
Jeff  Rosica 
John W. Frederick 

Brian E. Agle 
Ilan  Sidi 






Dana  Ruzicka 


Base Pay$278,923
Bonus + Incentive Comp$94,381
Total Cash Compensation$373,304


Stock Award Value$319,719
Option Award Value$0
Total Equity$319,719



Total Other$6,555



Total Compensation$699,578




Browse Executives by First Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z


Browse Companies by Company Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
#



This report is not for commercial use. Thorough reviews have been conducted to assure this data accurately reflects disclosures. However for a complete and definitive understanding of the pay practices of any company, users should refer directly to the actual, complete proxy statement. 
Use of Data / Disclaimer
The information shown here is a reporting of information included in the company's proxy statement. The proxy statement includes footnotes and explanations of this information plus other information that is pertinent in assessing the overall value and appropriateness of the compensation information. For those interested in conducting a detailed compensation analysis, we recommend that you review the entire proxy statement. You may retrieve the full proxy statement by going to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) website at www.sec.gov and entering the company's name and then looking in the first column for an entry of "Form DEF 14A" (or any similar code). You may also find the annual proxy statement by going directly to the company's website.
What is a proxy statement?
A proxy statement (or "proxy") is a form that every publicly traded U.S. company is required to file with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission (SEC) within 120 days after the end of its fiscal year. The proxy must be sent to every shareholder in advance of the company's annual shareholders meeting. All proxy statements are public filings made available to the general public by the SEC.
The proxy statement's main purpose is to alert shareholders to the annual meeting and provide them information about the issues that will be voted on during the annual meeting, including decisions such as electing directors, ratifying the selection of auditors, and other shareholder-related decisions, including shareholder-initiated initiatives. Also, proxies must disclose specific detailed information regarding the pay practices for certain executives.







    





 

 






     

privacy policy
terms of use
about us
contact us

©  Salary.com. All rights reserved.


US Salaries
Canadian Salaries
Purchase a Salary Report
Salaries by Category
Salaries by Income
Salaries by Industry
Popular Salaries
Negotiation Tips
Benefits Calculator
Search Job Openings
Job Openings by State
Job Openings by Category
Education by Career
Education by Level
Education by Major
Cost of Living Calculator
























 


Dana Ruzicka, Avid Technology Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  




















Feedback





Dana Ruzicka

VP/Chief Product Officer,
Avid Technology Inc






Career History




VP/Chief Product Officer
Avid Technology Inc, 8/2015-PRESENT









Website:
www.avid.com






Corporate Information
Address:

75 Network Drive
Burlington, MA 01803
United States


Phone:
1-978-640-6789


Fax:
1-978-640-3366


Web url:
www.avid.com











From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






























 












Dana Ruzicka, Avid Technology, Inc. Chief Product Officer - REDBOOKS








































Brands, Marketers, Agencies. Search Less. Sell More.





/   SIGN IN

GET A FREE TRIAL   
CONTACT US: (800) 908-5395





















Dana  Ruzicka
Chief Product Officer, Avid Technology, Inc.

EMAIL: 
                      







              Real-time sales trigger feed - generated by REDBOOKS machine learning and natural language processing technology, tracking 800,000+ news sources to aggregate all new executives, job/role changes and news on decision makers, brands and agencies in the media/marketing industry.
              

              This sales feed is for Dana  Ruzicka at Avid Technology, Inc.. Dana  Ruzicka works as Chief Product Officer , acting in a Brand/Product Management role .  Avid Technology, Inc. is a leader in Electronics, Radio & Television .
              REDBOOKS tracks personnel changes for advertisers spending over $1 million annually.
              

              For more Brand/Product Management leads or media/marketing prospecting automation, start a free trial now.
              

Recent Related News

04/25/2017:


Avid Artist | DNxIQ Unveiled for 4K Monitoring and Universal Mastering

..... “Video professionals today have to turn more content around faster to more devices than ever before. And the seemingly unending proliferation of video formats can make this a real challenge," said Dana Ruzicka, chief product officer, Avid. “With this in mind, Avid Artist | DNxIQ is built to handle any project that walks through the door - SD all the way to UHD, 4K and beyond. .....

People In This Article:
Dana Ruzicka
 

04/24/2017:


Avid Unveils Free Version of Media Composer

..... “It can be really difficult for up-and-coming filmmakers, television program creators and digital media producers to get access to the right tools to tell their stories in a compelling way. Consumer applications are fun to play with but will only take you so far,” said Dana Ruzicka, chief product officer, Avid. “With Media Composer | First, we’re giving any aspiring creative pros access to the same tools used by top industry professionals—for free! .....

People In This Article:
Dana Ruzicka
 






Learn more about Dana  Ruzicka  and 260,000+ key contacts

  Create targeted lead lists

  Gain insider knowledge with advanced machine  learning
  Real-time verified contact info



Enter Work Email:

Please enter email address.
 Please enter valid email address.









             Learn more about Dana  Ruzicka and 260,000+ key contacts
            



























First Name *

 Please enter first name.




Last Name *

 Please enter last name.






Company Name *

 Please enter company name.






Email *





Phone *

 Please enter phone number.
 Please enter 10 digits number.





What industry are you in? *  
                (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the industry.




                     Media Sales
                  




                     Production
                  




                     Ad-Tech/Mar-Tech
                  




                     Sponsorship Sales
                  



  Agency New Business
                  



  Other:
                  




What is your role? *
                 
                 (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the role.



  C-Suite
                  



  VP/Manager
                  



  Sales Rep
                  



  Other:
                  














Thank you for registering for a Free REDBOOKS.com Trial!
We are processing your request and will be in touch shortly to get you started!
For Immediate Assistance, please call us at (800) 908-5395 or email us at info@redbooks.com


























Home
Learn More
FREE Trial


Features




AD THINK Events
Thought Leadership Events
Top Advertiser Directory
Top Agency Directory



Add Your Agency
Update Your Agency
Agency Showcase
Advertising Associations
Creative Spotlight
Services and Suppliers


About Us
Blog
Contact Us
Jobs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





Customer Support
(800) 908-5395
Connect with us




















Copyright © 2017 Red Books LLC. All rights reserved








































Dana Ruzicka | Avid Technology, Inc | Email, VP/Chief Product Officer, @avid.com 











































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Dana Ruzicka

 Avid Technology, Inc  VP/Chief Product Officer


Updated On : 
                    Jun 29, 2017                            

export












Email Address: Email not Avail
                                        


65-75 Network Drive

Burlington, MA 01803


Email format for @avid.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Public                
Employees: 
1000 - 4999

Revenue:  
500 Million - 1 Billion

Industry:  
                        Computer Hardware->Electronics                    
SIC Code:  
                         3577  - Computer Peripheral Equipment, Nec








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    Trying to find Dana Ruzicka's email, wiki, phone numbers, twitter, biography, and linkedin data?  You can check out Avid Technology, Inc's profile on Lead411, where you can also get @avid.com contact information.  Avid Technology, Inc is an organization centered in Burlington, MA, which you can find on Lead411 under the Electronics category.  Dana Ruzicka is their VP/Chief Product Officer.  Some possible email formats for Dana Ruzicka are DRuzicka@avid.com, Dana.Ruzicka@avid.com, Dana@avid.com, and Dana_Ruzicka@avid.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@avid.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Dana R. - Other
Located in Chicago, IL Morton Salt has Dana R. serving as the organization's Payroll Clerk. Need Dana R.'s email, linkedin, phone numbers, facebook, wiki and biography? You can find essential contact information in Morton Salt Lead411 profile, along with their Morton Salt email addresses using the domain. Search for Morton Salt on Lead411 under the Consumer products industry.  Some possible email formats for Dana R. are DR.@mortonsalt.com, Dana.R.@mortonsalt.com, Dana@mortonsalt.com, and Dana_R.@mortonsalt.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@mortonsalt.com addresses.
Dana Raab - Other
For Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center email addresses with the @cincinnatichildrens.org format as well as facebook info, twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, as well as biography data for Dana Raab, you may check in Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center's Lead411 profile. Dana Raab is currently the Clinical Research Nurse Practice Leader for Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center. The company's CEO is Michael Fisher. The contact information of Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center on Lead411 is filed under the Hospitals/clinics. Their main offices are in Cincinnati, OH.  Some possible email formats for Dana Raab are DRaab@cincinnatichildrens.org, Dana.Raab@cincinnatichildrens.org, Dana@cincinnatichildrens.org, and Dana_Raab@cincinnatichildrens.org. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@cincinnatichildrens.org addresses.
Dana Raab - Pro Services
Have you been looking for contact information, like phone numbers and emails, on Dana Raab?  Lead411 provides data on him which include twitter, linkedin url, wiki, and biography.  There is also Galman Group, Ltd email addresses within the @galmangroup.com profile so Dana Raab's email could be included.  Dana Raab is part of the Galman Group, Ltd which has its main offices in Jenkintown, PA.  Currently holds the post of Leasing Consultant.  You can find the company data on Lead411 under the Real estate industry.  Some possible email formats for Dana Raab are DRaab@galmangroup.com, Dana.Raab@galmangroup.com, Dana@galmangroup.com, and Dana_Raab@galmangroup.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@galmangroup.com addresses.



Similar Employees:
Tom Fitzsimmons - Other
Tom Fitzsimmons is part of Avid Technology, Inc, an organization which has its main offices in Burlington, MA.  Tom serves as the Vice President Financial Planning Analysis at Avid Technology, Inc.  If you're searching for Avid Technology, Inc email addresses, you can also find those on their Lead411 profile with the domain @avid.com along with Tom Fitzsimmons's linkedin name, twitter tweets, wiki, phone numbers, and biography.Avid Technology, Inc's Lead411 profile is categorized under the Electronics industry.  Some possible email formats for Tom Fitzsimmons are TFitzsimmons@avid.com, Tom.Fitzsimmons@avid.com, Tom@avid.com, and Tom_Fitzsimmons@avid.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@avid.com addresses.
Brian Anderson - Other
Located in Burlington, MA Avid Technology, Inc has Brian Anderson serving as the organization's VP, Digital Strategy & Innovation. Need Brian Anderson's email, linkedin, phone numbers, facebook, wiki and biography? You can find essential contact information in Avid Technology, Inc Lead411 profile, along with their Avid Technology, Inc email addresses using the domain. Search for Avid Technology, Inc on Lead411 under the Electronics industry.  Some possible email formats for Brian Anderson are BAnderson@avid.com, Brian.Anderson@avid.com, Brian@avid.com, and Brian_Anderson@avid.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@avid.com addresses.
Chris 克里斯 Peters - Executive
A Burlington, MA-based organization, Avid Technology, Inc is just one of the many Lead411 profiles that you can find contact information, like phone numbers and emails. Their profile includes @avid.com email addresses, as well as details on Chris 克里斯 Peters's email, the organization's Commodity Manager/Strategic Sourcing. Their profile can be found in Electronics category. If you also need twitter, facebook, linkedin, wiki, and biography details for Chris 克里斯 Peters, you can also find them in Lead411.  Some possible email formats for Chris 克里斯 Peters are CPeters@avid.com, Chris 克里斯.Peters@avid.com, Chris 克里斯@avid.com, and Chris 克里斯_Peters@avid.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@avid.com addresses.

People Directory > Dana Ruzicka




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














 
Dana Ruzicka's Page - Innovation Insights























 







Search




Sign In











New Thinking for a New Era


HomeAboutInnovation Insights BlogCommunity GuidelinesBlogsFeatured Blog PostsLatest BlogsAdd a Blog PostBlog GuidelinesForumAdd a TopicData ToolsCloud/StorageGeneralSoftware Deﬁned NetworkSupercomputersAll Forum CategoriesAll Forum DiscussionsForum FAQMediaVideoPhotosWhite PapersMembersMy PageLeaderboards
















 




Dana Ruzicka
Burlington, MAUnited States 



0 members favorited this








Share 

Tweet




 



Blog Posts (2)DiscussionsVideos 



Dana Ruzicka's Apps
Dana Ruzicka's Favorites 


 
 


Dana Ruzicka's Page




Latest Activity









Dana Ruzicka's blog post was featuredNext-Generation Media: Breaking the Old Habits of Breaking NewsOver the past few years, advancements in technology and Internet connectivity have impacted nearly every facet of our lives -- from how we gather and store information to how we communicate with others. And the news industry is no exception. In fact, not since TV displaced radio has the news industry faced a period of…See MoreNov 26, 2013 


0
Comments



                    0 Favorites


Dana Ruzicka posted a blog postNext-Generation Media: Breaking the Old Habits of Breaking NewsOver the past few years, advancements in technology and Internet connectivity have impacted nearly every facet of our lives -- from how we gather and store information to how we communicate with others. And the news industry is no exception. In fact, not since TV displaced radio has the news industry faced a period of…See MoreNov 26, 2013 


0
Comments



                    0 Favorites


Dana Ruzicka posted a blog postNext-Generation Media: Breaking the Old Habits of Breaking NewsOver the past few years, advancements in technology and Internet connectivity have impacted nearly every facet of our lives -- from how we gather and store information to how we communicate with others. And the news industry is no exception. In fact, not since TV displaced radio has the news industry faced a period of…See MoreNov 25, 2013 


0
Comments



                    0 Favorites


Dana Ruzicka is now a member of Innovation InsightsNov 22, 2013 
Welcome Them! 
 



RSS




Profile Information



Short Biography
Dana Ruzicka is vice president of Segment Strategy and Planning Avid where he oversees marketing operations and planning for Avid’s key business segments—Media Enterprise, Post and Professional and Live Sound. Mr. Ruzicka has more than 18 years of extensive product management, business development, and marketing experience in the media industry – serving a wide range of customers from consumer audio recording and video editing to professional postproduction and broadcast. In his 18+ year tenure at Avid, Mr. Ruzicka has served in various senior leadership roles including vice president of Post Solutions, where he played a key role in developing and launching Avid’s ISIS shared storage platform as well as Avid’s next-generation DNA video editing and finishing product family. Prior to this, Mr. Ruzicka managed Avid’s Academy Award winning Film Composer product family and Avid’s audio postproduction solutions. Also at Avid, Mr. Ruzicka served as vice president Strategic Alliances, where he grew Avid’s partnership program ecosystem to more than 600 partners.

Mr. Ruzicka has a Bachelor of Music Performance, Emphasis in Sound Recording Technology from the University of Massachusetts At Lowell.





Dana Ruzicka's Blog




 

Next-Generation Media: Breaking the Old Habits of Breaking News

                                                    Posted on November 26, 2013 at 11:43am                        
    
0 Comments

                    0 Favorites






Over the past few years, advancements in technology and Internet connectivity have impacted nearly every facet of our lives -- from how we gather and store information to how we communicate with others. And the news industry is no exception. In fact, not since TV displaced radio has the news industry… Continue 






Add a Blog Post
View All 




Comment Wall
 

You need to be a member of Innovation Insights to add comments!




No comments yet!


 
 

 

 




 

Welcome toInnovation Insights
Sign In





Members







































View All


 

Forum






Any insights about the new Johnnie Walker Blue Label smart bottle?


                    Started by Frank Wallem in General Mar 16, 2015.    
0 Replies

                    1 Favorite








Add a Discussion
View All

 


Videos











                Interview with Artyom Astafurov, DeviceHive            

                Added by Scott Amyx 
1 Comment

                    0 Favorites





 



Add Videos
View All












    © 2017               Created by Insights Site Creator.             
    Powered by 

Badges  | 
                        Report an Issue  | 
                        Terms of Service







Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy (Revised 09/10/2012). Your California Privacy Rights.
Wired © 2012 Condé Nast Digital. All rights reserved. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast Digital.
 














Hello, you need to enable JavaScript to use Innovation Insights.
Please check your browser settings or contact your system administrator.




 

 



















Tweet






































