










 













 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 

Rxr Re Vaf - Fund Iii Parallel B (reit) Lp raised funds  on December 31st, 2015































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/deals/395762-rxr-re-vaf-fund-iii-parallel-b-reit-lpsection=deals&subsection=detail&id=395762  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Rxr Re Vaf - Fund Iii Parallel B (reit) Lp raised funds  on December 31st, 2015.Get alertedif Rxr Re Vaf - Fund Iii Parallel B (reit) Lp gets funded!Amount:UndisclosedCompany:Rxr Re Vaf - Fund Iii Parallel B (reit) LpInvestors:-Industry:FinanceCountry:State:City:United StatesNew YorkUniondaleKey people:Jason Barnett (Executive Officer) Richard Conniff (Executive Officer) Michael Maturo (Executive Officer) Scott Rechler (Executive Officer) Todd Rechler (Executive Officer)Data sources:www.sec.gov - D - RXR RE VAF - Fund III Parallel B (REIT) LP (0001661798) (Filer)Description:Rxr Re Vaf - Fund Iii Parallel B (reit) Lp is a Finance-specialized enterprise. The date of the transaction is December 31st, 2015.Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!



RXR Asset Management LLC


















graypools
Sign in
Learn more







RXR Asset Management LLC
Fund Manager






Institutional Investors

Fund Managers

RXR Asset Management LLC





















RXR Asset Management LLC
is  a Delaware Fund Manager located in Uniondale,
New York.  
 

It was registered on Friday, March 30, 2012.






625 Rxr Plaza
Uniondale,
New York, 
11556 
United States
Phone: (516) 506-6000
http://www.rxrrealty.com



Chief Executive Officer
Scott Rechler
Chief Compliance Officer
Francis Sheehan
General Counsel
Jason Barnett
Chief Financial Officer
James Maturo




Inception Date2012-03-30
JurisdictionDelaware
Updated2017-06-20 19:47:49.027862
As of Date2017-03-30
Latest Filing2017-03-30
SEC Number801-73591
CRD Number158268
Inception2012-03-30
Legal NameRXR Asset Management LLC
NameRXR Asset Management LLC
Legal Entity TypeLimited Liability Company











Statements



Employees


Regulatory AUM






Funds



Real Estate Funds: 44












03-17
03-16
03-15




Employees
22.00
19.00
17.00











03-17
03-16
03-15




Regulatory Assets Under Management
3.41B
2.48B
1.88B







Real Estate Funds: 2017-03-30



RXR Real Estate Opportunity Fund II Parallel, L.P.
Delaware


RXR RE VAF - Fund III Parallel C LP
Delaware


RXR Real Estate Value Added Fund LP
Delaware


RXR Real Estate Value Added Fund Parallel LP
Delaware


RXR Real Estate Value Added Fund Parallel II LP
Delaware


RXR VAF 237 Park Co-Investor LP
Delaware


RXR Fund II 620 Co-Investor LP
Delaware


RXR Real Estate Value Added Fund Parallel II (REIT) LP
Delaware


RXR RE VAF - Fund III Parallel B (REIT) LP
Delaware


RXR Real Estate Opportunity Fund II, L.P.
Delaware


RXR Fund II SL Co-Investor LP
Delaware


RXR Real Estate Value Added Fund - Fund III LP
Delaware


RXR Fund II 340 Madison Co-Investor Holdings LP
Delaware


RXR Fund II 340 Madison Co-Investor II Holdings LP
Delaware


IP VAF III Co-Investor LP
Delaware


RXR Fund II 1166 Equity Co-Investor LP
Delaware


RXR VAF III 1285 Co-Investor Parallel LP
Delaware


RXR New York Metro Emerging Sub-Market Venture LP
Delaware


RXR EMF Larkin Tower Co-Investor LP
Delaware


IP VAF Co-Investor LP
Delaware


RXR VAF III 1285 Venture LP
Delaware


RXR Fund II 1166 Swap Co-Investor LP
Delaware


RXR New York Metro Emerging Sub-Market Venture Parallel II (REIT) LP
Delaware


IP EMF Co-Investor LP
Delaware


RXR RE VAF - Fund III Parallel B LP
Delaware


RXR New York Metro Emerging Sub-Market Venture Parallel LP
Delaware


RXR VAF III Ex Co-Investor LP
Delaware


RXR VAF III 1285 Co-Investor LP
Delaware


RXR VAF 32 Old Slip Co-Investor LP
Delaware


RXR RE VAF - Fund III Parallel A LP
Delaware


RXR VAF III 5TS Co-Investor LP
Delaware


RXR VAF 530 Fifth Co-Investor LP
Delaware


RXR EMF 9-47 Hall Street Co-Investor LP
Delaware


RXR EMF 810 Fulton Co-Investor LP
Delaware


RXR New York Metro Emerging Sub-Market Venture Parallel II LP
Delaware


RXR New York Metro Emerging Sub-Market Venture Parallel III LP
Delaware


RXR VAF III Ex Co-Investor Parallel LP
Delaware


RXR VAF 230 Park Venture Investor II JV LP
Delaware


RXR VAF 75 Rock Co-Investor LP
Delaware


RXR VAF 61 Broadway Co-Investor LP
Delaware


RXR Real Estate Value Added Fund Parallel III LP
Delaware


Hi USA RXR Tracker LLC
Delaware


RXR VAF 230 Park Venture Investor I JV LP
Delaware


RXR VAF 230 Park Co-Investor LP
Delaware
































About /
Entities /
Legal
© 2017 Graypools LLC










Track Hedge Funds Using 13F Filings 

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















WhaleWisdom /
Filer Search /
RXR RE VAF - FUND III PARALLEL B (REIT) LP /
Form D Filing





Form  D
Notice of Exempt Offering of Securities
Item 1. Issuer's Identity


Name of Issuer:
RXR RE VAF - FUND III PARALLEL B (REIT) LP

          Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization
        
DELAWARE
Year of Incorporation/Organization

          2015
        


Previous Name(s)




Entity Type
LIMITED PARTNERSHIP


Item 2 Issuer Principal Place of Business and Contact Information

      625 RXR PLAZA
      UNIONDALE, NY  11556
      Phone Number:  
 subscription required

Item 3. Related Persons
Name
SCOTT   RECHLER
Address

 subscription required
      
Relationship(s)

EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Clarification of Response

Item 3. Related Persons
Name
JASON   BARNETT
Address

 subscription required
      
Relationship(s)

EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Clarification of Response

Item 3. Related Persons
Name
MICHAEL   MATURO
Address

 subscription required
      
Relationship(s)

EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Clarification of Response

Item 3. Related Persons
Name
TODD   RECHLER
Address

 subscription required
      
Relationship(s)

EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Clarification of Response

Item 3. Related Persons
Name
RICHARD   CONNIFF
Address

 subscription required
      
Relationship(s)

EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Clarification of Response

Item 4. Industry Group

    POOLED INVESTMENT FUND
    - OTHER INVESTMENT FUND
  
Item 5. Issuer Size
Aggregate Net Asset Value Range (for issuer specifying "hedge" or "other investment" fund in item 4 above)
DECLINE TO DISCLOSE
Item 6. Federal Exemptions and Exclusions Claimed


06B


3C


3C.1


3C.7


Item 7. Type of Filing
  New Notice
  Date of First Sale in this Offering:

    12/18/2015
  
Item 8. Duration of Offering
Does the issuer intend this offering to last more than one year?
No
Item 9. Type(s) of Securities Offered


Pooled Investment Fund Interests


Item 10. Business Combination Transaction
Is this offering being made in connection with a business combination
  transaction, such as a merger, acquisition or exchange offer?
No
Clarification of Response

Item 11. Minimum Investment
Minimum Investment accepted from any outside investor
0
Item 13. Offering and Sales Amounts
Total Offering Amount
INDEFINITE
Total Amount Sold
0
Total Remaining to be Sold
INDEFINITE
Clarification of Response

Item 14. Investors
Securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons
  who do not qualify as accredited investors,
  

Number of non-accredited investors who already have invested in the offering:

Total number of investors who already have invested in the offering:
1
Item 15. Sales Commissions and Finders' Fees Expenses
Sales Commissions:
0.0 
Finders' Fees
0.0 
Clarification of Response

Item 16. Use of Proceeds
Provide the amount of the gross proceeds of the offering
  that has been or is proposed to be used for payments to any of the persons required
  to be named as executive officers,directors or promoters in response to Item 3 above.
0.0 
Clarification of Response

Signature and Submission
Issuer Name
RXR RE VAF - FUND III PARALLEL B (REIT) LP
Issuer Signature
/S/ JASON BARNETT
Signer Name
JASON BARNETT
Signer Title
EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT AND SECRETARY
Signature Date
12/31/2015








Elevate your investments
Try it for free
















RXR RE VAF - FUND III PARALLEL B (REIT) LP Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      RXR RE VAF - FUND III PARALLEL B (REIT) LP
                    

•   UNIONDALE, NY
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             RXR RE VAF - Fund III Parallel B (reit) is based out of Uniondale.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2015-12-31. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  other investment fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 1



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from RXR RE VAF - FUND III PARALLEL B (REIT) LP, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




rxr re vaf - fund iii parallel b (reit) lp


625 RXR PLAZA

UNIONDALE
NY
                                                        
                                                    11556


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      516-506-6000







Recent SEC Filings




D filed on 12/31/2015
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2015-12-31
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
0
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




JASON   BARNETT

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



MICHAEL   MATURO

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



RICHARD   CONNIFF

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



SCOTT   RECHLER

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



TODD   RECHLER

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















﻿







Rxr Re Vaf – Fund IIi Parallel B  Filing. Jason Barnett  Released Dec 31  form D – Octafinance






















































 








Friday, 28 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated










Rxr Re Vaf – Fund IIi Parallel B  Filing. Jason Barnett  Released Dec 31  form D


12/31/2015  by OctaStaff 
			in Private Financing News 












Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Rxr Re Vaf – Fund IIi Parallel B  Filing. Jason Barnett  Released Dec 31  form D and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/rxr-re-vaf-fund-iii-parallel-b-filing-jason-barnett-released-dec-31-form-d/325949/.CaptchaSubmit
Rxr Re Vaf – Fund IIi Parallel B Form D
The New York-based Rxr Re Vaf – Fund IIi Parallel B Lp had published Form D regarding $135.76 million offering. This is a new filing. The Limited Partnership raised $135.76 million. The offering is still open. The total offering amount was $135.76 million. The form was filed on 2015-12-31. Rxr Re Vaf – Fund IIi Parallel B Lp’s clarification was: unspecified. 
 Rxr Re Vaf – Fund IIi Parallel B is based in New York. The company’s business is Pooled Investment Fund. The form D was filed by Jason Barnett Executive Vice President and Secretary. The company was incorporated in 2015. The filler’s address is: 625 Rxr Plaza, Uniondale, Ny, New York, 11556. Scott Rechler is the related person in the form and it has address: 625 Rxr Plaza, Uniondale, Ny, New York, 11556. Link to Rxr Re Vaf – Fund IIi Parallel B Filing: 000089534515000320.
Analysis of Rxr Re Vaf – Fund IIi Parallel B Offering
On average, firms in the Pooled Investment Fund sector, sell 37.80 % pooled investment interest. Rxr Re Vaf – Fund IIi Parallel B sold 100.00 % of the offering. The average investment size is $24.76 million for companies in the Pooled Investment Fund industry sector. The minimum investment for Rxr Re Vaf – Fund IIi Parallel B ‘s offering is $0.

Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.







 
Tagged: Fundraising $1m+Pooled Investment Fund



Rd Legal Finance  $67168  Fundraising. Roni Dersovitz  Released Dec 31  D form Rxr Real Estate Value Added Fund – Fund IIi  Filing. Jason Barnett  Submitted Dec 31  Form D 



 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


CTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?

























Limited Partnership Agreement Of Rxr Vaf Iii 1285 Co-investor Parallel Lp - Limited Partnership Agreement - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Limited Partnership Agreement     > LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF RXR VAF III 1285 CO-INVESTOR PARALLEL LP

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Limited Partnership Agreement Of Rxr Vaf Iii 1285 Co-investor Parallel Lp
Limited Partnership Agreement



You are currently viewing:
 This Limited Partnership Agreement involves NORTHSTAR/RXR NEW YORK METRO REAL ESTATE, INC. | 1285 INVESTOR NT-NSR, LLC | RXR Realty LLC | RXR VAF III 1285 Co-Investor Parallel LP | RXR VAF III 1285 GP LP | RXR VAF III GP LLC. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF RXR VAF III 1285 CO-INVESTOR PARALLEL LP Governing Law: Delaware      Date: 5/26/2016 Industry: Real Estate Operations        Sector: Services









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day










 
EXHIBIT 10.1


 


LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT

OF

RXR VAF III 1285 CO-INVESTOR PARALLEL LP

 

 

 

____________________________________________________________________________

 


THE INTERESTS ISSUED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES
ACT”), OR REGISTERED OR QUALIFIED UNDER THE APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES LAWS, IN RELIANCE UPON EXEMPTIONS FROM REGISTRATION AND
QUALIFICATION PROVIDED IN THE SECURITIES ACT AND THE APPLICABLE
STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED IN THE
ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT AND QUALIFICATION OR REGISTRATION UNDER THE APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES LAWS, OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE
ISSUER THAT SUCH REGISTRATION OR QUALIFICATION IS NOT
REQUIRED.


IN ADDITION, THE INTERESTS ISSUED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE SOLD
OR TRANSFERRED ONLY IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER
SET FORTH HEREIN.

 

 


 
 
 
 

11585382.7




  


 















 




TABLE OF
CONTENTS



Page




ARTICLE
I


GENERAL
PROVISIONS



1




ARTICLE
II


CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS



2




ARTICLE
III


FINANCING



9




ARTICLE
IV


ALLOCATIONS OF
PROFITS AND LOSSES



13




ARTICLE
V


DISTRIBUTIONS



16




ARTICLE
VI


MANAGEMENT



17




ARTICLE
VII


MEETINGS



24




ARTICLE
VIII


BOOKS, RECORDS
AND BANK ACCOUNTS



24




ARTICLE
IX


ASSIGNABILITY
OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS; SALE OF THE INVESTMENT



27




ARTICLE
X


DISSOLUTION AND
TERMINATION



29




ARTICLE
XI


INTENTIONALLY
OMITTED



32




ARTICLE
XII


MISCELLANEOUS



32





 




 




 





Annex
A


Capital
Commitments, Initial Capital Contributions and Percentage
Interests



 





Annex
B


Right of First
Offer



 






 




 




 






 




 




 






 

 


 
 

11585382.7




  


 

 

LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT
 

OF
 

RXR VAF III 1285 CO-INVESTOR PARALLEL LP

 


LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT, (the “ Agreement
”) dated as of May 20, 2016, of RXR VAF III 1285 Co-Investor
Parallel LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the “
Partnership ”) having an address at c/o RXR
Realty LLC, 625 RXR Plaza, Uniondale, NY 11556, by and among RXR
VAF III 1285 GP LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the “
General Partner ”), and any persons admitted to
the Partnership in accordance with the terms of this Agreement as
limited partners (each, a “ Limited Partner
”). The Limited Partners of the Partnership and the General
Partner are hereinafter sometimes referred to collectively as the
“ Partners ” and each of them
individually as a “ Partner .” Certain
capitalized terms used herein are defined in Article II.

Background

 


WHEREAS, the General Partner formed the Partnership pursuant to the
provisions of the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act,
as amended from time to time (the “ Act
”), by causing the Certificate of Limited Partnership of the
Partnership to be filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on May
18, 2016, pursuant to Section 17-201 of the Act (as may be amended
or restated from time to time hereafter, the “
Certificate of Limited Partnership
”);


WHEREAS, the Partnership will own certain indirect interests in the
real property commonly known as 1285 Avenue of the Americas (the
“ Investment ”); and


WHEREAS, the Partners desire to be admitted to the Partnership and
to set forth the terms, covenants and conditions governing or
pertaining to the Partnership, as hereinafter provided in this
Agreement.


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the mutual
agreements herein contained and other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE I 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS


1.01. Formation of the Partnership . The Partners hereby
agree to form and maintain a Limited Partnership pursuant to the
Act and this Agreement. The General Partner shall have the
authority (i) to execute, file and record any amendments to, or
restatements of, the Certificate of Limited Partnership, any
fictitious name certificates and/or other documents to comply with
the laws of the State of Delaware, and any other jurisdiction in
which the Partnership shall carry on its business and (ii) to
designate and authorize any third party who need not be a Partner
of the Partnership to execute, file and record any such amendments,
restatements, certificates and/or other documents.

 


 
 

11585382.7




 


 



1.02. Name and Principal Office of the Partnership . The
Partnership shall be conducted under the name of RXR VAF III 1285
Co-Investor Parallel LP, or any other name the General Partner may
determine. Its principal office shall be located at c/o RXR Realty
LLC, 625 RXR Plaza, Uniondale, NY 11556, or at such other places
within the United States as the General Partner may
determine.


1.03. Business of the Partnership .


(a)    The business and purposes of the
Partnership shall be to (i) acquire, own, finance, refinance
and manage equity interests in RXR VAF III 1285 Vehicle LP, which
owns certain indirect interests in the Investment and (ii) do such
other acts as the General Partner may deem necessary or advisable
in connection with the foregoing.


(b)    In order to carry out the business and
purposes set forth in Section 1.03(a) hereof, the Partnership shall
have the power to do all and everything necessary, suitable or
proper for the accomplishment of or in furtherance of any of the
purposes set forth herein, and to do every other act or acts, thing
or things, incidental or appurtenant to or arising from or
connected with any of such purposes.


(c)    The Partnership shall not engage in any
business other than as provided in this Section 1.03.


1.04. Term of the Partnership . The term of the Partnership
(the “ Term ”) commenced effective upon
the filing of the Certificate of Limited Partnership of the
Partnership with the Delaware Secretary of State on May 18, 2016
and shall continue in full force and effect until the earlier
of:


(a)    the date that the Partnership is
dissolved in accordance with the provisions of Article X hereof;
and


(b)    the date of the sale or disposition of
the Investment.


1.05. Partners .


(a)    The General Partner of the Partnership
shall be RXR VAF III 1285 GP LP. Except as expressly provided in
this Agreement, no other Person shall be admitted as an additional
or substitute General Partner of the Partnership.


(b)    The Limited Partners of the Partnership
shall be listed in the books and records of the Partnership. Except
as expressly provided in this Agreement, no Person shall be
admitted as an additional or substitute Limited Partner of the
Partnership.
 
ARTICLE II 
 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS


For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the
following meanings:


“Act” shall have the meaning set forth in the
Background Section.

 



2
 

11585382.7




 


 



“Adjusted Capital Account Deficit” shall mean, with
respect to any Partner, the deficit balance, if any, in such
Partner’s Capital Account as of the end of the relevant tax
year, after giving effect to the following adjustments:


(i)    credit to such Capital Account any
amounts which such Partner is obligated to restore pursuant to any
provision of this Agreement or is deemed to be obligated to restore
pursuant to Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(c) of the Regulations or
the penultimate sentences of Sections 1.704-2(g)(1) and (i)(5) of
the Regulations; and


(ii)    debit to such Capital Account the items
described in Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), (5) and (6) of the
Regulations.


The foregoing definition of “Adjusted Capital Account
Deficit” is intended to comply with the provisions of Section
1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) of the Regulations and shall be interpreted
consistently therewith.


“Adjusted Capital Contributions” means, with respect to
each Partner, the total amount of Capital Contributions made by
such Partner pursuant to Sections 3.01, 3.02(a), 3.02(b), 3.02(c),
3.03 (excluding any Capital Contributions returned to existing
Limited Partners pursuant to such Section) and 10.02, less any Net
Distributable Cash and other amounts distributed to such Partner
pursuant to Section 5.01(a).


 “Affiliate” means, with reference to a Person,
(i) any Person directly or indirectly Controlling, Controlled by or
under common Control with such Person, (ii) any Person owning or
controlling ten percent (10%) or more of the outstanding voting
securities or beneficial interests of such Person, (iii) any
officer, director, partner, manager, general trustee or anyone
acting in a substantially similar capacity as to such Person; and
(iv) any Person who is an officer, director, general partner,
trustee, or holder of ten percent (10%) or more of the voting
securities or beneficial interests of any of the foregoing;
provided that any separate investment account, feeder fund,
alternative investment vehicle or similar Person that is managed by
the General Partner or its Affiliates shall not be considered an
Affiliate of the General Partner or its Affiliates in any
circumstance or for any purpose under this Agreement in which the
determination as to any action, decision or vote to be effected is
actually made or approved by the Person or Persons who are not
themselves the General Partner or an Affiliate of the General
Partner (without regard to whether such action, decision or vote to
be effected is actually effected by the General Partner or its
Affiliate); provided further that 1285 Investor NT-NSR, LLC shall
not be considered an Affiliate of RXR for purposes of this
Agreement.


“Agreement” means this Limited Partnership Agreement of
the Partnership, as may be amended or restated in accordance with
the terms hereof.


 “Authorized Representative” shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 12.12(a).


“Budget Act” means the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015
(P.L. 114-74).


“Business Day” shall mean any day other than (a)
Saturday or Sunday and (b) any other day on which banks
located in New York City are required or authorized by law to
remain closed.

 



3
 

11585382.7




 


 



“Capital Account” shall mean an account for each
Partner which shall consist of its initial Capital Contribution to
the Partnership as described in Section 3.01 hereof, and shall be
increased by:


(a)    the amount of additional cash or other
property (net of liabilities assumed by the Partnership and
liabilities to which such contributed property is subject)
contributed, or deemed to be contributed, by such Partner to the
Partnership in accordance with this Agreement; and


(b)    the amount of Profit and other items of
income and gain allocated to such Partner pursuant to
Article IV hereof;

and shall be decreased by :


(c)    the amount of Loss and other items of
deduction or loss allocated to such Partner pursuant to
Article IV hereof;


(d)    the amount of cash distributed to such
Partner in accordance with this Agreement; and


(e)    the fair market value of property other
than cash distributed to such Partner (net of liabilities assumed
by such Partner and liabilities to which such distributed property
is subject).


The Capital Account of each Partner shall be further adjusted as
set forth in this Agreement. No Partner shall be required to
restore any negative balance in its Capital Account except as
otherwise provided herein. In the event that all or a portion of a
Partnership Interest in the Partnership is transferred in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the transferee shall
succeed to the Capital Account of the transferor to the extent it
relates to the transferred Partnership Interest.

“Capital Call Notice” shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 3.02(a).


“Capital Commitment” means, with respect to any
Partner, the capital commitment of such Partner set forth on
Annex A hereto, as the same may be amended from time to
time.


“Capital Contributions” means the contributions made to
the Partnership by the Partners in respect of their Capital
Commitments.


 “Certificate of Limited Partnership” shall have
the meaning set forth in the Background Section.


“Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended from time to time.


“Company Act” shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 9.01(a)(ii).


“Continuing Liability” shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 10.02(a).


“ 
Control” means the power to direct or cause the direction of
the management or policies of a company whether through ownership
of securities, by contract or otherwise, and
“Controlling” and “Controlled” shall be
interpreted accordingly.

 



4
 

11585382.7




 


 



“Defaulting Partner” shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 3.02(c).


“Due Date” shall have the meaning set forth in Section
3.02(b).


“ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974, as amended.


“Event of Dissolution” shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 10.01(a).


“Event of Withdrawal” means, with respect to any
Partner, the death, incapacity, dissolution, expulsion, withdrawal,
insolvency or bankruptcy of such Partner. For the purposes of this
Agreement, the “bankruptcy” of a Partner shall be
deemed to occur only (i) when the Partner shall file a voluntary
petition in bankruptcy, or shall be adjudicated bankrupt or
insolvent, or shall file any petition or answer seeking for itself
any reorganization, arrangement, composition, readjustment,
liquidation, dissolution or similar relief under any present or
future statute, law or regulation, or shall file any answer
admitting (or shall fail to contest) the material allegations of
petition filed against such entity in any such proceeding or shall
seek or consent to or acquiesce in the judicial appointment of any
trustee, fiscal agent, receiver or liquidator of such entity or of
all or any substantial part of its properties or shall take any
action looking to its dissolution or liquidation; or (ii) if,
within sixty (60) days after the commencement of an action against
the Partner seeking any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement,
composition, readjustment, liquidation, dissolution or similar
relief under any present or future statute, law or regulation, such
action shall not have been dismissed or all orders or proceedings
thereunder affecting the operations or the business of such entity
stayed, or if the stay of any such order or proceeding thereafter
shall be set aside, or if, within sixty (60) days after the
judicial appointment without the consent or acquiescence of such
entity of any trustee, fiscal agent, receiver or liquidator of such
entity or of all or any substantial part of its properties, such
appointment shall not have been vacated. For purposes of this
Agreement, the “insolvency” of a Partner shall be
deemed to occur only when the Partner shall make an assignment for
the benefit of creditors or shall admit in writing that its assets
are insufficient to pay its liabilities as they come
due.


“Excess Nonrecourse Liability” means an “excess
nonrecourse liability” within the meaning of Section 1.752-3
(a) (3) of the Regulations.


“Fiscal Year” shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 8.01.


“Fund General Partner” means the general partner of the
VAF III Partnerships.


“General Partner” shall have the meaning set forth in
the first paragraph hereof.


“Gross Asset Value” means, with respect to any asset,
the asset’s adjusted basis for federal income tax purposes,
except as follows:


(i)    the initial Gross Asset Value of any
asset contributed by a Partner to the Partnership shall be the
gross fair market value of such asset at the time of such
contribution as reasonably determined by the General
Partner;


(ii)    the Gross Asset Values of all
Partnership assets may, in the sole discretion of the General
Partner, be adjusted to equal their respective gross fair market
values, as reasonably determined by the General Partner, as of the
following times: (a)

 



5
 

11585382.7




 


 



the acquisition of an additional interest in the Partnership by any
new or existing Partner in exchange for more than a de minimis
Capital Contribution; (b) the distribution by the Partnership to a
Partner of more than a de minimis amount of Partnership property as
consideration for an interest in the Partnership; (c) the grant of
an interest in the Partnership (other than a de minimis interest)
as consideration for the provision of services to or for the
benefit of the Partnership by an existing Partner acting in a
Partner capacity, or by a new Partner acting in a Partner capacity,
or in anticipation of becoming a Partner; and (d) the liquidation
of the Partnership within the meaning of Section
1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(g) of the Regulations;


(iii)    the Gross Asset Value of any
Partnership asset distributed to any Partner shall be the gross
fair market value of such asset on the date of distribution, as
reasonably determined by the General Partner; and


(iv)    the Gross Asset Values of Partnership
assets shall be increased (or decreased) to reflect any adjustments
to the adjusted basis of such assets pursuant to Code Section
734(b) or Code Section 743(b), but only to the extent that such
adjustments are taken into account in determining Capital Accounts
pursuant to Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m) of the Regulations and
Article V hereof; provided , however , that Gross
Asset Values shall not be adjusted pursuant to this clause (iv) to
the extent the General Partner determines that an adjustment
pursuant to clause (ii) above is necessary or appropriate in
connection with a transaction that would otherwise result in an
adjustment pursuant to this clause (iv).


If the Gross Asset Value of an asset has been determined or
adjusted pursuant to clause (i), (ii) or (iv) above, such Gross
Asset Value shall thereafter be adjusted in the same manner as
would the asset’s adjusted basis for federal income tax
purposes, except that depreciation deductions shall be computed
based on the asset’s Gross Asset Value as so determined,
rather than on its adjusted tax basis.


“Indemnitees” shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 6.03(a).


“Initial Closing Date” means May 20, 2016.


“Investment” shall have the meaning set forth in the
Background Section.


“Limited Partner” shall have the meaning set forth in
the first paragraph hereof.


“Majority (or other specified percentage) in Interest of the
Limited Partners” means, at any time, those Limited Partners
(excluding Defaulting Partners) having Percentage Interests in the
aggregate in excess of fifty percent (50%) (or other specified
percentage) of the aggregate Percentage Interests of all the
Limited Partners (excluding Defaulting Partners) in the
Partnership.

 


“Modifications” shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 6.01(e)(iv).


“Net Distributable Cash” shall mean the sum of :
(w) the Partnership’s share of cash distributions which
the Partnership receives from its interest in the Investment or any
other of the Partnership’s assets and holdings (including any
amounts released from Partnership Reserves), together with any net
proceeds or other cash from the financing, refinancing or sale of
its interest in the Investment or any Partnership Affiliate, or
from any other source, and (x) any income earned

 



6
 

11585382.7




 


 



on its cash holdings from temporary investments, reduced by
the sum of: (y) any expenses and liabilities incurred by the
Partnership and (z) any amounts added to Reserves. “Net
Distributable Cash” shall not be reduced by depreciation,
amortization, cost recovery deductions or similar non-cash
allowances.


“Non-Defaulting Partner” shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 3.02(c).


“Nonrecourse Debt” means any Partnership liability to
the extent that no Partner or related person bears the economic
risk of loss for such liability under Section 1.752-2 of the
Regulations.


“Nonrecourse Deductions” shall be determined as set
forth in Section 1.704-2 (b) (1) of the Regulations.


“Nonrecourse Liability” shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 1.704-2(b)(3) of the Regulations.


“Notice Date” shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 3.02(b).


“Partner” or “Partners” shall have the
meaning in the first paragraph hereof.


“Partner Nonrecourse Debt” shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 1.704-2 (b) (4) of the Regulations.


“Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain” shall be
determined as set forth in Section 1.704-2 (i) (2) of the
Regulations, and, as provided therein, shall generally be the
amount, with respect to each Partner Nonrecourse Debt, equal to the
Partnership Minimum Gain that would result if such Partner
Nonrecourse Debt were treated as a Nonrecourse Debt.


“Partner Nonrecourse Deductions” shall be determined in
the manner set forth in Section 1.704-2 (i) (1) of the
Regulations.


“Partnership” shall have the meaning set forth in the
first paragraph hereof.


“Partnership Interest” means, with respect to each
Partner, its total economic interest in the Partnership as a
Partner, including its right to receive distributions of Net
Distributable Cash and allocations of Profit and Loss in accordance
with this Agreement.


“Partnership Minimum Gain” shall be determined as set
forth in Section 1.704-2 (b) (2) of the Regulations.


“Percentage Interest” means, as to each Partner, the
percentage determined by dividing (i) the total Capital
Contributions made by such Partner to the Partnership pursuant to
the terms of this Agreement, by (ii) an amount equal to the
total Capital Contributions made by all of the Partners to the
Partnership pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, provided that,
for the avoidance of doubt, capital contributions shall exclude any
Priority Capital Contributions.


“Person” means a corporation, an association, a
partnership (general or limited), a joint venture, an estate, a
trust, a limited liability company, a limited liability
partnership, any other legal entity, or an individual.

 



7
 

11585382.7




 


 



“Principal” means any of Scott Rechler, Michael Maturo
or Jason Barnett (collectively,
“Principals”).


“Priority Capital Contribution” shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 3.02(g).


“Profits” and “Losses” mean, for each
taxable year or other period, an amount equal to the
Partnership’s taxable income or loss for such year or period,
determined in accordance with Code Section 703(a) (for this
purpose, all items of income, gain, loss or deduction required to
be stated separately pursuant to Code Section 703(a)(1) shall be
included in taxable income or loss), with the following
adjustments:

(i)    any income of the Partnership that is
exempt from federal income tax and not otherwise taken into account
in computing Profits and Losses shall be added to such taxable
income or loss;

(ii)    any expenditures of the Partnership
described in Code Section 705(a)(2)(B) or treated as Code Section
705(a)(2)(B) expenditures pursuant to Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(i)
of the Regulations, and not otherwise taken into account in
computing Profits or Losses shall be subtracted from such taxable
income or loss;

(iii)    if the Gross Asset Value of any
Partnership asset is adjusted pursuant to clause (ii), (iii) or
(iv) of the definition of Gross Asset Value herein, the amount of
such adjustment shall be taken into account as gain or loss from
the disposition of such asset for purposes of computing Profits or
Losses;

(iv)    gain or loss resulting from any
disposition of Partnership property with respect to which gain or
loss is recognized for federal income tax purposes shall be
computed by reference to the Gross Asset Value of the property
disposed of, notwithstanding that the adjusted tax basis of such
property differs from its Gross Asset Value;

(v)    depreciation or other cost recovery
deductions shall be computed based upon the Gross Asset Values of
the Partnership’s assets rather than upon such assets’
adjusted bases for U.S. federal income tax purposes; and

(vi)    notwithstanding any other provisions
hereof, any items which are specially allocated pursuant to Article
IV hereof shall not be taken into account in computing Profits or
Losses.


“Records” shall have the meaning set forth in Section
8.03(a).


“Regulations” means regulations, proposed regulations,
and temporary regulations promulgated under the Code from time to
time.


“Removal Event” shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 6.02(b).


“Reserves” means any reserves established or increased
for the payment of Partnership expenses or liabilities, in such
amounts and for such reasons as reasonably determined by the
General Partner.

 



8
 

11585382.7




 


 



“RXR” means RXR Realty LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company, and its successors whether by way of merger,
business combination, sale of assets, reincorporation,
consolidation, recapitalization, liquidation, amalgamation or
similar transaction or otherwise.


“Security Instruments” shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 6.01(e)(iii).


“Subsequent Closing” means a closing which occurs after
the date hereof at which any existing Partner increases its Capital
Commitment, or any additional Limited Partner is admitted to the
Partnership in respect of a Capital Commitment.


“Tax Distributions” shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 5.04.


“Term” shall have the meaning set forth in Section
1.04.


“Transfers” shall have the meaning set forth in Section
9.01(a).


“VAF III Partnership Agreements” means, collectively,
the operating agreements of the VAF III Partnerships.


“VAF III Partnerships” means, collectively, RXR Real
Estate Value Added Fund – Fund III LP, RXR RE VAF –
Fund III Parallel A LP, RXR RE VAF – Fund III Parallel B LP
and RXR RE VAF – Fund III Parallel B (REIT) LP.


“Withdrawing Partner” shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 9.02.
 
ARTICLE III 
 
FINANCING


3.01. Capital Commitments and Initial Capital Contributions of
the Partners .


(a)    The General Partner’s Capital
Commitment and initial Capital Contribution are set forth on
Annex A to this Agreement.


(b)    The names of the initial Limited
Partners and their respective Capital Commitments and initial
Capital Contributions are set forth on Annex A to this
Agreement.


3.02. Additional Capital Contributions; Loans


(a)    Within 10 Business Days after written
notice from the General Partner (a “ Capital Call
Notice ”), the Partners shall (i) be required to fund
additional Capital Contributions in satisfaction of their
respective Capital Commitments, proportionately in relation to each
Partner’s unfunded Capital Commitment and (ii) to the extent
the General Partner is requesting additional Capital Contributions
that would result in a Partner making aggregate Capital
Contributions in excess of such Partner’s Capital Commitment,
have the option to fund such requested additional Capital
Contribution. The General Partner may deliver Capital Call Notices
for operating expenses, liabilities or other obligations of the
Partnership.


(b)    If any Partner fails to contribute the
full amount of any additional Capital Contributions required to be
made pursuant to Section 3.02(a)(i) on or prior to the date
on

 



9
 

11585382.7




 


 



which the additional Capital Contributions are required to be made
(the “ Due Date ”), but
contributes its full share within ten (10) days after the date
notice is given to such Partner of that failure (the “
Notice Date ”), such Partner
shall also pay to the Partnership in addition to such additional
Capital Contribution, an amount equal to the sum of (A) an amount
equivalent to interest for the period beginning with the Due Date
and ending with the date such contribution is made by such Partner
at a rate equal to fifteen percent (15%) per annum, not to exceed
the maximum amount permitted by law, during such period on the full
amount contributed, and (B) any additional actual out-of-pocket
costs required to be paid or incurred directly or indirectly by the
Partnership as a result of that Partner’s failure to make
such additional Capital Contributions on or prior to the Due
Date.


(c)    If any Partner fails to contribute the
full amount of any additional Capital Contributions required to be
made pursuant to Section 3.02(a)(i), within ten (10) days after the
Notice Date, the General Partner may elect, in its sole discretion,
that such Partner shall be a Defaulting Partner (the “
Defaulting Partner ”) as of that tenth day, in
which case, the General Partner may elect to exercise one or more
of the following remedies with respect to such Defaulting
Partner:


(i)    Such Defaulting Partner shall forfeit
all of its voting, approval and similar rights under this
Agreement.


(ii)    The General Partner shall have the
right, on behalf of the Partners other than the Defaulting Partner
(the “ Non - Defaulting
Partners ”), exercisable by notice from the
General Partner to the Defaulting Partner to cause the Partnership
to pursue any available legal remedies against the Defaulting
Partner to collect the additional Capital Contributions and any
other damages (including consequential damages).


(iii)    The General Partner shall have the
right to lend (or to permit another Person to lend), to the
Defaulting Partner the amount of such additional Capital
Contribution that was not made timely by the Defaulting Partner,
the proceeds of which loan are to be paid to the Partnership on
behalf of the Defaulting Partner as an additional Capital
Contribution by the Defaulting Partner. Any loan under this clause
(iii) shall be a recourse loan to the Defaulting Partner, and shall
bear interest, compounded monthly, at the rate equal to twenty
percent (20%) per annum, not to exceed the maximum interest rate
permitted by law, from the Due Date until the date of repayment.
Repayment of any such loan by the Defaulting Partner shall be
effected by causing the Partnership to pay directly to the Persons
who shall have made the loan, all distributions otherwise payable
to the Defaulting Partner under this Agreement as and when payable,
instead of making such distributions to the Defaulting Partner
(with such distributions being deemed for all purposes to have been
made to the Defaulting Partner and then paid by the Defaulting
Partner to the Persons who shall have made the loan). Any payments
made with respect to the foregoing loans shall first be applied to
accrued but unpaid interest, and then be deemed a repayment of
principal. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this clause
(iii), the Defaulting Partner shall be personally liable for the
payment of interest and the repayment of principal on any such loan
contemplated by this clause (iii).


(iv)    The General Partner shall have the
right to cause the Percentage Interest, Capital Commitment,
Adjusted Capital Contribution and Capital Account of such
Defaulting Partner to be reduced to zero (or to such other amount
as determined by the General Partner) and to reallocate the balance
in such Capital Account

 



10
 

11585382.7




 


 



to the Capital Accounts of all other Partners pro rata in
accordance with their Percentage Interests.


(d)    Intentionally Omitted.


(e)    The provisions of this Section 3.02 are
not intended to be for the benefit of any creditor or other Person
(other than a Partner) to whom any debts, liabilities or
obligations are owed by, or who otherwise has any claim against,
the Partnership or any of the Partners; and no such creditor or
other Person shall obtain any right under any such provision or by
reason of any such liability, obligation or otherwise against the
Partnership or any of the Partners. No Partner shall be required to
make any loans or Capital Contributions to the Partnership other
than as provided for in Section 3.01, Section 10.02 and this
Section 3.02.


(f)    Subject to Section 5.05 and Section
10.02, or as otherwise required by law, no Partner shall be
required to return any distributions received by such Partner from
the Partnership. No Partner shall have the right to withdraw any
part of his Capital Contributions, or receive any distribution or
consideration for the fair value of its Partnership Interest,
except as specifically provided in this Agreement. Except as
specifically provided in this Agreement, no time has been agreed
upon for the return of any Partner's Capital Contributions. No
Partner shall at any time withdraw from the Partnership except as
expressly provided in this Agreement. No Partner shall receive
interest on its Capital Contribution to the Partnership. At no time
during the term of the Partnership or upon dissolution and
liquidation thereof shall any Partner with a negative balance in
its Capital Account have any obligation to the Partnership or the
other Partners to eliminate or restore such negative
balance.


(g)    If, under the terms of any loan to the
Partnership or any entity established by the Partnership for the
purpose of acquiring or owning an Investment, any Principal or an
Affiliate thereof is required to make any payments under any
guarantees, indemnity agreements or other Investment loan documents
not attributable to personal actions of the Principal outside the
scope of the General Partner’s authority in this Agreement,
and giving rise to liability under any guaranty, indemnity, or
similar agreement executed by the Principal or an Affiliate
thereof, then each such payment shall be deemed to be a “
Priority Capital Contribution ” made by the
General Partner to the Partnership; provided, however, that prior
to any Principal or Affiliate making any such Priority Capital
Contribution, the Partnership shall request that the Limited
Partners fund any such payment pro rata in accordance with their
Percentage Interests, and a Priority Capital Contribution shall
only be made in the amount that has not been so funded by the
Limited Partners; provided further, that if the General Partner
determines in its reasonable discretion that the payment is
required to be funded in a time frame that would not permit the
General Partner to call additional Capital Contributions while
enabling the Principal or Affiliate to comply with its obligations
under the applicable agreement, the Principal or Affiliate may make
such Priority Capital Contribution and subsequently request that
the Limited Partners reimburse the Principal or Affiliate for such
Priority Capital Contribution, in which case, the amount so
reimbursed shall not be entitled to the preferred return described
in the following sentence. Unpaid Priority Capital Contributions
shall be entitled to a ten percent (10%) preferred return thereon,
compounded annually, which return shall be treated as a guaranteed
payment within the meaning of Section 707(c) of the Code. Priority
Capital Contributions and the preferred return thereon may only be
paid out of Net Distributable Cash, to the extent it is available,
and before any other distributions of Net Distributable Cash are
made pursuant to Section 5.01. In the event that any Priority
Capital Contributions are deemed to have been made pursuant to this
Section 3.02(g), then, notwithstanding the provisions of
Article

 



11
 

11585382.7




 


 



V, Net Distributable Cash shall first be distributed to the General
Partner until it receives, pursuant to this Section 3.02(g), an
amount equal to its Priority Capital Contributions together with
the preferred return accrued thereon. Priority Capital
Contributions shall not increase the General Partner’s
Percentage Interest and therefore shall not dilute the Percentage
Interests of the Limited Partners. Promptly after any Priority
Capital Contribution is made, the General Partner shall give
written notice to the Advisory Committee of such Priority Capital
Contribution.


3.03. Admission of Additional Partners . If the Partnership
requires additional funds in excess of the Limited Partners’
Capital Commitments, the General Partner shall request such funds
from the Limited Partners, pro rata based on their Percentage
Interests; provided that the Limited Partners shall have no
obligation to make any additional Capital Contributions in excess
of their Capital Commitments. If, after making a request for funds
in excess of the Capital Commitments of the Limited Partners as
provided in the previous sentence, the Limited Partners have
declined to fund such excess in full, and the General Partner
determines that additional funds are needed, the General Partner,
in its sole discretion, shall have the right, subject to Section
9.01(e), to admit additional Partners to the Partnership, or to
permit an existing Partner to increase its Capital Commitment, in
one or more Subsequent Closings without the consent of the Partners
in accordance with the terms of this Section 3.03. The Partners
hereby consent to such admission of the additional Partners and/or
the increase in the Capital Commitment of other existing Partners
after the date hereof and agree to take all reasonable actions
requested by the General Partner to effectuate the same. Unless
there has been a material change or significant events relating to
an Investment which would justify an increased valuation in the
reasonable determination of the General Partner, such Partner
participating in a Subsequent Closing will (A) remit to the
Partnership upon such admission or increase an amount equal to the
product of (i) a fraction, the numerator of which equals the
additional Partner’s Capital Commitment or the increase in
the existing Partner’s Capital Commitment, as the case may
be, and the denominator of which equals the Capital Commitments of
all Partners (including the Capital Commitments of all additional
Partners and the increase in Capital Commitments of all existing
Partners) and (ii) all Adjusted Capital Contributions (and after
taking into account any Capital Contributions previously returned
to the Partners pursuant to this Agreement and any contributions or
distributions pursuant to this Section 3.03), and (B) make an
additional contribution (which shall not be deemed a Capital
Contribution), calculated in the same manner as interest, on the
amounts described in clause (A) of this sentence at an annual rate
equal to ten percent (10%) calculated from the date on which
Capital Contributions would have been made if such Partner had been
admitted to the Partnership on the date hereof or in the case of a
Partner increasing its Capital Commitment, such Capital Commitment
had been made on the date hereof. Capital Contributions and the
additional contributions made by Partners admitted at a Subsequent
Closing may be paid to existing Limited Partners pro rata in
accordance with their Adjusted Capital Contributions immediately
prior to the Subsequent Closing. Capital Contributions made
pursuant to clauses (A) and (B) of this Section 3.03 shall be made
in satisfaction of the Capital Commitments of the contributing
Limited Partners, and the Capital Contributions and other amounts
contributed pursuant to clauses (A) and (C) of this Section 3.03
shall be paid to existing Limited Partners pro rata in accordance
with their Adjusted Capital Contributions. Capital Contributions
made pursuant to clause (A) of this Section 3.03(i) and paid
pursuant hereto to a Partner will be added to the unfunded Capital
Commitment of the receiving Partners and will be subject to recall
as a Capital Contribution pursuant to the terms hereof. If, in
connection with either the admission of Partners after the date
hereof or an increase in a Partner’s Capital Commitment after
the date hereof, an additional amount is paid to and a portion of a
Capital Contribution is returned to a Limited Partner, it shall be
treated for all purposes (other than for tax purposes) as if such
capital had never been contributed.

 



12
 

11585382.7




  


 



ARTICLE IV 
 
ALLOCATIONS OF PROFITS AND LOSSES


4.01. Losses . Except as otherwise provided in this Article
IV, Losses of the Partnership for each taxable year (or portion
thereof) shall be allocated as follows:


(a)    first, to the Partners that have
received an allocation of Profits pursuant to Section 4.02(b), in
the same ratio as such prior allocations, in an amount sufficient
to reverse such prior allocations, and in the reverse of the
chronological order in which such prior allocations were made;
and


(b)    second, to the Partners, pro
rata in accordance with their respective Percentage
Interests.


4.02. Profits . Except as otherwise provided in this Article
IV, Profits of the Partnership for each taxable year (or portion
thereof) shall be allocated as follows:


(a)    first, to the Partners proportionately
in an amount equal to (i) the cumulative Losses allocated pursuant
to Section 4.01(b) to each such Partner over (ii) the cumulative
Profits allocated pursuant to this Section 4.02(a) to each such
Partner for all prior taxable years (or portions thereof);
and


(b)    second, remaining Profits shall be
allocated to each Partner in an amount such that Profits, on an
aggregate basis since the inception of the Partnership, are
proportionate to the distributions (other than distributions that
represent repayment of Priority Capital Contributions and the
preferred return thereon or Capital Contributions) that such
Partner received or would receive as of the end of such taxable
year (or other period) if all of the Partnership’s Profits
(determined on an aggregate basis since the inception of the
Partnership) consisted of Net Distributable Cash that was
distributed as of such year-end pursuant to Article V (other
than Section 5.01(a) and less any actual distributions made
pursuant to Article V).


4.03. Special Allocations .


(a)     Partnership Minimum Gain
Chargeback . Notwithstanding anything contained in this Article
IV to the contrary, if there is a net decrease in Partnership
Minimum Gain during any taxable year (or other period), except as
otherwise permitted by Sections 1.704-2(f)(2), (3), (4) and (5) of
the Regulations, items of Partnership income and gain for such
taxable year (and subsequent years, if necessary) in the order
provided in Section 1.704-2(j)(2)(i) of the Regulations shall be
allocated among all Partners whose shares of Partnership Minimum
Gain decreased during that year in proportion to and to the extent
of such Partner’s share of the net decrease in Partnership
Minimum Gain during such year. The allocation contained in this
Section 4.03(a) is intended to be a minimum gain chargeback within
the meaning of Section 1.704-2 of the Regulations, and shall be
interpreted consistently therewith.


(b)     Partnership Nonrecourse Debt Minimum
Gain Chargeback . Notwithstanding anything contained in Article
IV to the contrary, if there is a net decrease in Partner
Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain during any taxable year (or other
period), except as provided in Section 1.704-2(i) of the
Regulations, items of Partnership income and gain for such taxable
year (and subsequent years, if necessary) in the order provided in
Section 1.704-2(j)(2)(ii) of the

 



13
 

11585382.7




 


 



Regulations shall be allocated among all Partners whose share of
Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain decreased during that year in
proportion to and to the extent of such Partner’s share of
the net decrease in Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain during
such year. This Section 4.03(b) is intended to comply with the
minimum gain chargeback requirement in Section 1.704-2 of the
Regulations and shall be interpreted consistently therewith. Excess
Nonrecourse Liabilities shall be allocated among the Partners in
accordance with their Percentage Interests.


(c)     Loss Limitation .
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4.03, the
amount of items of Partnership expense and loss allocated pursuant
to this Section 4.03 to any Partner shall not exceed the maximum
amount of such items that can be so allocated without causing such
Partner (other than the General Partner) to have an Adjusted
Capital Account Deficit at the end of any taxable year (or other
period). All such items in excess of the limitation set forth in
this Section 4.03(c) shall be allocated first to Partners who would
not have an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit, pro rata, until no
Partner would be entitled to any further allocation, and thereafter
to the General Partner.


(d)     Qualified Income Offset .
Notwithstanding any provisions of Article IV to the contrary, in
the event any Partner unexpectedly receives any adjustments,
allocations, or distributions described in Sections
1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(5), or
1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(6) of the Regulations, items of Partnership
income and gain (including gross income) shall be specially
allocated to each such Partner in an amount and manner sufficient
to eliminate, to the extent required by the Regulations, the
Adjusted Capital Account Deficit of such Partner as quickly as
possible, provided that an allocation pursuant to this
Section 4.03(d) shall be made only if and to the extent that such
Partner would have an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit. The
allocation contained in this Section 4.03(d) is intended to be a
“qualified income offset” within the meaning of Section
1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) of the Regulations, and shall be subject
thereto.


(e)     Ordering . Sections 4.03(a),
(b), (c) and (d) hereof shall be applied in the order provided in
Section 1.704-2 of the Regulations.


(f)     Section 754 Election Adjustments
. To the extent that an adjustment to the adjusted tax basis of any
Partnership asset pursuant to Code Section 734(b) or 743(b) is
required, pursuant to Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m) of the
Regulations, to be taken into account in determining Capital
Accounts, the amount of such adjustment to the Capital Accounts
shall be treated as an item of gain (if the adjustment increases
the basis of the asset) or loss (if the adjustment decreases such
basis) and such gain or loss shall be specially allocated to the
Partners in a manner consistent with the manner in which their
Capital Accounts are required to be adjusted pursuant to such
section of the Regulations.


(g)     Nonrecourse Deductions .
Nonrecourse Deductions for any Fiscal Year or other period shall be
allocated in accordance with Section 4.01(b).


(h)     Partner Nonrecourse Deductions .
In accordance with Section 1.704-2(i)(1) of the Regulations, any
item of Partnership loss or deduction which is attributable to
Partner Nonrecourse Debt for which a Partner bears the economic
risk of loss (such as a non-recourse loan made by a Partner to the
Partnership or an otherwise non-recourse loan to the Partnership
that has been guaranteed by a Partner) shall be allocated to that
Partner to the extent of its economic risk of loss.

 



14
 

11585382.7




 


 



(i)     Varying Interests . If, in
accordance with the terms of Section 9.01, a Partner sells or
exchanges its interest in the Partnership or otherwise is admitted
as a substituted Partner, Profits and Losses shall be allocated
between the transferor and the transferee in accordance with
Section 9.01(d).


(j)     Intent of Allocations;
Modification . It is intended that prior to a distribution of
the proceeds from a liquidation of the Partnership pursuant to
Section 10.01 hereof, the positive Capital Account balance of each
Partner shall be equal to the amount that such Partner is entitled
to receive pursuant to such Section. Accordingly, notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Article IV, to the extent
permissible under Sections 704(b) of the Code and the Regulations
promulgated thereunder, Profits and Losses and, if necessary, items
of gross income and gross deductions, of the Partnership for the
year of liquidation of the Partnership (or, if earlier, the year in
which all or substantially all of the is assets are sold,
transferred or disposed of) shall be allocated among the Partners
so as to bring the positive Capital Account balance of each Partner
as close as possible to the amount that such Partner is entitled to
receive pursuant to Section 10.01.


4.04. Tax Allocations: Code Section 704(c) .


(a)    For federal income tax purposes, except
as otherwise provided in Section 4.04(b), each item of income,
gain, loss and deduction shall be allocated among the Partners in
the same manner as its corresponding item of book income, gain,
loss or deduction is allocated pursuant to this
Article IV.


(b)    In accordance with Section 704(c) of the
Code and the Regulations thereunder, income, gain, loss and
deduction with respect to any property contributed to the capital
of the Partnership shall, solely for tax purposes, be allocated
among the Partners under any reasonable method selected by the
General Partner so as to take account of any variation between the
adjusted basis of such property to the Partnership for federal
income tax purposes and its initial Gross Asset Value.


If the Gross Asset Value of any Partnership asset is adjusted
pursuant to clause (ii) or (iv) of the definition thereof,
subsequent allocations of income, gain, loss and deduction with
respect to such asset shall take account of any variation between
the adjusted basis of such asset for federal income tax purposes
and its Gross Asset Value in the same manner as under Code Section
704(c) and the Regulations thereunder.


Any elections or other decisions relating to such allocations shall
be made by the General Partner in a manner that reasonably reflects
the purpose and intention of this Agreement. Allocations pursuant
to this Section 4.04(b) are solely for purposes of federal, state
and local taxes and shall not affect, or in any way be taken into
account in computing, any Partner’s Capital Account or share
of Profits, Losses, other items or distributions pursuant to any
provision of this Agreement


(c)    The provisions of this Article IV (and
other related provisions in this Agreement) pertaining to the
allocation of items of Partnership income, gain, loss, deductions,
and credits shall be interpreted consistently with the Regulations,
and to the extent unintentionally inconsistent with such
Regulations, shall be deemed to be modified to the extent necessary
to make such provisions consistent with the Regulations.

 



15
 

11585382.7




  


 



ARTICLE V 
 
DISTRIBUTIONS


5.01. Distributions of Net Distributable Cash . Subject to
the other provisions of this Article V, Net Distributable Cash, if
any, for each Fiscal Year or part thereof (after deducting
therefrom, and paying, to the extent of such available funds, any
unreturned Priority Capital Contributions and preferred returns
thereon) shall initially be apportioned among the Partners in
accordance with their respective Percentage Interests and shall be
distributed quarterly to the Partners. If there is a change in the
Percentage Interests of any of the Partners during any period in
which Net Distributable Cash has been received by the Partnership,
such distributions shall be made to the Partners in a manner
reasonably determined by the General Partner which takes into
account the varying interests of the Partners during such period,
using an interim closing of the books method.


5.02. Distributions in Kind .


(a)    No Partner has a right to any
distribution in any form other than cash.


(b)    The Partnership may not make a
distribution in kind unless approved by both the General Partner
and the Partner receiving the in-kind distribution.


5.03. Limitations on Distributions . No distribution shall
be made to the Partners if such distribution would violate the
Act.


5.04. Intentionally Omitted .


5.05. Withholding .


(a)    The General Partner may withhold and pay
over to the Internal Revenue Service (or any other relevant taxing
authority) such amounts as the Partnership is required to withhold
or otherwise pay, pursuant to the Code or any other applicable law,
on account of a Partner's allocable share of the Partnership's
items of gross income, income, gain, or other attributes for tax
purposes.


(b)    For purposes of this Agreement, any
taxes so withheld or any taxes paid over by the Partnership or
otherwise incurred directly or indirectly, including under Section
6225 of the Code as amended by the Budget Act, with respect to a
Partner's allocable share of the Partnership's gross income,
income, gain or other attributes for tax purposes, or amounts which
are otherwise properly allocable to a Partner, shall be deemed to
be a distribution or payment to such Partner, reducing the amount
otherwise distributable to such Partner pursuant to this Agreement
and reducing the Capital Account of such Partner. If the
Partnership or the General Partner itself pays or incurs any tax
(including penalties or interest) or similar charge directly or
indirectly in respect of any Partner, including under Section 6225
of the Code as amended by the Budget Act, or pays or incurs any
amount (including any tax, penalties or interest) in respect of any
failure to pay or withhold any tax or similar charge in respect of
any Partner as required by applicable law directly or indirectly
that is not withheld from distribution to such Partner, such
Partner shall on demand reimburse the Partnership for such amounts
plus interest thereon (accruing from the date such payment was made
by the person entitled to reimbursement) at the rate of fifteen
percent (15%) per annum, compounded quarterly on the first day of
each calendar quarter, from

 



16
 

11585382.7




 


 



and after the date on which the Partnership has given notice to
such Partner. Such reimbursement shall not constitute a Capital
Contribution and shall not reduce such Partner’s unfunded
Capital Commitment. In addition to all other rights and remedies of
the General Partner or the Partnership at law or in equity with
respect to amounts owed by a Partner to the Partnership pursuant to
this Section 5.05(b), the General Partner shall have the right to
offset, or cause to be offset, against any such Partner’s
distributions under this Agreement all amounts owed by such Partner
to the General Partner or the Partnership pursuant to this Section
5.05(b). A Partner’s reimbursement obligation arising under
this Section 5.05(b) prior to a transfer by such Partner of its
Percentage Interest in the Partnership or a withdrawal by such
Partner shall continue after such transfer or withdrawal.

  
A Partner’s reimbursement obligation arising under this
Section 5.05(b) with respect to taxes withheld, paid over, or
otherwise incurred directly or indirectly by the Partnership (i)
pursuant to Section 6225 of the Code or (ii) that are so withheld,
paid over, or otherwise incurred directly or indirectly by the
Partnership prior to the termination of the Partnership shall
survive the dissolution and termination of the
Partnership.    


(c)    The General Partner shall not be
obligated to apply for or obtain a reduction of or exemption from
withholding tax on behalf of any Partner that may be eligible for
such reduction or exemption. To the extent that a Partner claims to
be entitled to a reduced rate of, or exemption from, a withholding
tax pursuant to an applicable income tax treaty, or otherwise, the
Partner shall furnish the General Partner with such information and
forms as such Partner may be required to complete where necessary
to comply with any and all laws and regulations governing the
obligations of withholding tax agents. Each Partner will fully
comply with any reasonable requests for information from the
General Partner with regard to any withholding tax. Each Partner
represents and warrants that any information and forms furnished by
such Partner pursuant to this Section 5.05(c) shall be true and
accurate and agrees to indemnify the Partnership and each of the
Partners from any and all d


 








 












 

Rxr Re Vaf - Fund Iii Parallel B Lp - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/221822-rxr-re-vaf-fund-iii-parallel-b-lpsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=221822  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Rxr Re Vaf - Fund Iii Parallel B LpCompany DetailsGet alertedif Rxr Re Vaf - Fund Iii Parallel B Lp gets funded!Rxr Re Vaf - Fund Iii Parallel B LpFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesNew YorkUniondaleIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors December 31st, 2015$135,758,824-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Rxr Re Vaf - Fund Iii Parallel B Lp gets funded?Key peopleJason BarnettExecutive OfficerRichard ConniffExecutive OfficerMichael MaturoExecutive OfficerScott RechlerExecutive OfficerTodd RechlerExecutive OfficerPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!