




RXR Real Estate Value Added Fund - Fund III LP - Pooled Investment Fund- Barnett  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









RXR Real Estate Value Added Fund - Fund III LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    625 Rxr Plaza  
    Uniondale, NY, 11556Phone: 516-506-6000 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-27


Amended


$120,771,850


$54,684,745


Other


06b 3C 3C.1 3C.7


SEC link




	2015-12-31


New


$66,087,105


$66,087,105


Other


06b 3C 3C.1 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Jason Barnett 
 Executive 


 Richard Conniff 
 Executive 


 Michael Maturo 
 Executive 


 Scott Rechler 
 Executive 


 Todd Rechler 
 Executive 





















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















CenterSquare Investment Management Announces 100 Million First Closing of CenterSquare Value-Added Fund III L.P.
















































 






















Save to library
Print




 







January 6, 2015





CenterSquare Investment Management Announces $100 Million First Closing of CenterSquare Value-Added Fund III, L.P.

NEW YORK, Jan. 6, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- CenterSquare Investment Management Holdings, Inc., a BNY Mellon investment boutique specializing in real assets investing, announced a first closing of approximately $100 million for its CenterSquare Value-Added Fund III, L.P. 
CenterSquare has set a target of raising $500 million for the fund.
The fund invests in middle-market transitional real estate assets across the U.S. that require structuring and repositioning expertise to maximize cash flow and market value.  The fund targets special situation investments of $15 million to $50 million in the office, multifamily, retail, industrial, parking and hospitality sectors.  
CenterSquare partners with local real estate operators in an effort to achieve a competitive advantage in both investment sourcing and business plan execution.  The firm also benefits from market research obtained from its in-house public real estate securities research and investment platform.
"We believe that the best way to achieve appropriate risk-adjusted returns in the current yield-starved environment is to create value through the acquisition of properties that require capital improvements or financial restructuring," said P.J. Yeatman, head of private real estate for CenterSquare. "Successful execution can result in durable income streams that can be monetized at healthy premiums. We also continue to pursue special situations by targeting owners of real estate that are asset rich  such as faltering operating companies, municipalities and distressed owners.  We see these channels of opportunity as being highly complementary to our traditional sourcing strategies."
Notes to Editors:
CenterSquare was founded in 1987 and offers a variety of real asset strategies and products.  CenterSquare manages approximately $6.8 billion of public real estate securities through CenterSquare Investment Management, Inc. and approximately $1.5 billion (gross) of debt and private equity real estate investments through CenterSquare Investment Management Holdings, Inc. (together referred to as "CenterSquare"), as of September 30, 2014.  It manages investments for institutional investors and high net worth individuals throughout global markets and across public and private capital sectors.  It is one of the investment boutiques of BNY Mellon Investment Management.
BNY Mellon Investment Management is one of the world's leading investment management organizations and one of the top U.S. wealth managers, with $1.6 trillion in assets under management. It encompasses BNY Mellon's affiliated investment management firms, wealth management services and global distribution companies. More information can be found at www.bnymellon.com.
BNY Mellon is a global investments company dedicated to helping its clients manage and service their financial assets throughout the investment lifecycle. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, BNY Mellon delivers informed investment management and investment services in 35 countries and more than 100 markets. As of September. 30, 2014, BNY Mellon had $28.3 trillion in assets under custody and/or administration, and $1.6 trillion in assets under management. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments. BNY Mellon is the corporate brand of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (NYSE: BK). Additional information is available on www.bnymellon.com, or follow us on Twitter @BNYMellon.
All information source BNY Mellon as of September 30, 2014. This press release is qualified for issuance in the US only and is for information purposes only. This press release is issued by BNY Mellon Investment Management to members of the financial press and media and the information contained herein should not be construed as investment advice.     
The Fund is not registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, in reliance on an exception thereunder.  The Fund does not intend to register the interests under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the securities laws of any state and intends to be offered and sold in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of the '33 Act and state laws.  Unregistered funds are generally not subject to the same regulatory oversight and/or regulatory requirements as mutual funds.  Unregistered funds may not be required to provide periodic pricing or valuation information to investors.  Investments may involve complex tax structures and delays in distributing important tax information.  Fund interests are subject to restrictions on transferability and resale, and there will be no public market for the Fund interests.
An investment in the Fund is speculative and involves a high degree of risk, and there can be no assurance that a fund's investment objectives will be realized.  Investment value will fluctuate, and an investor could lose all or a substantial portion of his or her investment.  An investment in the Fund may be highly illiquid.  The Fund may leverage its investments which may substantially increase the risk of loss.  Because the Fund concentrates its assets in the real estate industry, an investment is closely linked to the performance of the real estate markets.  Investing in real estate entails particular risks and uncertainties which include: significant fluctuations and cycles in value; the fair value of the Fund's investments may be not readily determinable; the activity of identifying, completing and realizing attractive real estate investments is highly competitive and involves a high degree of uncertainty; and the significant effect changing interest rates can have on valuation and overall costs to the Fund.  These and other risks are described in more detail in the Fund's Confidential Private Placement Memorandum.  Past performance is not a guide to or indicative of future results.
This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy which may be made only at the time a prospective investor receives a Confidential Private Placement Memorandum describing the offering and related subscription agreement. Prospective investors should read the Fund's Confidential Private Placement Memorandum and consider the Fund's objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. Fund interests will only be sold to qualified purchasers.
Media Contact: Mike Dunn +1 212 922 7859 mike.g.dunn@bnymellon.com  
Firm Contact: Scott Maguire+1 610 818 4612 smaguire@centersquare.com 
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/centersquare-investment-management-announces-100-million-first-closing-of-centersquare-value-added-fund-iii-lp-300016347.html
SOURCE  BNY Mellon 


Investment Management
PRESS RELEASES














Contact Us




Want to get in touch to find out more about BNY Mellon?

Contact Us


Want to share with friends in your network? 











 










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft





































































15th Annual US Real Estate Opportunity and Private Fund Investing Forum -> Agenda

















IMN HOME
DIVISION HOME









15th Annual

                     US Real Estate Opportunity and Private Fund Investing Forum
                


                                            June 12-13, 2014
                       
                







Agenda



Thursday, June 12th, 2014
Friday, June 13th, 2014
My Agenda
 


To view your agenda you must be signed in





8:40 AM  Registration… Breakfast Courtesy of 













8:40 AM  Opening Remarks by IMN & Conference Chair: 






Bruce Stachenfeld
 
Managing Partner
Duval & Stachenfeld
 










8:40 AM  Economist Keynote: In Light of the Changes in the Market are Inflation Expectations too High? 






Peter Linneman
 
Principal
Linneman Associates
 










9:05 AM  State of the Fund & Real Estate Industry 


                            • Impact of SEC filings & other new regulations • Fund-of-funds, consultants and LPs • The GSE’s: Anything new? • What is the downside? • Pending debt maturities • Do you expect a round of consolidation? • Working with small funds • E-commerce impact • The rise of the secondary market • International $$ coming into the US • Impact of rising cap rates • Are you expanding into debt? • International investments • Return expectations
                            







Robert Ivanhoe
 
Chairman, Global Real Estate Practice
Greenberg Traurig, LLP
 





Adam Brooks
 
MD, Real Estate Investments
AllianceBernstein
 





Randy Zisler
 
Chief Investment Officer
Encore Enterprises
 





Leslie Wohlman Himmel
 
Partner
Himmel + Meringoff Properties
 





Robert Dombi
 
Partner
Landmark Partners
 





Leonard Klehr
 
Vice Chairman
Lubert-Adler Partners, LP
 





Joseph Sitt
 
President
Thor Equities, LLC
 










10:05 AM  Refreshments Courtesy of 













8:40 AM  The Large Fund Panel… What are the Risks that you are Taking in this so Called Growth Environment? 


                            • The slope of the yield curve and what it means for CRE • Which sectors are over-heated? • Global vs. secondary cities? • Are there enough deals for all the capital available? • Construction • New asset types you are considering • How are you playing the rolling recovery… What are you rolling into? Rolling out of? • Buying from the government • Residential… Is there still value? • Taking advantage of the US energy sector
                            







Marc Davidson
 
Managing Director and Portfolio Manager
AEW Capital Management, L.P.
 





Reid Liffmann
 
Managing Director
Angelo, Gordon & Co.
 





Tom Shapiro
 
President & CIO
GTIS Partners
 





Todd Bassen
 
Director-Acquisitions
Invesco
 





Justin Guichard
 
Managing Director
Oaktree Capital Management
 





Matt Gross
 
Principal
Walton Street Capital, LLC
 










8:40 AM  Where Should you be… Reassessing Core vs. Value-Added vs. Opportunistic Investing for 2015 


                            • The changing picture of risk/return for different styles • Comparing leverage levels • Looking at oxymorons… core development, core secondary markets • Current risk/return objectives • Future performance predictions • Definining core +
                            







David Kessler
 
Partner, National Director-Commercial Real Estate
CohnReznick LLP
 





Michael Happel
 
Managing Director
American Realty Capital
 





Josh Cleveland
 
Partner
StepStone Group LP
 





Paul Vosper
 
COO and Co-Head-Real Estate
Morgan Stanley Alternative Investment Partners
 





Robert Gray
 
Managing Partner
TerraCap Management
 





Bahram Motamedian
 
Managing Director
USAA Real Estate Company
 










8:40 AM  Luncheon Courtesy of 












Please Choose "A, B or C"









8:40 AM  Fundraising… Are the Headwinds Easing a Bit? 


                            • Fundraising for non-commingled funds… Has it continued to rise? • Syndication vs. fundraising • Being successful with a dual fundraise • Success of funds expanding their strategy from their last mandate • How long can you expect to be in fundraising mode? • First time fundraising environment • Sector specific vs. more general funds • Think different… How important is it in an investment strategy?
                            







Michael Glazer
 
Partner
Goodwin Procter LLP
 





Michael Happel
 
Managing Director
American Realty Capital
 





Rayenne Chen
 
Principal, Director of Investor Relations
Exeter Property Group
 





Frank Wuest
 
Division President
Forest City Enterprises
 





Ronald Dickerman
 
President & Founder
Madison International Realty
 





Alan Pardee
 
Managing Partner
Mercury Capital Advisors
 










8:40 AM  Fund-Fund Joint Ventures 


                            • Tax-efficient structuring • Choosing the form of entity • Joint ventures with non-US partners • Control issues, dispute resolution and the decision making process • Capital contributions if additional capital is needed • Exiting fund investments
                            







Dennis Russo
 
Chair of New York Real Estate
BakerHostetler
 





Gregg Bloomberg
 
Partner
CohnReznick LLP
 





Michael Gallerstein
 
Principal
Equity Resource Investments
 





Jason Maxwell
 
General Counsel
Hines Advisors Limited Partnership
 





Charles Harrison
 
President
REIT Funding, LLC
 





John Balboni
 
Partner
Sullivan & Worcester LLP
 










8:40 AM  Industry Consolidation & Take Private Deals: What is Happening that is Not in the Headlines? 


                            • What is triggering the consolidation? • Cost of expanding internally vs. externally vs. other options • Multiple parties buying one • Looking at international partners • Are large sponsors looking to reduce their number of advisors? • Unintended consequences to be aware of • Sale to REITs • Acquiring a joint venture partner’s interest
                            







Joseph Smith
 
Partner
Schulte Roth & Zabel LLP
 





Caroline McBride
 
Co-Founder and Chief Investment Officer
Forum Partners Investment Management LLC
 





Tyler Morse
 
Chief Executive Officer
MCR Development LLC
 





Doug Lee
 
Managing Director and Head of Capital Market
ExcelCore
 





Bob Sonnenblick
 
Principal
Sonnenblick Development, LLC
 










8:40 AM  Acquisition Due Diligence for Individual Properties and Portfolios 


                            • Do you perform a worse-case analysis? • Figuring out what you don’t know and what’s not there • Due diligence on partnerships • The best deal you walked away from • Due diligence on 100s of loans quickly • Pricing • Government portfolios • Loans vs. property
                            







Jordan Metzger
 
Member
Cole Schotz, PC
 





Andrew Borsanyi
 
Principal
The Concord Group, LLC
 





Todd Eisner
 
Real Estate Partner
Duval & Stachenfeld
 





Neal Johnson
 
Managing Partner
Isles Ranch Partners
 





Jeffrey Alpaugh
 
Managing Director, Global Real Estate & Hospitality Practice Leader
Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc.
 





Christopher Schlank
 
Managing Partner & Co-Founder
Savanna
 





Jason Baker
 
Acquisitions Director - Eastern Region
STRS Ohio
 









 The Financing/Debt Discussions at IMN’s Opportunity Fund Forum


                            See the latest private fund real estate financing strategies at The Financing/Debt Symposium at IMNs Opportunity Fund Forum will be. The next 7 sessions, all related to investing in fixed income or underwriting real estate debt will be taking place in track “B”. If you are a debt provider, broker, fund or investor & want to meet the top funds and hear how they are financing or providing debt this is a must attend plenary
                            










8:40 AM  Bridge Loans & Other High Yield Lending on Transitional Properties, Deals with a Value-Added
Component, Secondary & Tertiary Markets 


                            • Are you seeing competition from banks on any of your high-yield products? • Are funds entering this space dropping rates? Where have they dropped too much for your comfort? • Where and what food groups are your sweet spots? • Is there any high yiel
                            







Tom O'Connor
 
Partner and Chair of Real Estate Finance Group
Duval & Stachenfeld
 





Roger Cozzi
 
CIO - Commercial Real Estate Lending
AllianceBernstein
 





Dan Hartman
 
Principal
Ares Management, LLC
 





Jerry Dunn
 
Chief Executive Officer and Principal
A10 Capital
 





Patrick Walsh
 
SVP, Commercial and Industrial Lending
Bofi Federal Bank
 





Brett Forman
 
President
Forman Capital, LLC
 





Sujan Patel
 
Co-Head of US Investment Management
Colony NorthStar
 










8:40 AM  Hotels: Where will you be investing in 2015? 


                            • How much of your fund invests in hotels? Do you see this level increasing? • Fundraising outlook for hotels • Performance of hotel investments • Where do you see the greatest opportunities for hotel investment? Domestic vs. international plays • Product type… Are you looking towards high end vs. mid-market? • Opportunities in funds financing and recapitalizing hotels
                            







Deborah Friedland
 
Director - Hospitality Services
EisnerAmper LLP
 





Ali Elam
 
Managing Director
Fortress Investment Group
 





Austin Khan
 
Chief Investment Officer
Ethika Investments, LLC
 





Clark Hanrattie
 
Principal & Chief Financial Officer
HEI Hotels & Resorts
 





Jeffrey Dauray
 
Senior Vice President-Acquisitions
RLJ Lodging Trust
 





Christopher Diffley
 
Managing Director
RockBridge Capital, LLC
 










8:40 AM  Gaining Access to Foreign Capital: Including EB-5-Related Fundraising 


                            • How are you reaching foreign investors? • Are AIFMD compliance important? • EB-5 Financing • FIRPTA considerations • Catching the big fish… How to approach a Sovereign • Shariah compliant structures • The joint venture structure • Accessing Latin capital… Can it work outside of South Florida? • EB-5… What qualifies? • Role of EB-5 “finders”
                            







Ali Jahangiri
 
President
EB5Investors.com
 





George Ekins
 
Principal
American Dream Fund, LLC
 





David Hirson
 
Partner
Fragomen, Del Rey, Bernsen, and Loewy LLP
 





Ishan Singh
 
Managing Director
REV-Re Capital Ventures
 










8:40 AM  New Mezz Loan Origination/Borrowing 


                            • How do you look at construction vs. acquisition vs. recapitalization • What won’t you finance? • Distinguishing yourself in an increasingly competitive market • 2014… Working with senior lenders • Are you selling any of your loans? Why?
                            







Mark Fawer
 
Partner
Arent Fox LLP
 





Christopher Reilly
 
Head of Debt Origination
Brookfield Real Estate Financial Partners, LLC
 





James Henderson
 
Managing Director-Alternative Investments Group
Cornerstone Real Estate Advisers LLC
 





David Broderick
 
Partner
Latham & Watkins
 





Richard Mandel
 
President
Ramsfield Hospitality Finance
 





Seth Singerman
 
President
Singerman Real Estate, LLC
 










8:40 AM  Joint Ventures… Today’s Deals 


                            • LP vs. Partner interests • Construction partnerships • Waterfalls and current terms • Did the downturn expose a laxness in due diligence and documentation? • Is operational due diligence becoming a more prominent feature at the front end of partnership negotiations? • What are you doing to monitor your partner? • Have you implemented an anti-corruption program? • Non-U.S. partnerships • Evaluating a manager’s performance • What kind of cost leakages have you seen from partners? How can you prevent them?
                            







Terri Adler
 
Chair of the Real Estate Practice Group
Duval & Stachenfeld
 





Allen Ashley
 
Partner
DLA Piper
 





Jason Pantzer
 
Co-President
Pantzer Properties, Inc.
 





Jon Haahr
 
Senior Managing Principal
Silver Portal Capital
 





Jordan Socaransky
 
Principal
Westport Capital Partners, LLC
 










4:05 AM  FIFA World Cup Afternoon Refreshment Break, Courtesy of: 


Join us in the exhibit hall for caipirinhas and soccer as hosts Brazil tackle Croatia live from Sao Paolo in the tournaments opening match















8:40 AM  Fund Structuring 


                            • Current waterfalls (pooled) and fees for GPs • Fund JVs using separate accounts (opt-in clubs/ROFOs) • Flexibility in exit strategies • Side letter terms • Fund and investment period duration • GP exclusivity • GP co-invest requirement • Tax blocker structure flexibility (UBTI, ECI, REITs) • Reinvestment of proceeds •Distribution verification by accountants • Other new advisory committee demands
                            







Sandy Presant
 
Chair, Real Estate Fund Practice Group
Greenberg Traurig, LLP
 





Josh Carper
 
Executive Director, Finance
Greystar Real Estate Partners
 





Chris  Flick
 
SVP Portfolio Management
PIMCO
 





Peter Fish
 
Managing Director
Raymond James
 





Devon Archer
 
General Partner
Rosemont Realty
 





Steven Jasa
 
Vice President, Investment Management
Western National Properties
 










8:40 AM  Pending Debt Maturities… What is your Strategy for Loans Coming Due from the Class of 2005-6? 


                            A tsunami of maturities is now upon us, with about $1.7 trillion in loans coming due during the next 3 years. Many believe banks are not likely to extend more and borrowers will need alternative sources to refinance or recapitalize before rising interest rates get out of control. How can you take advantage of this once in a lifetime opportunity?
                            







Marshall Brozost
 
Partner
Schulte Roth & Zabel LLP
 





Tim Johnson
 
Managing Director
The Blackstone Group
 





Gil Tenzer
 
Partner & Director of Real Estate
Contrarian Capital Management, LLC
 





William Landis
 
Founder
Raith Capital Partners
 





Michael Maturo
 
President
RXR Realty
 





Bruce Batkin
 
President & Chief Executive Officer
Terra Capital Partners, LLC
 









The LP Plenary at IMN's Opportunity Fund Forum


                            High-Net-Worth, Private Banks, Family Officers, Fund-of-Funds, Pension Funds, Endowments & Foundations don’t miss the sessions dedicated to the LP by the LP. At the LP Plenary you will be presented with the key issues when evaluating and investing in real estate private funds. The LP Plenary at IMN’s Opportunity Fund Forum will be a separate track during IMNs Opportunity Fund forum and all opportunity fund attendees are eligible to attend. If you are an LP or want to hear they have to say this is a must attend plenary. The LP Plenary will be taking place for the next 5 sessions on track “C”
                            










8:40 AM  LP/GP Relations… The Alignment, The Fee, The Promote and the Incentive 


                            • Aligning Interests • Managing conflicts of interest • What are fair margins? • Fees for core vs. value-added • Largest issue, postfund formation • Follow-on funds •Management fees • Addressing conflicts of interest that do/should come up • Pre-2007, terms negotiating power was disproportionately in the managers’ favor, that shifted in 2009, where is it today? • What levers do we rely on to drive terms? Trade management fee for promote, promote for catch-up? • Where does transparency need to improve?
                            







Claiborne Johnston
 
Managing Director
Invesco Real Estate
 





Jahn Brodwin
 
Senior Managing Director
FTI Consulting
 





Jeff Kanne
 
President & CEO
National Real Estate Advisors, LLC
 





Adam Lesnick
 
Counsel
Seward & Kissel LLP
 





Bernie Werner
 
Managing Director
Transcendent Investment Management
 





Brooks Blake
 
Partner, Investments
Verdis Investment Management
 










8:40 AM  Foreign Fund Structures for LPs & GPs 


                            • Structural issues around FIRPTA • Structuring EB-5 into a fund • Sovereign wealth fund preferences • What you need to know about China • Joint venture partnerships • Latin American complexities • Parallel funds
                            







Stephen Land
 
Partner
Duval & Stachenfeld
 





Bryan York Colwell
 
Co-Founder/Managing Partner
LCN Capital Partners
 





Gregory Fournier
 
Managing Principal
Greenbrook Partners
 





David Warburg
 
Partner
Seyfarth Shaw LLP
 





Michael Schwartz
 
Director
WeiserMazars LLP
 










8:40 AM  Financing Small Deals 


                            • Are the small banks getting more aggressive? • Using SBA programs • Non bank and hard $$ lender terms • Using brokers • Exploring financings new frontiers: EB-5 Financing, crowdfunding, ifunding and the road ahead
                            







Andy Stewart
 
Managing Partner
Argosy Real Estate Partners
 





David Manshoory
 
Founder & CEO
AssetAvenue, Inc.
 





TR Hazelrigg IV
 
President
Avatar Financial Group
 





Darren Powderly
 
Co-Founder
CrowdStreet, Inc.
 





Jilliene Helman
 
Chief Executive Officer
RealtyMogul.com
 





Georgia Quinn
 
Associate
Seyfarth Shaw LLP
 










8:40 AM  Evaluating the Role of the Consultant 


                            • The LP perspective • Consultant or money manager? • How investment consultants can be a useful tool to GPs • How are you used by different investors? Large vs. small • Do you function as the LP CIO? • How do you evaluate a new fund? A debt fund? • Who do you recommend do separate accounts and club deals?
                            







Robert Insolia
 
Managing Partner
Goodwin Procter LLP
 





Poorvi Parekh
 
President and Chief Executive Officer
Canterbury Consulting
 





Joseph Wilhelm
 
Trustee
Hampshire County (MA) Retirement System
 





Stuart Elizabeth Baldwin
 
Principal
Hodes Weill & Associates
 





Leslie Greis
 
Managing Member
Perennial Capital Advisors, LLC
 










6:05 AM  Networking Reception Courtesy of 


IMN will be offering delegates a pair of free Maui Jim sunglasses during the Networking Reception.















7:05 AM  Day One Concludes 











8:40 AM  Breakfast for All Closed-Door Attendees Courtesy of 













8:40 AM  Closed Door, Vegas-Rules Discussion for New Funds 


                            With the casualty rate for new funds being so high IMN has organized a discussion focusing on both successful practices for putting together a new fund in 2014 as well as things that just didn’t work out the way you thought it would. This will be a fund only discussion where the agenda will come from you. Since space is limited please email gdzurenda@imn.org for confirmation.
                            







Steve Felix
 
Partner
Felix / Weiner Consulting Group
 





Steve Felix
 
Partner
Felix / Weiner Consulting Group
 










8:00 AM  Breakfast for all attendees Courtesy of: 












Please Choose "A, B or C"









8:40 AM  5 Markets, 45 Minutes: Evaluating the Major Markets 


                            Each speaker will address one single market, it’s critical factors and dynamics including pricing, cap rates, competition, investability and what inning the market is in.
                            







Stephen Rabinowitz
 
Chair, New York Real Estate
Greenberg Traurig, LLP
 





David Lynn
 
CEO
Everest Medical Properties
 





Michael Cohen
 
Director of Advisory Services
PPR, a CoStar company
 





Richard Kaufman
 
Founder and President
City-Core Development, Inc.
 





Chris Fraley
 
President
Evolve
 










8:40 AM  Buying NPLs & Sub-Performing Loans From Within the Capital Stack and from Banks and Servicers vs. The Rest of the Market: Where is there Value/Inventory Left? 


                            • Current pricing… Is the discount gone? • What types of assets are you finding? In what kind of locations? • Finding loans and REO • Are you examining the single family home market? • What kind of information are you getting from the banks? Is it enough? • Buying equity vs. debt • Stretch senior vs. senior mezz • Equity funds buying debt… What do your LPs say? • Securitized vs. whole loan debt • Impact of property type • June 12, 2014… What is your buy of the day?
                            







Michelle Kelban
 
Partner
Latham & Watkins
 





Ruprecht Hellauer
 
Managing Director
Albulus Advisors Germany GmbH
 





Tom Lockard
 
Vice President - Real Estate Investment & Institutional Sales
Fundrise
 





Yon Cho
 
Partner
Pacific Coast Capital Partners, LLC
 










8:40 AM  LP Asset & Real Estate Allocation 


                            • What are your current allocations? • Rebalancing 2015… Given the run-up in the equity and real estate markets are you looking to de-risk your portfolio? • Do you see core as a fixed-income substitute? • What is behind the black box of asset allocation models • Liability considerations
                            







Jonathan Glick
 
Managing Director
Incubation Capital Partners LLC
 





Paige Mueller
 
Director of Institutional Real Estate Advisory Services
RCLCO
 





Rodney Lumpkin
 
Portfolio Manager - Alternative Investments
SEI Investments
 





Greg Spick
 
Senior Portfolio Manager - Real Estate / Real Assets
UPS Investments
 










8:40 AM  Small Fund Survival Guide 


In an environment where many LPs are trying to consolidate their fund managers and brand names are in vogue many smaller managers need to work 10x as hard to succeed. This panel will discuss real-life examples of how small funds are raising money, getting high marks from investors, getting the word out, being transparent and getting superior returns• What is in your backyard… Is that the best way to invest? • Fundraising tips • Beyond friends and family • Can a generalist small manager succeed? • Joint ventures with institutional players • Playing up advantages i.e. personal attention, lower fees, nimble putting capital to work, and small amount of capital needed to get going
                            







Kenneth Weissenberg
 
Partner
EisnerAmper LLP
 





Tore Steen
 
CEO, Co-Founder
CrowdStreet, Inc.
 





Jason Isaacson
 
Founding Partner and President
IP Capital Partners, LLC
 





Bradford Lenox
 
Partner
Morris, Manning & Martin, LLP
 





William Procida
 
President
Procida Funding & Advisors, LLC
 





Nick Bienstock
 
Managing Partner
Savanna
 










8:40 AM  Senior Lending/Borrowing, Term Debt & Securitization 


                            • Impact of bank regulatory issues • Current debt yields • Funds as originators • Evaluating pricing risk • Gap capital • Impact of CDO return • What in the debt markets are keeping you up at night? • Time to go fixed? • CMBS market rates
                            







James Hisiger
 
Partner
Latham & Watkins
 





Nicki Livanos
 
Director, Real Estate Investments
AXA Equitable
 





Michael Eglit
 
Principal
Blackstone
 





David Douvadjian
 
Executive Vice President
Colliers International
 





Dean Dulchinos
 
Portfolio Manager – Debt Strategies
Cornerstone Real Estate Advisers LLC
 





Jeff Thompson
 
Managing Director, Institutional Accounts
GE Capital Real Estate
 










8:40 AM  LP/GP Panel on First Time, New and Emerging Managers 


                            • Defining the term “emerging manager” • What are you looking for from the new fund managed by the “#2” man? • How do you meet new managers? • Why do LPs have emerging manager programs? How have they performed? • Becoming a “graduated manager • How much of a percent of the fund would you invest in?
                            







Leo Leyva
 
Co-Chair of Litigation Dept. & Real Estate Special Op. Group
Cole Schotz, PC
 





Aaron Mesmer
 
Principal-Acquisitions
Block Real Estate Services, LLC
 





Danita Johnson
 
Vice President-Global Private Equity Real Estate
Franklin Templeton Investments
 





Maria Stamolis
 
Co-Head of Real Estate Investments
Canyon Partners Real Estate
 





Stephen Davidson
 
Vice President
Morgan Stanley Alternative Investment Partners
 





Jim Dillavou
 
Counsel/Principal
Paragon Commercial Group
 










8:40 AM  Housing Relative Value, Investments & Finance… 


                            • Impact of increasing interest rates • Is there still value in major markets or is it time for secondary market plays? • Class “A” or “B”… Where should you be? • What type of value-added situations are you currently looking at? • Fannie, Freddie and other government products you’ve been using • Valuations 2014 • Strategies to turn around under-performing properties • Can you make $$ on condos outside of New York and South Florida? • Land & lots… Has that ship already sailed? • Single family investments… Is there $$ that can still be made? • Multifamily… are we reaching the bubble stage anywhere? Are the condo players making it impossible to compete unless you want to make a 4 cap? • Homebuilding: A good play for today? • Will land prices continue to rise? • Master planned communities: Who is financing? • Infill locations • Residential joint ventures and their structures • Has the pickup in condos and the new single family rental market impacted rents?
                            







Ron Lagnado
 
Partner
WeiserMazars LLP
 





John Burns
 
CEO
John Burns Real Estate Consulting
 





Jeff Meyers
 
President
Meyers Research LLC
 





Preston Thomson
 
Director of Investor Relations
Nelson Brothers Professional Real Estate
 





Matthew Pestronk
 
President and Co-Founder
Post Brothers
 





Oliver Swan
 
Managing Partner
Treesdale Real Estate Partners
 










8:40 AM  Subscription & Short-Term Fund Financing 


                            • What are the current terms of subscription lines? • What other products are you offering? Repo lines? • How has fund evaluation changed? • Do you offer bridge loans? • Documentation trends • Handling a defaulted or non-performing customer • Impact of fund terms on asset class and strategy… Where are the biggest differences among lenders? • Issues for alternative structures
                            







Timothy Powers
 
Partner
Haynes and Boone, LLP
 





Matthew Alshouse
 
Partner
Baker & McKenzie, LLP
 





Tom Nowak
 
Managing Director
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
 





Jonathan Peiper
 
Director
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
 





Terence Hatton
 
Managing Director, Fund Finance
MUFG Union Bank
 





Dee Dee Sklar
 
Managing Director
Wells Fargo
 










8:40 AM  LP Manager Selection & Fund Due Diligence 


                            • Evaluating a new team from an old fund • How has the financial crisis and resulting performance struggles for real estate managers impacted track record analysis? • “Past returns are not indicative of future results,” how do we evaluate a manager’s prospective ability to be successful? • When would you invest with a manager with a mixed track record? How do we justify that investment internally • How useful are “on-list” reference checks? To what extent do we rely on “off-list” references • Track record attribution • How important is fund level vs. asset/deal level • Mortgage funds vs. hard assets-key differences
                            







Tommy Brown
 
Partner
LGT Capital Partners
 





Peter Madden
 
Director Americas Real Estate
APG Asset Management
 





Alisa Mall
 
Director of Investments
Carnegie Corporation of New York
 





Roland du Luart
 
Managing Partner - Head of US
LFPI
 





Sean Ruhmann
 
Partner-Director of Real Assets Research
NEPC, LLC
 





Amy Hirsch
 
Chief Executive Officer
Paradigm Consulting Services
 





Robert Greene
 
Vice Chairman
Virginia Retirement System (VRS)
 










8:40 AM  Refreshments Courtesy of 













8:40 AM  New/Small Fund Launches… What Managers Need to Know 


90% of new fundraises will not be successful. This session will help make sure you are in the 10% that are successful.• What to do before launching your first fund • Leaving a large fund… Recent success stories • Getting to the second meeting • Incubation funds • Effectively using placement agents and investment consultants • What should be in your “elevator pitch?” • How are you differentiating yourself? • Identifying your area of expertise • Dual fundraises • Exceeding target fundraises… What do these funds have in common? • SEC lift on general advertising… What have you been doing to get the word out? Implications on fund marketing materials • Using crowdfunding
                            







Randy Zisler
 
Chief Investment Officer
Encore Enterprises
 





Nevin Sanli
 
Founder & Managing Director
Astrum Investment Management
 





Paul Odland
 
Partner
Belveron Real Estate Partners
 





Jody Kriss
 
Principal
East River Partners
 





Jilliene Helman
 
Chief Executive Officer
RealtyMogul.com
 










8:40 AM  Construction & Development: What Issues Should you Concern yourself with During this Cycle? 


                            • Construction costs are rising… How are you dealing? • Joint ventures • As construction is picking up are you hiring in-house or outsourcing your expertise? • Mo’ construction; Mo’ problems… Managing multiple projects
                            







Deborah Levinson
 
Partner
CohnReznick LLP
 





Dave Pollin
 
Co-Founder
The Buccini/Pollin Group
 





Nicholas M. W. Hoffman
 
Partner
Haynes and Boone, LLP
 





Seth Schumer
 
Director, US Investments
Quadrum Group
 





Gregory Nero
 
Executive Vice President, General Counsel
Sterling Equities
 










8:40 AM  Secondary & Tertiary Markets 


                            • How deeply are you planning on going into secondary markets? • Are you starting to run into many of your competitors there? • How are you dealing with the lack of liquidity and the fact that if there are troubles the secondary markets are the first to lose value? • Asset classes you are looking at • Secondary markets outside of gateway cities… Is there a spillover? • What are you doing to protect yourself if secondary markets go down like the last cycle?
                            







Michael Cohen
 
Director of Advisory Services
PPR, a CoStar company
 





Jason Eisenberg
 
Principal
Apollo Global Management, LLC
 





Raphael Sidelsky
 
Senior Managing Director-Principal Investments
C-III Capital Partners
 





Paul Sisson
 
Managing Director, Head of Americas
CBRE Global Investors
 





Farid Guindo
 
Managing Partner
Drill Capital LLC
 










8:40 AM  Comparing the Allocator vs. Operator Model 


                            • Are investors ok with the double promote structure? • The local developer starting his own fund: How are LPs reacting? • Performance and historic returns • Evaluation beyond returns • Comparing fund structures • Capital fundraising for both models • Being both an operator and allocator
                            







Ronald Kaplan
 
Partner, Commercial Real Estate-Northeast Leader
CohnReznick LLP
 





Robert Morse
 
Chairman
Bridge Investment Group Partners
 





P.J. Yeatman
 
Head of Private Real Estate
CenterSquare Investment Management
 





Chris Niehaus
 
Partner
GreenOak Real Estate Advisors
 





Gary Block
 
Managing Director
The Meridian Group
 





Sujan Patel
 
Co-Head of US Investment Management
Colony NorthStar
 










8:40 AM  Exit Strategies and Liquidity Options: Where can you get the Most Bang for your Buck for your Current & Expiring Fund 


                            • Exit volume… Where is it going? • Fund strategy and exit issues • Positioning your property • Do you figure out the exit strategy upon acquisition? • Exit strategy planning up front • Exit cap rate assumption • Secondaries market… What is changing? • End of life options beyond predatory buyers • Exiting companies vs. properties • June 12, 2014… What is the best exit strategy today?
                            







Pike Aloian
 
Partner
Almanac Realty Investors, LLC
 





J. Stuart Mackintosh
 
Managing Director
EII Capital Management
 





Marty Caverly
 
Chief Investment Officer
Resource Real Estate
 





Paul Mehlman
 
Partner
Landmark Partners
 





Elliot Pessis
 
Vice President
Harrison Street | Real Estate Capital
 










8:40 AM  Joint Ventures… The Operating Partner Panel 


This plenary, from the operator view point, will discuss their view on joint ventures with funds. Discussions will include• Did you look for a partner or did your partner look for you? • Fees, carry, preferred structures • What is needed to be a “best in class” operating partner? • How do you present your track record? • 2015… Are you considering your own fund?
                            







David Eyzenberg
 
Principal – Debt, Joint Venture & Structured Capital
Avison Young
 





Joel Breitkopf
 
Partner
Alchemy Properties, Inc.
 





Pete Kutzer
 
Managing Partner
Edgewood Realty Partners, LLC
 





Kent Swig
 
President
Swig Equities
 





Chad Buchanan
 
Chief Investment Officer
Tryko Partners
 










8:40 AM  First-Time Funds… The Administration Side 


                            • Regulatory compliance • Calculating NAV • Evaluating new opportunities from the operational side • How much do you need in the piggy bank? Start-up costs • Corporate structure options • The launch • Investor communications and reporting: What is mandate; what your clients expect • Accounting tax and bookkeeping stuff • Regulatory filing • Co-investment and joint venture administration
                            







Howard Fields
 
Senior Vice President
Inland Institutional Capital Partners
 





Greg Myers
 
Managing Director
Cortland Capital Mark. Services
 





Daryl Shevin
 
Chief Financial Officer
13th Floor Investments
 





Barry Johnson
 
Managing Director, Global Head of Real Estate Operating Platform, Real Estate Fund Services
State Street
 





Desmond McGowan
 
Chief Financial Officer
True North Management Group, LLC
 










8:40 AM  Networking Luncheon with the Exhibitors 


Luncheon Roundtables:You will again be able to register for one of the roundtables is the series of luncheon roundtables at registration. Some of the scheduled roundtable will be New Funds, Multifamily, Young Professionals, Women in Real Estate, Small Funds, and General Counsel/CFO/COO.
                            









General Session









8:40 AM  Entering New Markets...Best Practices and Lessons Learned 


                            • How do you determine new markets? What are the reasons to move into new markets? • Defining the playing field and the players before entering a new market • Undertaking due diligence on new markets • Identify market entry point and market entry strategy  • When is it time to cut your losses in a new market?
                            







Linda Law
 
Principal
Law & Associates/Land Veritas
 





Michael Bernstein
 
Principal
Artemis Real Estate Partners
 





Eli Braha
 
Managing Member & CEO
Berkley Aquisitions LLC
 





Sondra Wenger
 
Managing Director
CIM Group
 





Terrell Gates
 
Chief Executive Officer
Virtus Real Estate Capital
 










8:40 AM  Where Will Cap Rates be in 3 Years? 5 Years? How is this Impacting your Underwriting? Investing in a Rising Rate Environment 


                            • Are you building more inflation protection into your agreements? • What asset classes do you expect to over-perform in a rising rate environment? • Markets…Gateway vs. primary vs. secondary • Are you making any tactical portfolio or asset-level changes to existing, inflation-sensitive investments? • Benefits of hedging • What are you going long on? Short on? • What is the most interest sensitive sector? • Are you locking into fixed rate debt? • Are you increasingly investing in cash flow focused properties? How will the Fed potentially exit quantitative easing and what are the risks? • Impact on investment style mandate tactical decisions (Core, value-add and opportunistic) • What future interest rate modeling scenarios are you using? What is your exit cap rate assumption relative to your going in cap rate? • Are there markets or product types where you expect NOI growth to offset or exceed the decline in residual value from higher cap rates? • Will the CRE buyer pool change when rates rise?
                            







Amachie Ackah
 
Founder
Clay Cove Capital
 





Tim Wang
 
Director & Head of Investment Research
Clarion Partners
 





Larry Raiman
 
CEO
LDR Capital Management
 





Russell Appel
 
President
Praedium Group, LLC
 





Jay Henry
 
Managing Member
TriGate Capital, LLC
 










4:05 AM  Wine & Cheese Reception 









5:00 PM  The 15th Annual Forum on Real Estate Opportunity & Private Fund Investing Concludes 












My Agenda

                Try out our new My Agenda feature. Save sessions of interest, print for onsite use and insert to calendar for auto reminders.
            




 
 



        NETWORK OPEN
    
 




Sign In
Email
Password
Remember me


   








Contact Information
INFORMATION MANAGEMENT NETWORK
1120 Avenue of the Americas, 6th Floor
                New York, NY 10036 USA

            Phone: +1 (212) 901-0506
(8:30 AM - 5:30 PM Eastern Time / Monday-Friday)

            E-mail:	mail@imn.org


Event Specific Contacts for 15th Annual US Real Estate Opportunity and Private Fund Investing Forum
                    



COOKIESThis page explains what cookies are, how we use them on the websites of the Euromoney Institutional Investor PLC group and your options for controlling them. Please note:Not all the cookies listed here will necessarily be used on each websiteWe will display our triangular red cookie prompt once when you visit each of our sites. If you send us a request as explained in the table below, this will apply to your use of all our sites so you only need to make one request.What are cookies?Cookies are pieces of information which include a unique reference code that a website transfers to your device to store and sometimes track information about you.  A number of cookies we use last only for the duration of your web session (“session cookies”) and expire when you close your browser. Other cookies are used, for example, to remember you when you return to the site and will last for longer (“persistent cookies”).  Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. They are uniquely assigned to your device and are sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit (if they last longer than a web session) or to another website that recognises that cookie.Some of the cookies used by our sites are set by us, and some are set by third parties who are delivering services (such as interest based advertising and web analytics) on our behalf.What do we use cookies for?Some cookies are essential to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website or areas with paid-for content. Without these cookies, services you have asked for, like shopping baskets, cannot be provided. Because such cookies are essential for using a site, these cookies cannot be turned off without severely affecting your use of the website.Other cookies perform various functions, as the table below explains, together with your options for controlling them.  Some cookies may also be controlled by using your web browser settings. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but, if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that or to notify you each time a cookie is set.You can also learn more about cookies in general by visiting www.allaboutcookies.org which includes additional useful information on cookies and how to block cookies using different types of browser.For more general information about online behavioural (interest based) advertising and how it uses cookies, you may wish to visit www.youronlinechoices.euOur cookies and your options:Type of cookieExampleWhat it doesYour optionsPerformanceBIGipServereuromoneyfxnews-poolThese cookies allow us to manage the technical performance of the website such as load balancing to ensure that the site is available to all users You may set your browser to reject these cookies but this is likely to affect your use of the siteFunctionalityISDefaultCurrencyThese cookies remember choices you make to improve your experience.  For example, they allow the website to remember selections such as language, currency, region or changes to text size and to remember you on return visits.  They may also be used, for example, to remember the point you have reached in a survey so that you can return to it later.  By choosing an option such as remember me, text size or participating in a survey or similar services that necessitate the use of a cookie, you will be indicating your consent to that cookie.   You may set your browser to reject these cookies but this is likely to affect your use of the siteActivity logging - websitesASP.NET_sessionIdThis cookie is essential to authorise your access to content and services that are not publicly available including paid-for content.  If you are a registered user, trialist or subscriber, when you log on, this places a cookie on your machine. Once you are logged on, we monitor your activity on our websites, for example, which articles you read.  This is for the following purposes: We need to ensure compliance with your user license and adherence to our terms and conditions as part of your trial or subscription.  (Our terms and conditions are published on our websites and can be accessed by a link in the footer of each page)For customer service purposes to provide users with a tailored service and to develop products and services reflecting our users’ needsIf you would prefer us not to use your activity log for customer service purposes, you can request that we anonymise it for these uses. This will affect our ability to understand your requirements and personalise your browsing experience in the future.Please note: If you are just browsing our sites without going through a log-in procedure, you will remain anonymous and we will not log your activity. To request anonymisation please email us at cookies@euromoneyplc.comPlease include the following details:Your user name  that you use to access our website(s) – this will be an email addressYour nameYour company nameThe Euromoney website(s)  you use  Third party cookies:Third partyWhat it doesWhere to go for further information on these cookies including turning them offDoubleClickDoubleClick is a service provided by Google.  Its cookies are used to serve advertising relevant to users’ interests and measure the effectiveness of online marketing campaigns for our sites.    http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ads/Google AnalyticsGoogle Analytics is a web analytics tool that helps us to understand how our users engage with our websites and so allows us to better tailor our websites to our users’ needs.The tool uses a cookie in order to evaluate use of content and compile reports for us on activity on our websites and Apps. https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptoutWebtrendsWebtrends is a web analytics tool that performs similar functions to Google Analytics in helping us to understand how our users engage with our websiteshttp://kb.webtrends.com/support/solutiondetail.aspx?Id=50140000000a79PAAQIf you would like further information or guidance on cookies, please contact us at cookies@euromoneyplc.com




TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE

            Below are the terms and conditions governing your use of EIMN, LLC ("IMN") this website and any products or services connected therewith. By using the website or services connected with the website, you acknowledge and agree to the following:

*Your Obligations. You represent and warrant that you have the capacity to agree to these Terms and you are at least eighteen (18) years of age. To the extent any individual accesses a Site or uses a Service as an employee, partner, director, agent or representative ("Agent") of any legal entity which is a Subscriber, the Agent warrants that he or she has authority to agree to these Terms on behalf of the relevant legal entity.

            You will procure that you and any licensed user under your subscription will: (a) comply with all applicable laws in relation to the site and services, including without limitation, laws relating to the use of Intellectual Property; (b) not use the site or the content outside the scope of permitted use and will not infringe any Intellectual Property or other rights in or relating to the site or the services or of any third party; (c) not copy, reproduce, recompile, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, upload, download, transmit, create derivative works from or otherwise exploit or tamper with the site or any software embodied in any site or service; (d) not prevent or restrict the use of any site or service by other authorized users nor hack into or cause damage to any server or other equipment operated by us; and (e) comply fully with these Terms.

*No IMN Warranties or Representations. IMN makes no warranty, express or implied, concerning any use of this website or any service or product provided in connection with this website. The services and products provided by IMN are provided on an "AS IS" basis. IMN disclaims any implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, including any warranty for the use or the results of the use of the products or services. IMN is not responsible for correcting, maintaining or updating the data and services made available on this website.

            Any material and analysis provided by or through IMN or this website is not a recommendation that must be followed or an offer, or solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any financial product; IMN does not recommend that you enter into a particular transaction or represent that any product or service described on this website is suitable for you or your company. Nor is any information displayed here promoting any particular financial product, service or trading strategy in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation, or trading strategy may be prohibited. As all prudent investors know, some transactions, including but without limitation, those involving high-yield securities, give rise to substantial risk and any investment decision you may make is your own. You should not enter into any transactions unless you have fully understood all such risks and have independently determined that such transactions are appropriate for you. Any discussion of the risks contained herein with respect to any product should not be considered to be a disclosure of all risks or complete discussion of the risks mentioned.

*Restricted Use. As a user of this website, you are not permitted to display, modify, copy, print or otherwise use the information made available to you here only for your own use. You are not permitted to publish, transmit, or otherwise make this information available in any format to any third party without the prior express written consent of IMN. You also are not permitted to change or remove any copyright (©), trademark (®, SM, TM) any other notices displayed with the information. IMN can modify the information at any time and for any reason at its sole discretion. Unless expressly stated otherwise herein, no rights are granted to you regarding the information on this website from IMN or any other source, including third party providers of information for this website, which shall under no circumstances be liable to you in any way.
            

*IMN Monitoring. Your use of the products and services on this Web site may be monitored by IMN in any lawful manner, and that the resulting information may be used by IMN for its internal business purposes or in accordance with the rules of any applicable regulatory or self-regulatory organization.
            

*Website or Internet failure. IMN shall have no liability, contingent or otherwise, to you or to third parties, or any responsibility whatsoever, for the failure of any connection or communication service to provide or maintain your access to this service, or for any interruption or disruption of such access or any erroneous communication between IMN and you. IMN also does not warrant or represent that the website shall be completely secure, specifically including without limitation, that no unauthorized person shall intercept or access information transmitted by you.
            

*Website Access. Access to this website is restricted by password and only authorized IMN registrants may use the website. Any unauthorized access shall be the responsibility of the Registrant and his or her company and IMN shall not be liable for any damages arising out of such unauthorized access. You agree to: (1) Keep your password confidential; (2) prohibit others from using your account; (3) refrain from using other Users’ accounts; (4) refrain from selling, trading, or otherwise transferring your account to another party; and (5) refrain from charging anyone for access to any portion of DirectConnect, or any information arising therefrom. You are also responsible for anything that happens through your account unless you can demonstrate that your account was accessed without your knowledge or fault.
            

*User Communication. To the extent permitted while using DirectConnect, you can use and participate in groups, free to post and delete comment on the website. You are solely responsible for your interactions with other users. IMN may limit the number of connections you may have to other users and may at its sole discretion prohibit you from contacting other users through use of the Services or otherwise limit your use of the Services.
            

            If you violate this Agreement while posting, that content may be removed without further notice or the rights of others posting here. Nothing you post here is confidential or proprietary and you are cautioned that other posters or viewers may use any information posted here. By posting here you agree that IMN is not responsible for the misappropriation or misuse of any information posted on this website.
            

*Privacy. Any submissions, including private personal information, like names, addresses and so on, are voluntary and you waive any and all rights you have to the protection of that information. By submitting ideas, suggestions, documents or other matter ("Submissions"), you agree that: (a) the Submissions are not confidential or proprietary information; (b) IMN has no obligation to keep the submissions confidential; (c) IMN can use or disclose the Submissions for any purpose, in any way, in any media worldwide; (d) if asked, you will irrevocably assign to IMN all rights to your Submissions; and (f) you are not entitled to any compensation of any kind from IMN under any circumstances.
            

*Content by Becoming a User of DirectConnect: As part of obtaining registration access to DirectConnect, unless you opt out, you may receive invitations to network from other conference attendees. We may also send you emails to keep you updated on developments in the site and services. Your registration for and/or subscription to such an email service and your use of the content received through these email services will be subject to these terms. You can unsubscribe to our email service by changing your email preferences on the website.
            

*License. If you comply with all your obligations under this Agreement, IMN grants you a limited, revocable, nonexclusive license and right to access the Services, through a generally available web browser, mobile device or application view information and use the web pages and in accordance with this Agreement for your use only. Any other use of DirectConnect is strictly prohibited. All rights not expressly granted in this Agreement, including, without limitation, title, ownership, intellectual property rights, and all other rights are retained by IMN.
            

*Anti-Hacking. You expressly agree not to use or attempt to use any "virus," "spyware," "malware," "adware," "Trojan horse" "deep-link," "scraper," "bot," "spider," "data-mining," "computer code" or any other automated device, program, tool, algorithm, process, or methodology or manual process having similar processes or functionality, to access, acquire, copy, or monitor any portion of this website or content. You also agree not to obtain or attempt to obtain through any means any materials or information on the website that have not been intentionally made available either by their public display on the Web Site or through their accessibility by a visible link or portal. You further agree not to violate the security of the website or attempt to gain unauthorized access to the website, data, materials, information, computer systems or networks connected to any server, through hacking, password mining or any other method.
            

*No Linkage. You expressly agree not to link or attempt to link to this website or the web pages contained herein.
            

*Third Party Information. Some of the information you access here is the property of third parties, made available here with the express permission of those third parties. IMN is not responsible for the content of any third party information provided on this website. You are cautioned that any further use of that information by you may be subject to the rights of those third parties and you may be required to obtain a license to use any such information. Failure to obtain third party permission may be a violation of federal law. You should contact the third party provider of the information to ascertain the requirements for using the information.
            

*Copyright and Trademarks. The layout of the website pages, graphics and pictures used and the collection of individual contributions are protected by copyright. All copyrights belong either to IMN, the third-party content providers or both. Either IMN or the third-party content providers own all trademarks and service marks depicted here.
            

*Indemnification. You agree to indemnify hold harmless and defend IMN, including our employees, officers, agents and contractors and our related entities and their employees, officers, partners, agents and contractors ("Indemnified") and continue to keep the Indemnified indemnified from and against any actions, proceedings, claims, demands, costs (on a full indemnity basis including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees) brought or made against the Indemnified by any person arising in connection with your use of the Website or content, or a breach of your representations and warranties in the Terms and Conditions of Use or this Agreement, or your violation of any of the Terms and Conditions of Use or this Agreement or any other activity in which you engage on or through, and from and against any damage, loss(whether personal or property, and whether direct or consequential, including without limitation consequential financial loss), cost or expense suffered or incurred by any Indemnified as a direct or indirect consequence thereof.
            

*Changes in Terms and Conditions. IMN may at any time revise the terms and conditions by which you may access the website or use IMN products or services. By using this website and IMN products and services, you agree to be bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to determine the then current version of this document.
            

*Limitation of Liability. Neither we, nor any of our suppliers, officers, employees, partners, affiliates, subsidiaries, successors and assigns, agents or representatives (our "Representatives") will be liable to you for:
            

            (a) any incidental, punitive, indirect, special or consequential damage, loss or expenses, including but not limited to any loss of business, contracts, revenue, or profits, any business interruption, security breach, loss of data, loss of goodwill or reputation or other pecuniary loss suffered by you, even if we or any of our Representatives have been advised of their possible existence; nor? (b) any direct damage loss or expenses arising from loss of customers, loss of profits, loss of anticipated profits or loss of savings.
            

*Termination. You may terminate this Agreement, for any or no reason, at any time, when IMN receives notice from you. IMN may terminate the Agreement and your account for any reason or no reason, at any time, with or without notice. This cancellation shall be effective immediately or as may be specified in the notice and may include disabling your current and future access to DirectConnect. IMN may also suspend or terminate this Agreement if you invite other users with whom you do not know to connect; abuse the any DirectConnect messaging services; creating multiple or false profiles; infringe on any intellectual property rights, violating any provisions in this Agreement, disparage IMN or its executives, Board members, affiliates, staff or other related entities or persons, or exhibit any other behavior that IMN, in its sole discretion, deems contrary to the purpose of the website.
            

*No Waiver. Failure by either party to exercise any right or remedy under these Terms does not constitute a waiver of that right or remedy.
            

*Entire Agreement. These terms (including any terms incorporated by reference in these terms), constitute the entire agreement between you and us with respect to your access to and use of the website or receipt of any service and supersede all prior agreements, negotiations and discussions between you and us relating to the same.
            

*Law and Jurisdiction. Where you visit, register and/or subscribe to a this site or related service (as indicated on this website or otherwise notified to you), these terms (and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with these terms, including non-contractual disputes or claims), to the maximum extent permissible under the law of the territory that you are located in, will be governed by the laws of the State of New York. Any action to enforce these terms shall be brought in a federal court or a state court located in the state of New York, county of New York, and you agree to submit yourself to the personal jurisdiction of those courts in any such action.
            

*Force Majeure. We shall not be deemed to be in breach of these Terms by reason of any delay in performing, or any failure to perform any service or our obligations in relation to these Terms, if the delay or failure was due to any cause beyond our reasonable control, including but not limited to acts of God, explosions, floods, fire or accident, war or threat of war, terrorism or threat of terrorism, sabotage, civil disturbance, epidemics, prohibitions or measures of any kind on the part of any governmental, parliamentary or local authority, import or export regulations or embargoes, or industrial actions or trade disputes (whether involving our employees or of third parties).
            

*Severability. If any provision of these Terms is found to be wholly or partially invalid, void or unenforceable by any court having competent jurisdiction or by virtue of any legislation or any other reason, that provision shall be invalid, void or unenforceable to that extent only and no further and the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of these Terms shall not be affected.
            

*Notices. Any notice given pursuant to these Terms shall be made by email or first class post, in the case of you, to the address provided on your registration form and, in the case of us, to the address posted on the website or otherwise notified to you in relation to any relevant service. Any such notice shall be deemed to have arrived if sent by post within three (3) days of posting and if sent by email at the time of transmission.
        



PRIVACY STATEMENT
Our Privacy Commitments

                Euromoney Institutional Investor PLC and Institutional Investor Inc. (together "we") respect the privacy of every person who visits, registers with or subscribes to our 
                websites and online publications ("you"), and are committed to ensuring a safe online experience.
                This Privacy Statement outlines the information we may collect about you in relation to your use of our websites and related publications and services ("personal data") and 
                how we may use that personal data. It also outlines the methods by which we and our service providers may (subject to necessary consents) monitor your online behaviour 
                in order to deliver customised advertisements and marketing materials and other tailored services. This Privacy Statement also tells you how you can verify the 
                accuracy of your personal data and how you can request that we delete or update it.
            
This Privacy Statement applies to all websites operated by us (as indicated on the relevant website) ("Sites"). For the purpose of this Privacy Statement 
                "group company" shall mean Euromoney Institutional Investor plc and any of its subsidiary companies, including, without limitation, Institutional Investor Inc. 
                Please note that the Sites may contain links to external sites and may contain advertisements for, and/or the opportunity for you to purchase products or services 
                from third parties. This privacy statement does not cover the activities of such third parties, and you should consult those third party sites' privacy policies for 
                information on how your data is used by them.By accessing and using the Sites you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Statement.
            

Information about us


                Our principal business activities are:
            

Business-to-Business Financial Publishing. We provide a range of products and services focused on international finance, metals, commodities, 
                    telecoms and emerging markets including magazines, newsletters, electronic information and data
Organisers of Seminars, Conferences, Training Courses and Exhibitions for the financial markets industry


                Euromoney Institutional Investor plc Company Address:
            

                Nestor House,
                Playhouse Yard,
                London EC4V 5EXUnited Kingdom
            

                Institutional Investor, Inc. Company Address:
            

                1120 Ave of the Americas, 6th floor
                New York, NY 10036
                USA
            

Name of the Data Controller


                The Data Controllers are Euromoney Institutional Investor plc and Institutional Investor Inc.
                Euromoney Institutional Investor plc is subject to the UK Data Protection Act 1998 and is registered in the UK with the Information Commissioner's Office.
            

Collection of Personal Data


                Our primary goal in collecting personal data from you is to give you an enjoyable customised experience whilst allowing us to provide services and 
                features that most likely meet your needs. We collect certain personal data from you, which you give to us when using our Sites and/or registering 
                or subscribing for our products and services. However, we also give you the option to access our Sites' home pages without subscribing or registering or 
                disclosing your personal data. We also collect certain personal data from other group companies to whom you have given information through their 
                websites (including, by way of example, Euromoney Institutional Investor plc and Institutional Investor Inc, in accordance with the purposes listed below).
                Please note that we do not intend to collect any personal data from children under thirteen years of age and no child under thirteen should submit any 
                personal data to any of the Sites. Should we discover that any such personal data has been delivered to any of the Sites, we will remove that information 
                as soon as possible.
            

Types of Personal Data Held and its Use

Customer Services and Administration

                At some Sites, Euromoney collects personal data such as your name, job title, work and/or home address, and telephone number and email address in order to 
                register you for access to certain content and subscriptions. This information may be supplemented with demographic information from your use of our Sites 
                such as your postal area, age, gender, purchasing preferences and interests. At other Sites, Euromoney may only collect broad demographic information 
                for aggregate use. This information is used to administer and deliver to you the products and/or services you have requested, to operate our Sites 
                efficiently and improve our service to you, and to retain records of our business transactions and communications. By using the Sites and submitting personal 
                information through the registration process you are agreeing that we may collect, hold, process and use your information (including personal information) for 
                the purpose of providing you with the Site services and developing our business, which shall include (without limitation) the purposes described 
                below in paragraphs 2 and 3.
            
 Monitoring use of our Sites

                Where, as part of our Site services, we enable you to post information or materials on our Site, we may access and monitor any information which you 
                upload or input, including in any password-protected sections. Subject to any necessary consents, we also monitor and/or record the different Sites you 
                visit and actions taken on those Sites, e.g. content viewed or searched for. If you are a registered user (e.g. a subscriber or taking a trial), when you 
                log on, this places a cookie on your machine. This enables your access to content and services that are not publicly available. Once you are logged on, 
                the actions you take - for example, viewing an article - will be recorded (subject to any necessary consents). We may use technology or a service provider 
                to do this for us. This information may be used for one or more of the following purposes:
            


to fulfil our obligations to you;
to improve the efficiency, quality and design of our Sites and services;
to see which articles, features and services are most read and used
to track compliance with our terms and conditions of use, e.g. to ensure that you are acting within the scope of your user licence;
for marketing purposes (subject to your rights to opt-in and opt-out of receiving certain marketing communications) - see paragraph 3 below;
for advertising purposes, although the information used for these purposes does not identify you personally. Please see paragraph 5 below for more details;
to protect or comply with our legal rights and obligations; and
to enable our journalists to contact and interact with you online in connection with any content you may post to our Sites.



                Please see paragraph 5 below for more information on cookies and similar technologies and a link to a page where you can turn them on or off.
            
 Marketing:

                Some of your personal data collected under paragraphs 1 and 2 above may be used by us and/or our other group companies and third party service 
                providers to contact you by email, fax, telephone and/or post for sending information or promotional material on our products and/or services and/or 
                those of our other group companies. We give you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving marketing communications and will in certain circumstances 
                need to obtain your consent before sending such communications to you. Further detail can be found on the applicable Site and in each marketing communication 
                sent by us, our group companies or service providers. See also "Consents and opt-outs" section below.
            
Trading in Personal Data:

                Some of your personal data may be collected and processed with the intention of selling it to other organisations, but this will not be 
                done unless you have given your consent (separately to this privacy statement).
            
Cookies and similar technologies

                All our Sites use cookies and similar technical tools to collect information about your access to the Site and the services we provide.
            

                Cookies are pieces of information which include a unique reference code that a website transfers to your device to store and 
                sometimes track information about you. A number of cookies we use last only for the duration of your web session and expire when 
                you close your browser. Other cookies are used to remember you when you return to the Site and will last for longer. Cookies cannot 
                be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. They are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a Web server in 
                the domain that issued the cookie.
            

                We may use cookies to:
            

remember that you have used the Site before; this means we can identify the number of unique visitors we receive to different parts of the Site. 
                    This allows us to make sure we have enough capacity for the number of users that we get and make sure that the Site runs fast enough;
                
remember your login session so you can move from one page to another within the Site;
store your preferences or your user name and password so that you do not need to input these every time you visit the Site;
customise elements of the layout and/or content of the pages of Site for you;
record activity on our Sites so that we understand how you use our Sites enabling us to better tailor our content, services and marketing to your needs;
collect statistical information about how you use the Site so that we can improve the Site; and
gather information about the pages on the Site that you visit, and also other information about other websites that you visit, so as to place you in a 
                    “market segment”. This information is only collected by reference to the IP address that you are using, but does include information about the county 
                    and city you are in, together with the name of your internet service provider. This information is then used to place interest-based advertisements 
                    on the Site which it is believed will be relevant to your market segment. For more information about this type of interest based advertising, and 
                    about how to turn this feature off please visit www.youronlinechoices.co.uk. 
                    (Please email us at cookies@euromoneyplc.com if you have any queries about cookies)


                Some of the cookies used by our Sites are set by us, and some are set by third parties who are delivering services (such as interest based advertising 
                directed at your market segment) on our behalf. To see a list of the cookies and similar technologies used on this Site and instructions on how to 
                turn them on and off click here. 
                (Please email us at cookies@euromoneyplc.com if you have any queries about cookies) 
            

                Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but, if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that or to notify you each time a cookie is set. 
                You can also learn more about cookies in general by visiting www.allaboutcookies.org 
                which includes additional useful information on cookies and how to block cookies using different types of browser. Please note however, that by blocking, deleting or 
                turning off cookies used on the Site you may not be able to take full advantage of the Site.
            

Email tracking: So that we can better understand our users' needs, we track responses to our emails - for example, to see which links are the 
                most popular in newsletters, and to log and follow up responses to our marketing messages. To do this, we use pixel GIFs, also known as "pixel tags" - these are 
                small image files that are placed within the body of our email messages. They enable us to tell if a message has been opened and to track click-throughs on links 
                within the message. Any other purposes for which Euromoney wishes to use your personal data will be notified to you and your personal data will not be used 
                for any such purpose without obtaining your prior consent.
            

Consents and opt-outs


                You can give your consent to or opt out of particular uses of your data as indicated above by:
            

Indicating at the point on the relevant Site where personal data is collected;
Informing us by email, post or phone; or
Updating your preferences on the applicable Site;


                For turning cookies and similar technologies on and off, see the information in paragraph 5 above.
            

Disclosures


                Information collected at one Site may be shared between Euromoney Institutional Investor plc, Institutional Investor Inc. and other group companies for the 
                purposes listed above. Your personal data may also be sold to other companies in the form of lists and directories, but only after permission from 
                you in accordance with the provisions above. We may also disclose your personal data to other third parties, including, without limitation, professional 
                advisers, or governmental or State institutions or regulatory authorities, where necessary in order to exercise or defend legal rights or where required by law.
            

                We may transfer, sell or assign any of the information described in this policy to third parties as a result of a sale, merger, consolidation, change of control, 
                transfer of assets or reorganisation of our business.
            

Public forums, message boards and blogs


                Some of our Sites make message boards, blogs or other facilities for user generated content available and users can participate in these facilities. 
                Any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should always be careful when deciding to disclose your personal information.
            

Transfers outside the EEA


                Services on the Internet are accessible globally so collection and transmission of personal data is not always limited to one country. 
                Euromoney Institutional Investor plc may transfer your personal data, for the purposes listed above, to other group companies, service providers or other 
                third parties which may be located in countries outside the European Economic Area, whose laws may not give the level of protection to personal data as within the UK. 
                This will include transfers to Institutional Investor Inc. in the US (and Institutional Investor Inc. will collect some data directly from you, in relation to the 
                Sites which it operates) and to third parties who provide us with email and marketing services. Where we conduct any transfers we will take all steps reasonably 
                necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
            
Confidentiality and Security of Your Personal Data
We are committed to keeping the data you provide us secure and will take reasonable precautions to protect your personal data from loss, misuse or alteration.
The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the 
                security of your data transmitted to our Site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and 
                security features described above to try to prevent unauthorised access. We have implemented information security policies, rules and technical measures to 
                protect the personal data that we have under our control from:

unauthorised access
improper use or disclosure
unauthorised modification
unlawful destruction or accidental loss

All our employees, contractors and data processors (i.e. those who process your personal data on our behalf, for the purposes listed above), who have access to, and 
                are associated with the processing of your personal data, are obliged to keep the information confidential and not use it for any other purpose than to carry out 
                the services they are performing for us. We also give you the option of using a secure transmission method to send us personal data identifiers, such as 
                credit card details and bank account number. How to Access, Update and Erase your Personal Information


                If you wish to know whether we are keeping personal data about you, or if you have an enquiry about our privacy policy or your personal data held by us, in 
                relation to any of the Sites, you can contact the Data Protection Officer via:
            

Postal mail to this address: Data Protection Officer, Euromoney Institutional Investor plc, Nestor House, Playhouse Yard, London EC4V 5EX, UK
Telephone: +44 (0)20 7779 8600
Email: 
dataprotectionofficer@euromoneyplc.com


Upon request, we will provide you with a readable copy of the personal data which we keep about you. We may require proof of your identity and may charge a 
                small fee (not exceeding the statutory maximum fee that can be charged) to cover administration and postage.
Euromoney allows you to challenge the data that we hold about you and, where appropriate in accordance with applicable laws, you may have your personal information:

erased
rectified or amended
completed

Changes to this Privacy Statement
We will occasionally update this Privacy Statement to reflect new legislation or industry practice, group company changes and customer feedback. 
                We encourage you to review this Privacy Statement periodically to be informed of how we are protecting your personal data.
This Privacy Statement was last updated in April 2012.






                This  email already exists, please use "Forgot Password" page to reset a password for an existing account.
                

(Click "Reset Password" button below and email with password reset instruction will be emailed to you.)







                This  email you entered is not in valid format.
                






Reset Password
Email






 





























































14th Annual US Real Estate Opportunity and Private Funds Investing Forum -> Agenda

















IMN HOME
DIVISION HOME









14th Annual

                     US Real Estate Opportunity and Private Funds Investing Forum
                


                                            May 29-30, 2013
                       
                







Agenda



Wednesday, May 29th, 2013
Thursday, May 30th, 2013
My Agenda
 


To view your agenda you must be signed in





8:40 AM  Continental Breakfast Courtesy of: 













8:40 AM  Remarks from IMN 









8:40 AM  Opening Remarks 






Bruce Stachenfeld
 
Managing Partner
Duval & Stachenfeld
 










8:40 AM  The Real Estate Economy: Will We Get Out of First Gear? What are Today's Drivers? 


                            • What are the chances the US’s economy will go into another tailspin during the next 2 years? • May 29, 2016… The Treasury bill will be? • Housing is there still room for improvement? • Europe and the rest of the world… What are you thinking that might be against the grain? • Washington and the impact of continued dysfunction • The local economy in for the biggest rise is… The newest one to redline is… • Consumer spending and the impact of increase in payroll taxes
                            







Mark Grinis
 
Global Leader, Real Estate Investment Fund Services
Ernst & Young LLP
 





Tony McGough
 
Chief Global Real Estate Strategist
BCA Research
 





Franz Colloredo-Mansfeld
 
CEO
Cabot Properties, Inc.
 





David Congdon
 
Senior Managing Director
Hines
 





Jeff Elowe
 
President & CEO
The Laramar Group, LLC
 





Hans Nordby
 
Managing Director
Property & Portfolio Research
 





Michael Katz
 
Co-Chief Executive Officer
Sterling American Property, Inc.
 










8:40 AM  State of the Industry: Are These the Good Times We've Been Waiting For? 


                            • Are you expecting 20% returns? How? With 1% rates is 16 the new 20? • Developed market challenges • Capital gains and Obama care tax changes: Any impact? • Is the $$ finally leaving the sidelines and is now in the game? • Lending outside the major markets • Impact of the fourth quarter tax-lead deals • Washington budget and debt battles: Still an impact? • Are firms saying they are doing core but are really doing value-added? • Are return expectations permanently lower? • The debt fund story… any takers? • Fundraising update • Changes in structure • Investor sentiment • Will 2013 funds be a vintage year?
                            







Robert Ivanhoe
 
Chairman, Global Real Estate Practice
Greenberg Traurig, LLP
 





Richard Mack
 
CEO, North America
AREA Property Partners
 





Barry Blattman
 
Senior Managing Partner
Brookfield Asset Management
 





Paul Fox
 
Managing Director
Cerberus Real Estate Capital Management, LLC
 





Robert Dombi
 
Partner
Landmark Partners
 





Warren de Haan
 
Chief Originations Officer and Managing Director
Starwood Property Trust
 





Joseph Sitt
 
President
Thor Equities, LLC
 










8:40 AM  Refreshments Courtesy of: 













11:10 AM  Large Fund Plenary: With 24-Hour City Valuations Getting Frothy and Yield Compression a Reality, Where Are You Looking for '14? 


                            • What red flag markets are now green? • Core vs. value-added vs. opportunistic • Alternative housing market plays…Is it time to start non- Multifamily development? Single family residential? Home building? • Are you using your passport more? I’m rotating out of … While rotating into… • Locking in the low rates? • Is your dry powder dwindling?
                            







Alvin Katz
 
Partner
Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP
 





Coburn Packard
 
Partner
Apollo Global Management
 





Chip Lippman
 
Managing Director
The Carlyle Group
 





Peter Fioretti
 
CEO
Mountain Real Estate Capital
 





Justin Guichard
 
Managing Director
Oaktree Capital Management
 










12:10 AM  Fundraising 


                            • What are investors looking at other than returns? • Is it possible to reach your goal today without a 3rd-party fundraiser? • Where is the flow coming from? • Fund-of-fund fundraising • Perpetual fundraising • Raising value-added vs. core • LP view on leverage • 800+ funds are trying to raise capital and less than 10% are successful…success factors
                            







Scott Farb
 
Partner
Independent Investor
 





Amachie Ackah
 
Managing Partner
AREP LLC
 





Peter Braffman
 
Partner
Credit Suisse
 





W. Michael Crawford
 
Partner
Eaton Partners, LLC
 





Joseph Nahas
 
Senior Vice President, Institutional Marketing and Investor Relations
Equus Capital Partners, Ltd
 





Parry Singh
 
Co-Founder & Senior Managing Director
Red Fort Capital, LLC
 










8:40 AM  Luncheon for All Attendees Courtesy of: 












Please Choose "A", "B", "C", or "D"









8:40 AM  Due Diligence for Acquisition & Downside Analysis: This is Not a Drive By 


                            • What are your due diligence requirements? • Debt due diligence • Are there finally real, relevant comps out there? • Neighborhood diligence • Do you perform seller evaluation? • Portfolio acquisitions • Taxes, liens and government impositions • Tenant evaluation • Lease data integrity • Insurance & environmental matters • Documents to review • Zoning, subdivision and land use matters • The newest thing added to your due diligence list is…
                            







Jeffrey Alpaugh
 
Managing Director, Global Real Estate & Hospitality Practice Leader
Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc.
 





Nevin Sanli
 
Founder & Managing Director
Astrum Investment Management
 





Craig Brown
 
Real Estate Partner
Duval & Stachenfeld
 





Peter Collins
 
Co-Founder & Managing Principal
Forge Capital Partners, LLC
 





Scott Vetri
 
Partner
Katten Muchin Rosenman
 





Rick Platzek
 
CMO
NTrust Infotech
 





Andrew Weiss
 
Managing Principal & COO
Parmenter Realty Partners
 










8:40 AM  New Mezz Loan Origination 


                            • What is the case for mezz in 2013? • Is lack of senior financing an issue? In cases where it is what are your doing about it? • Deal parameters in your ball park • 60? 80? 100? Where along the capital stack do you like to play? • Risk-reward • Development of the European market • Today vs. the 2001-2004 period • Is your goal to get to the equity? • Use of proceeds • Recap deals • Relative risk trade-offs between primary and secondary markets and leverage structures • Investor demand/preferences • Property and portfolio leverage and leverage structures • CLOs
                            







Jeffrey Lenobel
 
Partner and Chair of the Real Estate Group
Schulte Roth & Zabel LLP
 





Tim Johnson
 
Managing Director
The Blackstone Group
 





James Henderson
 
Managing Director-Alternative Investments Group
Cornerstone Real Estate Advisers LLC
 





Skip Wells
 
Co-Chief Investment Officer
GE Asset Management, Real Estate
 





Randy Reiff
 
Managing Director, Head of Commercial Mortgage Finance / CMBS
Macquarie Group
 





Sujan Patel
 
Co-Head of US Investment Management
Colony NorthStar
 





Stuart Boesky
 
President & CEO
Pembrook Capital Management
 





Michael Butz
 
Partner, Investments
Torchlight Investors
 









The Financing/Debt Stream at IMN’s Opportunity Fund ForumSee the latest private fund real estate Financing strategies at The Financing/Debt Symposium at IMNs Opportunity Fund Forum. The Symposium will be a separate track during IMNs Opportunity Fund forum and all opportunity fund attendees are eligible to attend. If you are a debt provider, broker, fund or investor & want to meet the top funds and hear how they are financing or providing debt this is a must attend plenary. See link for details: http://bit.ly/XEz6NO.









8:40 AM  LP/GP Relations: The Fee, Promote, Incentive Debate 


                            • Are investors still pushing back? • How much does it cost to run a fund? • Compensation/key man issues • Fee discounts for first movers • How important have fee levels been for LPs? • Fees for value vs. service • Fundof- funds and the double promote • Joint ventures, clubs and one-off deals • Performance fees • Are core funds overpriced? • Structural consideration
                            







Joseph Smith
 
Partner
Schulte Roth & Zabel LLP
 





Dan Witte
 
Managing Director
LaSalle Investment Management
 





Ken Muller
 
Partner / Co-Chair PE Funds
Morrison & Foerster LLP
 





Lior Ohayon
 
Partner
Stroock & Stroock & Lavan LLP
 





David Schwartz
 
Managing Member
Waterton Associates LLC
 









The LP Stream at IMN’s Opportunity Fund ForumHigh-Net-Worth, Private Banks, Family Officers, Fund-of-Funds, Pension Funds, Endowments & Foundations don’t miss the sessions dedicated to the LP by the LP. At the LP Stream you will be presented with the key issues when evaluating and investing in real estate private funds.The LP Stream at IMN’s Opportunity Fund Forum will be a separate track during IMNs Opportunity Fund forum and all opportunity fund attendees are eligible to attend. If you are an LP or want to hear they have to say this is a must attend plenary. See link for details: http://bit.ly/XEzbRC.









8:40 AM  Regulatory Trends: What is Truly Relevant? 


                            • Should you register? • The latest on Dodd-Frank, bank regulations & SEC filing issues • AIFM • Basel 3 and its expecting impact • Shadow banking regulatory issues • Volker rule update • Are you hedging interest rate swaps: Do you need to register as a Commodity Trading Advisor? • Characterizing management fees • Carried interest • Registering foreign advisors • FACTA issues • Fund marketing changes • Governance trends • Impact of being subject to the purview of the SEC • New regulatory possibilities and how they would impact the fund structures
                            







Dovid Frankel
 
Partner
Ernst & Young LLP
 





Kevin Hyams
 
Partner
Friedman LLP
 





Jennifer  Myers
 
Managing Director
GlobalRMC
 





Kathryn Furman
 
Partner
King & Spalding LLP
 





Thomas Devaney
 
Partner
Morrison & Foerster LLP
 





Neil Casey
 
Partner
White and Williams LLP
 










8:40 AM  Fund Structuring 


                            • Expanded investor governance requirements • Dodd-Frank investment advisor registration or equivalent compliance protections for investors • SEC proposed regulations under JOBS Act regarding general solicitation • Current waterfall and fee limits • GP co-investment and exclusivity requirements (club deals and separate accounts) • Restrictions on separate accounts, co-investing with the fund • Investor participation in GPs • GP and officer executive compensation and participation • GP and officer exculpation standards • UBIT/FIRPTA and ECI blockers for tax-exempt and foreign investors
                            







Sandy Presant
 
Chair, Real Estate Fund Practice Group
Greenberg Traurig, LLP
 





Allen Parker
 
Senior Attorney
APG Asset Management
 





Anthony Carpenito
 
Managing Director
Credit Suisse
 





Derek Ramsey
 
Chief Financial Officer
Greystar Real Estate Partners
 





Vivek Seth
 
Head of Real Estate Investment Banking
Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
 





Steven Jasa
 
Vice President, Investment Management
Western National Properties
 










8:40 AM  Buying Within the Capital Structure: Sub Debt, Mezz & CMBS 


                            • Where and why are you where you are in the capital structure? • Total and Risk-adjusted return targets • Is owning the property your end game? What happens when it comes back to you? • Fundraising: Are investors interested? • Pref equity and “B”-piece evaluation
                            







Mark Fawer
 
Partner
Brown Rudnick LLP
 





Raphael Sidelsky
 
Senior Managing Director-Principal Investments
C-III Capital Partners
 





Jeffrey Wiseman
 
Managing Director
Macquarie Group
 





Stuart Silberberg
 
Authorized Correspondent
Starwood Property Trust
 





Bruce Batkin
 
President & Chief Executive Officer
Terra Capital Partners, LLC
 










8:40 AM  LP Fund Due Diligence 


                            • Are investors requiring greater due diligence before committing to a fund? • Alignment of interests • Track record • Focus on references and background checks
                            







Irv Lowenberg
 
Treasurer
City of Southfield, MI
 





Stephen Davidson
 
Vice President
Morgan Stanley Alternative Investment Partners
 





Amy Hirsch
 
Chief Executive Officer
Paradigm Consulting Services
 





Brent Burnett
 
Senior Consultant
Real Asset Portfolio Management
 





Jamie Biddle
 
Founder, CEO, and Portfolio Manager, Real Assets
Verdis Investment Management
 





Damon Krytzer
 
Managing Director
Highland Capital Management
 










8:40 AM  The Bank & Servicer Panel on Real Estate Workouts & Dispositions 


                            • How do servicers manage conflicts? • Extend vs. foreclose • How should you be accessing notes & REOs from servicers and special asset officers? • Preferred disposition methods • Seller financing… Do you provide? What are the terms? • Workouts: How much new money should you bring to the table? What are the new terms? • Asset specific issues • Do you enforce judgments on guarantors and recourse? • Working under a federal guaranty… What does it mean?
                            







Jeffrey Temple
 
Partner
Morrison & Foerster LLP
 





Terri Gumula
 
Vice President
Citi Community Capital
 





Michael Shah
 
CEO & Founder
Delshah Capital LLC
 





Lawrence Smoler
 
Senior Vice President
Torchlight Investors
 





Scott Liebman
 
Managing Director-SNB StabFund Investment Management
UBS
 










8:40 AM  Refreshments Courtesy of: 













8:40 AM  Core Strategies 


                            • Gateway cities: What kind of returns? Are they within your parameters? • Government leases: Still AAA in an era of downsizing? • Core development… An oxymoron or a reality? • Post-recession leverage rates • Do investors remain interested? • Defining core and core plus • Postcrash performance
                            







Howard Fields
 
Senior Vice President
Inland Institutional Capital Partners
 





Jason Liu
 
Managing Principal
AmCap, Inc.
 





Richard Kaufman
 
Founder and President
City-Core Development, Inc.
 





Dean Dulchinos
 
Portfolio Manager – Debt Strategies
Cornerstone Real Estate Advisers LLC
 





Jeffrey Toporek
 
Principal
FD Stonewater
 





Gary Zdolshek
 
Principal
Investors Diversified Realty, LLC
 










8:40 AM  The Market for New Senior Lending 


                            • Who is lending? Senior debt fund activity • Core senior loans… too much leverage? • Terms and durations • Sector and geographic sweet spots, red lines • Recourse? • Role of legacy issues • Providing distressed debt, rescue capital & seller finance • Terms outside the cities • Big deal structures and appetite • Leverage: Is it going back up toward pre-crash days?
                            







Timothy Davis
 
Partner
White and Williams LLP
 





Bruce Cohen
 
Senior Partner
Ares Management LLC
 





Patrick Walsh
 
SVP, Commercial and Industrial Lending
Bofi Federal Bank
 





Jeff Thompson
 
Managing Director, Institutional Accounts
GE Capital Real Estate
 





Sujan Patel
 
Co-Head of US Investment Management
Colony NorthStar
 





John Randall
 
Managing Director
PCCP, LLC
 





Edward Shugrue III
 
Chief Executive Officer
Talmage, LLC
 










8:40 AM  High-Net Worth, Family Office, Independent Investment Advisor Panel 


                            • Buying REITs vs. private funds • Real estate and overall allocations • How does the high-net-worth investors compare with other institutional investors? • Comparing the high-net-worth, the very high-net-worth and the very incredibly high-net worth I have more money than most 3rd world countries markets
                            







Kenneth Weissenberg
 
Partner
EisnerAmper LLP
 





Seth Schumer
 
Director, US Investments
Quadrum Group
 





Marty Caverly
 
Chief Investment Officer
Resource Real Estate
 





Jahn Brodwin
 
Senior Managing Director
FTI Consulting
 





Alfred Jackson
 
CEO & Managing Member
Siridean Advisors LLC
 





Jack Creighton
 
Founder and Managing Member
Sourcenet Investment Services LLC
 










8:40 AM  Hotels 


                            • Is all the restructuring finished? • Impact of mergers, the public markets & take private deals • Condo hotels 2.0 • Looking at the Caribbean? • Brand update • Luxury, middle market, the city or the shore: Where do you want to be? • Adding value to the hotel property: When is it the correct choice? • Gaming sector • Capital partner plays • Anything new on the operational side?
                            







Deborah Friedland
 
Director - Hospitality Services
EisnerAmper LLP
 





Bruce Davidson
 
Managing Director, Hospitality & Leisure Group
Alvarez & Marsal Real Estate Advisory Services
 





Andy Stewart
 
Managing Partner
Argosy Real Estate Partners
 





Eli Braha
 
Managing Member & CEO
Berkley Aquisitions LLC
 





Ali Elam
 
Managing Director
Fortress Investment Group
 





Aditya Bhoopathy
 
Principal & Executive Vice President
Noble Investment Group, LLC
 





James Merkel
 
President & CEO
RockBridge
 










8:40 AM  Interest & Cap Rates in 3 Years... How are you Planning for the 4% Treasury? 


Interest rates have been at historic lows for a long time but these levels can’t last forever. How are fund managers preparing for an increase in interest rates that may or may not come?• With rents so high in certain markets are cap rates becoming less relevant? • Locking in leases and rents • Can you count on growth in gateway markets?
                            







Martin Alston
 
Partner, Portfolio Management
Capri Capital Partners, LLC
 





Aaron Mesmer
 
Principal-Acquisitions
Block Real Estate Services, LLC
 





Tim Wang
 
Director & Head of Investment Research
Clarion Partners
 





Jon-Paul Momsen
 
Senior Managing Director
Harbert Management Corporation
 





Russell Appel
 
President
Praedium Group, LLC
 










8:40 AM  Multifamily Financing 


                            • Are core products getting pricey? • Fannie & Freddie update • Do you finance alternative products like senior and student housing? • Interim financing for repositioned projects • Fixed/floating; Permanent/adjustable • Terms for different products • Joint ventures
                            







Michael Baum
 
Shareholder
Greenberg Traurig, LLP
 





Benjamin Friedman
 
President and CEO
Abacus Capital Group, LLC
 





Russell Beer
 
Founding Principal
Big Ocean LLC
 





Frank Marro
 
President and CEO
Drever Capital Management
 





Bill Cockrum
 
Senior Vice President
Lowe Enterprises Investors
 










8:40 AM  Measuring Track Record, Performance, Risk, Reporting/Transparency 


                            • Measuring an operating partners performance • Fund-of-funds • Evaluating sector v. manager performance • Considering cash and leverage • Assessing performance convergence • Risk measurement of mixed-asset, leveraged and debt funds • Mitigating risks • Are funds continuing to improve transparency? • How have you changed your reporting over the last year? • Are you meeting the AIFM requirements? • BF… Before your fund, how did you build up your institutionalreputation?
                            







Leslie Greis
 
Managing Member
Perennial Capital Advisors, LLC
 





Maxwell Drever
 
Chairman / Principal
Drever Capital Management / Drever Dupoux Capital Management
 





Kevin Davis
 
Chief Investment Officer
Taconic Investment Partners, LLC
 





Shahab Moreh
 
Partner
WeiserMazars LLP
 










8:40 AM  Foreign LP & Joint Venture Structuring with US Funds 


                            • The 49% structure • Impact of 3% Obama care rental tax and proposed exemption for foreign investors from certain US taxes when selling US real estate • FIRPTA issues • Sovereign Investors • Tax-Advantaged structures • New Shariah financing developments • Separate account likes • Different countries: Different regulations- What do you need to know? • Discretion and control • Structuring fees, equity and promotes • Issues surrounding sovereign players • EB-5 financing
                            







Charles Harrison
 
President
REIT Funding, LLC
 





Martin Clarke
 
Tax Director
DLJ Real Estate Capital Partners, LLC
 





Amanda Nussbaum
 
Partner - Tax Department
Proskauer Rose LLP
 





Jason Barnett
 
Vice Chairman and General Counsel
RXR Realty
 





Anthony Grimaldi
 
Associate General Counsel
TIAA - CREF
 





Demetri Yatrakis
 
Partner
WeiserMazars LLP
 










6:10 AM  Networking Reception Courtesy of: 













7:10 AM  Day One Concludes 











7:10 AM  Registration & Continental Breakfast fro Closed Door Session 













8:40 AM  New Fund, Vegas Rules, Closed Door Session 


With the casualty rate for new funds being so high IMN has organized a pre-conference discussion focusing on both successful practices for putting together a new fund in 2013 as well as things that just didn’t work out the way you thought it would. This will be a fund only discussion where the agenda will come from you… Since space is limited please email sglener@imn.org for confirmation








Gary Zdolshek
 
Principal
Investors Diversified Realty, LLC
 










8:00 AM  Breakfast Courtesy of: 












Please Choose "A", "B", "C", or "D"









8:40 AM  Crossing the "T's" and Dotting the "I's": Examining First Time Funds, Their Administrative & Non-Investment Needs & Outsourcing 


                            • What is sensible to outsource? • Identifying your core competencies • What to look for when picking a fund custodian, auditor, administrator and trustee • Fund/Property valuation • Outsourcing due diligence • How do LPs evaluate funds that outsource? • Compliance with new regulations • Reporting • Accounting implications of “expenses” vs. “fees” • Domicile considerations • Transparency and reporting: Speeding up to the institutional level • Structuring the first-time fund
                            







Mark Kaufmann
 
Partner
Sidley Austin LLP
 





Maurice Malfatti
 
Managing Principal
Blue Heron Asset Management LLC
 





Michael Dombai
 
Managing Director
Cortland Fund Services
 





Patrick Goulding
 
Principal
Ardmore Partners LLC
 





Ishan Singh
 
Managing Director
REV-Re Capital Ventures
 





Bhagesh Malde
 
Senior Managing Director
State Street Alternative Investment Solutions
 










8:40 AM  Finding Debt 2013: Case Studies from the Borrower Side 


                            • Who have you found? What are they lending on? What are the terms? • Refinancing: Structures and availability • Is there any financing outside of the 24-hour cities? • Junior financing • Would you go the recourse route? • Experiences with debt funds and other non-traditional lenders • Financing for turnaround properties
                            







Dennis Russo
 
Partner & Co-Chair Real Estate Department
Herrick, Feinstein LLP
 





Jonathan Asta
 
Director of Capital Markets
Acadia Realty Trust
 





Mukang Cho
 
CEO & Principal
Morning Calm Management
 





David Streicher
 
Partner
Rockwood Capital, LLC
 





Tim Stoner
 
Managing Director, Capital Markets
USAA Real Estate Company
 










8:40 AM  A Day in the Life of an LP 


Unless you have been an LP it’s likely that you don’t have a clear idea of what their typical day looks like. Here’s a chance to hear some LP’s talk openly about what their responsibilities are, what their team looks like and how they prefer to be communicated with.








Steve Felix
 
Partner
Felix / Weiner Consulting Group
 





Alan Snoddy
 
Senior Vice President
Church Pension Group
 





Susan Doyle
 
Managing Director, Global Real Estate Funds
GE Asset Management, Inc.
 





Skip Miller
 
Director of Real Estate Investments
New York State Common Retirement Fund
 





Kathy Jassem
 
Portfolio Manager
State of NJ Treasury
 










8:40 AM  Vehicles to Best Attract Capital 


                            • The Dow is at a historic high… Is it a good time for the IPO exit? Take private deals? • The REIT structure • Do you want to be beholden to the Wall Street analyst? • Are certain assets better to have in non-fund structures?
                            







Edward Liva
 
Partner
KPMG LLP
 





Robert Masters
 
Legal Consultant
Acadia Realty Trust
 





Kean Hird
 
Partner
Catalyst Capital
 





David Lazarus
 
Senior Managing Director
Eastdil Secured
 





Jeffrey Dauray
 
Senior Vice President-Acquisitions
RLJ Lodging Trust
 










8:40 AM  Property Joint Ventures 


                            • Multi-party joint ventures • Picking local operators: What do you look for? • Buying stakes/minority partners • Going in yourself vs. joint venture: Why? • Would you consider a joint venture/club deal structure? • Local operators: How do you pick a capital partner?
                            







Stephen Rabinowitz
 
Chair, New York Real Estate
Greenberg Traurig, LLP
 





Reid Liffmann
 
Managing Director
Angelo, Gordon & Co.
 





Russell Beer
 
Founding Principal
Big Ocean LLC
 





Andrew Sucoff
 
Partner
Goodwin Procter LLP
 





Brad Carroll
 
Managing Director
Madison International Realty
 





Charles Harrison
 
President
REIT Funding, LLC
 





Diana Brummer
 
Partner
Stroock & Stroock & Lavan LLP
 





Jeanne Myerson
 
President & CEO
The Swig Company
 










8:40 AM  Subscription & Short Term Financing: New Commitments, Structures and Investor Complexities 


Financing secured by the capital commitments of investment grade quality (or similarly-profiled) fund investors can often be obtained on more flexible terms usually reserved for corporate issuers and at better pricing than other financing alternatives available to fund sponsors.. The current state of the market, emerging trends, and structuring of such facilities will be the focus plus...• Typical terms, including pricing, tenor & maturities • Line use availability/restrictions • Security and collateral • Issues relating to LCs • New fund evaluation and considerations • Changes in legal and documents • Role of the LP & inherent issues • Negotiated points • Single vs. multiple fund issues • Overcall provisions and side letter issues (Sovereign immunity) • Jurisdictional complexities • The lending syndicate • Advances against different collateral types • Liquidity in non-fund structures including GP financing and management company financing needs • Post investment period financings
                            







Dee Dee Sklar
 
Managing Director
Wells Fargo
 





Julian Black
 
Group Director
Estera
 





Tom Nowak
 
Managing Director
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
 





Timothy Powers
 
Partner
Haynes and Boone, LLP
 





Charles Purse
 
Managing Principal
Park Hill Real Estate Group
 





James Conti
 
Director, Financial Institutions
Standard Chartered Bank
 





David Wasserman
 
Vice President
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
 





Terence Hatton
 
Managing Director, Fund Finance
MUFG Union Bank
 










8:40 AM  Shifting Fund Strategy, Extending Commitment Periods, Fund Workouts and Other Advisory Board Issues 


Due to opportunity or the lack of many funds have extended fund life or gone outside their fund parameters to reach their investment objectives. There are the slight shifts like writing debt in your equity fund org going into secondary markets. Other funds have gone through much bigger transformations. And still other funds just weren’t successful investments. This session will discuss the advisory board make up, role of the advisory board in approving such transformations, the role of the non-voting LP and the strategy/extension success/failure.








Colin Hill
 
Vice President
CIGNA Realty Investors
 





Alison Hawkins
 
Principal
Artemis Real Estate Partners
 





Marc Weidner
 
Managing Director
Franklin Templeton Investments
 





Larissa Herczeg
 

Oak Street Real Estate Capital
 





Chip Parsons
 
Partner
Proskauer Rose LLP
 





William Avoli
 
Vice President
RockBridge
 










8:40 AM  Relative Value in the Booming Housing Markets 


Multifamily-is it still hot? Single family rentals-already played out? Home builders and raw land-getting expensive? Student and senior housing-just not your bailiwick? Is debt capital the best choice? This session will compare and contrast all of the ways you can invest in the housing markets and where the current best opportunities are.








David Kessler
 
Partner, National Director-Commercial Real Estate
CohnReznick LLP
 





David Butler
 
Managing Partner
Argosy Real Estate Partners
 





Tony Avila
 
Managing Principal and CEO
Encore Funds and Builder Advisor Group
 





Neal Johnson
 
Managing Partner
Isles Ranch Partners
 





Chad Carpenter
 
Chairman & CEO
Reven Capital, LLC
 





Frank Cappello
 
President, Eastern Region
SunCal
 





Oliver Swan
 
Managing Partner
Treesdale Real Estate Partners
 










8:40 AM  Office: Should you Continue to be Downtown with its Low Cap Rates or is it Time to Look for Opportunistic Returns in Secondary Markets or in Construction/Development? How about Alternative Office Classes? 


24 hour cities valuation is resulting in getting value-added returns a challenge in today’s office market. Will demand recover enough to start exploring the possibility of opportunistic opportunities in secondary market? Should you consider non-multifamily construction again but will the demand be there upon the project completion? Is medical office an asset class to consider?• Are prices starting to rise in some secondary cities? • Continued impact of tele-commuting • Repurposing opportunities • Pre-lease requirements • Impact of rising construction costs • Room for price growth
                            







Chris Fraley
 
President
Evolve
 





Brian Katz
 
President & COO
American Real Estate Partners
 





Peter Deanovic
 
Vice President
CarVal Investors
 





Nick Smith
 
Executive Vice President & Chief Investment Officer
First Potomac Realty Trust
 










8:40 AM  Buying Non-Performing Loans from Banks and Distressed Borrowers 


                            • Due diligence: What do you look for before purchase? • The securitization exit • NPLs in Europe • Sourcing opportunities • Current valuation, pricing and terms • What asset types? Geography? • Do you play in the residential markets? • Asset management • Do you buy preforeclosure? Do you foreclose? • Deficiency judgments and guarantors: Do you pursue?
                            







James Hisiger
 
Partner
Latham & Watkins
 





Joel Fogel
 
Principal
Archer Capital Management
 





Tom O'Connor
 
Partner and Chair of Real Estate Finance Group
Duval & Stachenfeld
 





James Ross
 
Principal & Managing Member
Rossrock, LLC
 





Douglas Hannah
 
Managing Director
Silverleaf Advisors LLC
 





Howard Fife
 
Principal
Westport Capital Partners, LLC
 










8:40 AM  LP/GP Panel: First Time, New & Emerging Fund Panel Investment & Fundraising Strategies 


                            • Investor due diligence • LP: How do you evaluate emerging managers? • Strategy and deal size • Going from JV operating partner to fund manager • What do you need in an LP eyes to be qualified to be an investment manager? • Advantages of being an investment manager • Getting the attention of consultants and fund-of-funds • Track record & role of operating partner in pre-fund deals? • What types of LPs are most actively investing in EMs today? • How interested are placement agents in supporting EMs? • Best format for an Emerging Manager (blind pool fund, separate account, club fund, single deal JVs)?
                            







James Seevers, Jr.
 
Partner
Hunton & Williams LLP
 





Robert Morse
 
Chairman
Bridge Investment Group Partners
 





Jerome Gates
 
Managing Director
Hamilton Lane
 





Erin Wicomb
 
Co-Founder & Managing Member
The Mavrix Group
 





Claire Woolston
 
Senior Consultant, Private Markets
New England Pension Consultants
 





Rodgers Harshbarger
 
Director, Private Investments
UNC Management Company
 










8:40 AM  Europe, the Next Shoe to Drop and Worldwide Risk-Adjusted Returns 


We’ve all gotten used to finding value-added returns without going further west than San Francisco or east of the Hamptons in the summer. As gateway city values are getting frothy should we consider getting on a plane to London, checking out Rio’s carnival, brushing up on our Chinese or getting out the black book of Indian joint venture partners? Meanwhile Europe continues to be Europe with Cypress, Greece and Whatever is next. Has Europe reached its low point and is now on the slow way back or is there another black swan waiting? 








Ruprecht Hellauer
 
Managing Director
Albulus Advisors Germany GmbH
 





Tony McGough
 
Chief Global Real Estate Strategist
BCA Research
 





Scott Koenig
 
Director
Deutsche Bank
 





Caroline McBride
 
Co-Founder and Chief Investment Officer
Forum Partners Investment Management LLC
 





Louis Klein
 
Founding Partner
IREO Management
 





Frederick Gortner
 
Managing Director-Chief Operating Officer
Paladin Realty Partners, LLC
 










8:40 AM  Refreshments Courtesy of: 













8:40 AM  Aggressive Asset Management: What Aggressive Postures Did you Take? 


                            • How much of your returns are due to active asset management? • Tenant retention issues where the new distressed buyer next door can charge less rent do to a lower cost • ESG… Does it really help? • How do your LPs evaluate asset management • How can you insure your 3rd-party property manager is aggressively managing your property? • International sustainability standards • How did you monetize the deals?
                            







Jeffrey Toporek
 
Principal
FD Stonewater
 





Joshua Herrenkohl
 
Principal
Ernst & Young LLP
 





Eric Rowen
 
Shareholder; Western Region Real Estate Litigation
Greenberg Traurig, LLP
 





Matt Bronfman
 
Chief Executive Officer
Jamestown Properties
 





Andrew Wood
 
Executive Director
Macquarie Group
 





David McLain
 
COO & Principal
Palisades Financial, LLC
 










8:40 AM  Bridge Loans & Other Interim Financing Methodologies 


                            • Origination & production • Structure • Legal & bankruptcy issues • Evaluating large, entity-level & multiple property bridge loans • Construction & development • Acquisition loans & bridge facilities• Secondary market trading
                            







Peter Locke
 
Principal
Spectrum Group Management, LLC
 





Brian Good
 
CEO and Founder
Eagle Group Fianance
 





Robert Moreyra
 
Co-Founder & Managing Principal
Forge Capital Partners, LLC
 





Yon Cho
 
Partner
Pacific Coast Capital Partners, LLC
 





Jonathan Daniel
 
CEO and Founder
Silo Financial Corp.
 










8:40 AM  Underwater Fund Options, Liquidity & Mergers 


                            • Has time improved your valuations enough that you have re-animated and are back to a functioning fund? • How are you keeping your fund alive? • Can’t raise a subsequent fund? What are your options? • Takeovers & fund injection terms • Keeping talent • The liquidation option • Role of institutional investor • Secondary market buyers pricing and structure • Liquidity concerns of different fund types • Structural issues when constructing the successor entity
                            







John Ferguson
 
Co-Chair, Real Estate Private Investment Funds Practice
Goodwin Procter LLP
 





Josh Cleveland
 
Partner
StepStone Group LP
 





Paul Mehlman
 
Partner
Landmark Partners
 





Allison Yager
 
Principal, Global Business & Investment Leader, Real Estate Boutique
Mercer
 










8:40 AM  Workout Strategies on a Property Level: The Owner's Perspective 


                            • Can’t get financing… Hand over the keys vs. restructure? • Working with banks and servicers • Determining how much cash to bring to the table to recap the property • Joint venture workouts & recaps • Lease renewals, restructuring & workouts • The latest on tranche warfare • Are sale prices on your distressed properties adequate?
                            







Gregory Nero
 
Executive Vice President, General Counsel
Sterling Equities
 





Gil Tenzer
 
Partner & Director of Real Estate
Contrarian Capital Management, LLC
 





Todd Eisner
 
Real Estate Partner
Duval & Stachenfeld
 





Andrew Gold
 
Partner
Herrick, Feinstein LLP
 





Michelle Kelban
 
Partner
Latham & Watkins
 










8:40 AM  Allocator vs. Operator 


                            • How are LPs treating the double promote structure? Would you share a single promote? What are the options? • Decision making & control • Fund-of-fund vs. allocator • Monitoring • Allocators: When do you choose a manager? When do you manage in-house? • International allocations
                            







John Ferguson
 
Co-Chair, Real Estate Private Investment Funds Practice
Goodwin Procter LLP
 





Robert Bellinger
 
President & CEO
ASB Real Estate Investments
 





Jody Kriss
 
Principal
East River Partners
 





Edward Pascual
 
Managing Director
Oak Pass Capital Management
 





Jonathan Schultz
 
Managing Principal
Onyx Equities, LLC
 





Nick Bienstock
 
Managing Partner
Savanna
 










8:40 AM  Recapitalizations & Refinancing 


                            • Debt overhang, workouts and the macro story • 3rd-party capital terms vs. bank terms • Office, retail, industrial, apartment, hotels: What is your favorite? Which one(s) won’t you underwrite? • Firm-wide recapitalization • Are landlords locking in lower rates?
                            







Chris Smith
 
Head of Global Real Estate 
Shearman & Sterling LLP
 





David Valger
 
President
DVO Real Estate
 





Bert Crouch
 
Managing Director
Invesco Real Estate
 





David Broderick
 
Partner
Latham & Watkins
 





Jonathan Daniel
 
CEO and Founder
Silo Financial Corp.
 










8:40 AM  Multifamily Investments: Do you Think There is Still Value to be Created Even at the Current High End of the Cycle? 


                            • Now that the new construction of the past few years are coming on-line will this put pressure on rental pricing? How about the impact of single family rentals? • Has the downtown trend been priced into the apartment market? • Time for B/C stock or markets?
                            







Jeffrey Goldberg
 
Managing Partner
The Milestone Group
 





Jonathan Bell
 
President
Bell Partners Inc.
 





Jay Martha
 
Managing Director-Property, North America
Henderson Global Investors
 





Jeff Meyers
 
President
Meyers Research LLC
 





Keith Rosenthal
 
President & CEO
Phoenix Realty Group
 










8:40 AM  Land & Homebuilding 


                            • Private equity public homebuilding plays • The pre-crash land overhang: Are all the good, urban and close-in properties gone? • What to do about the ex-urban properties • Is the action still in shovel-ready plots or is it going down the food chain? • How many homes does the US need? • Local market dynamics: Where should you go?
                            







Andrew Borsanyi
 
Principal
The Concord Group, LLC
 





Phil Mader
 
Managing Director
BlackRock
 





Brad Hunter
 
Chief Economist/Director of Consulting
Metrostudy | A Hanley Wood Company
 





Rodney Montag
 
CEO & Managing Partner
RAM Real Estate Capital
 





Glenn Watchorn
 
Chief Operating Officer
Tricon Capital Group Inc.
 










1:10 AM  Luncheon Courtesy of: 













8:40 AM  JV Structures, Negotiation Points & Operating Agreements: Are GPs Again Dictating Terms? 


                            • LP joint venture options • 2 deals at a time: The hybrid fund/joint venture structure • 50/50 vs. other structures • Waterfalls • Sale/dissolution terms • Identifying structural goals • Terms when a partner could seize control • Tax issues • Liability and indemnity • Options on how the venture will be managed • Decision making parameters • Multi-party JVs • Veto rights and deadlock voting • Club deal structures
                            







Minta Kay
 
Partner
Goodwin Procter LLP
 





Joel Breitkopf
 
Partner
Alchemy Properties, Inc.
 





Terri Adler
 
Chair of the Real Estate Practice Group
Duval & Stachenfeld
 





Stuart Mackintosh
 
Managing Director
European Investors Inc.
 





Scott Sabbagh
 
Managing Principal
Matrix Development, LLC
 





P.J. Yeatman
 
Head of Private Real Estate
CenterSquare Investment Management
 










8:40 AM  Making the First Close a Good Close & the Keys to Re-Upping Your Existing Investors 


                            • Identifying your cornerstone investor • Are re-ups more or less difficult? • What are the terms? • First mover concessions • Where is the push back? • Circling the lead investor ahead of time • LP–friendly amendments • When are you ready to announce your first close? • Investors due diligence requirements • What are the structural options that LPs want to see
                            







Bradford Lenox
 
Partner
Morris, Manning & Martin, LLP
 





Allen Ashley
 
Partner
DLA Piper
 





Jonathan Glick
 
Managing Director
Incubation Capital Partners LLC
 





Claiborne Johnston
 
Managing Director
Invesco Real Estate
 





Gary Block
 
Managing Director
The Meridian Group
 





Joan Hayden
 
Vice President & Corporate Counsel-PREI Law Dept.
PGIM Real Estate
 





Adam Lesnick
 
Counsel
Seward & Kissel LLP
 









General Session









3:10 AM  LP Asset & Real Estate Allocations 


                            • With such low bond market returns are you looking more toward real estate? • With core looking the same way are you considering more value added and opportunistic funds, and what are your internal institutional constraints? • Which RE sectors have the best upside potential on a ‘risk-adjusted’ basis? • Which RE sectors might be least damaged by any slowing growth / return to recession? • Impact of 3% Obama care rental tax • Fund vs. Direct vs. Separate Account vs. Club Deals
                            







Alan Kelly
 
Chief Financial Officer
U.S. Housing Investments
 





Pete Morin
 
Trustee
City of Austin Police Retirement System
 





Dan Spear
 
Vice President
Morgan Stanley Alternative Investment Partners
 





Ione Permison
 
Partner & Co-Head Quilvest Real Estate
Quilvest USA, Inc
 










8:40 AM  Leverage & Risk Management for the Private Real Estate Fund CIO and Portfolio Manager: Does Anyone Remember The Financial Crisis? 


                            • What type of leverage are you comfortable with? Why? • Product/geo specific leverage levels • Putting money into the high return space • Risk/Return comfort level • Changes over the past 5 years • How you can avoid if ’08 happened again? • Liquidity concerns • Fast and steady cash flows vs. taking risks with leverage • LP view on leverage
                            







Deborah Levinson
 
Partner
CohnReznick LLP
 





Bradford Wildauer
 
Partner, Head of US Debt Funds
AREA Property Partners
 





Sonny Kalsi
 
Founder and Partner
GreenOak Real Estate Advisors
 





Seth Singerman
 
President
Singerman Real Estate, LLC
 










8:40 AM  Wine & Cheese Reception 









8:40 AM  IMN’s 14th Annual US Real Estate Opportunity & Private Fund Investing Forum Concludes 












My Agenda

                Try out our new My Agenda feature. Save sessions of interest, print for onsite use and insert to calendar for auto reminders.
            




 
 



        NETWORK OPEN
    
 




Sign In
Email
Password
Remember me


   








Contact Information
INFORMATION MANAGEMENT NETWORK
1120 Avenue of the Americas, 6th Floor
                New York, NY 10036 USA

            Phone: +1 (212) 901-0506
(8:30 AM - 5:30 PM Eastern Time / Monday-Friday)

            E-mail:	mail@imn.org


Event Specific Contacts for 14th Annual US Real Estate Opportunity and Private Funds Investing Forum
                    



COOKIESThis page explains what cookies are, how we use them on the websites of the Euromoney Institutional Investor PLC group and your options for controlling them. Please note:Not all the cookies listed here will necessarily be used on each websiteWe will display our triangular red cookie prompt once when you visit each of our sites. If you send us a request as explained in the table below, this will apply to your use of all our sites so you only need to make one request.What are cookies?Cookies are pieces of information which include a unique reference code that a website transfers to your device to store and sometimes track information about you.  A number of cookies we use last only for the duration of your web session (“session cookies”) and expire when you close your browser. Other cookies are used, for example, to remember you when you return to the site and will last for longer (“persistent cookies”).  Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. They are uniquely assigned to your device and are sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit (if they last longer than a web session) or to another website that recognises that cookie.Some of the cookies used by our sites are set by us, and some are set by third parties who are delivering services (such as interest based advertising and web analytics) on our behalf.What do we use cookies for?Some cookies are essential to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website or areas with paid-for content. Without these cookies, services you have asked for, like shopping baskets, cannot be provided. Because such cookies are essential for using a site, these cookies cannot be turned off without severely affecting your use of the website.Other cookies perform various functions, as the table below explains, together with your options for controlling them.  Some cookies may also be controlled by using your web browser settings. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but, if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that or to notify you each time a cookie is set.You can also learn more about cookies in general by visiting www.allaboutcookies.org which includes additional useful information on cookies and how to block cookies using different types of browser.For more general information about online behavioural (interest based) advertising and how it uses cookies, you may wish to visit www.youronlinechoices.euOur cookies and your options:Type of cookieExampleWhat it doesYour optionsPerformanceBIGipServereuromoneyfxnews-poolThese cookies allow us to manage the technical performance of the website such as load balancing to ensure that the site is available to all users You may set your browser to reject these cookies but this is likely to affect your use of the siteFunctionalityISDefaultCurrencyThese cookies remember choices you make to improve your experience.  For example, they allow the website to remember selections such as language, currency, region or changes to text size and to remember you on return visits.  They may also be used, for example, to remember the point you have reached in a survey so that you can return to it later.  By choosing an option such as remember me, text size or participating in a survey or similar services that necessitate the use of a cookie, you will be indicating your consent to that cookie.   You may set your browser to reject these cookies but this is likely to affect your use of the siteActivity logging - websitesASP.NET_sessionIdThis cookie is essential to authorise your access to content and services that are not publicly available including paid-for content.  If you are a registered user, trialist or subscriber, when you log on, this places a cookie on your machine. Once you are logged on, we monitor your activity on our websites, for example, which articles you read.  This is for the following purposes: We need to ensure compliance with your user license and adherence to our terms and conditions as part of your trial or subscription.  (Our terms and conditions are published on our websites and can be accessed by a link in the footer of each page)For customer service purposes to provide users with a tailored service and to develop products and services reflecting our users’ needsIf you would prefer us not to use your activity log for customer service purposes, you can request that we anonymise it for these uses. This will affect our ability to understand your requirements and personalise your browsing experience in the future.Please note: If you are just browsing our sites without going through a log-in procedure, you will remain anonymous and we will not log your activity. To request anonymisation please email us at cookies@euromoneyplc.comPlease include the following details:Your user name  that you use to access our website(s) – this will be an email addressYour nameYour company nameThe Euromoney website(s)  you use  Third party cookies:Third partyWhat it doesWhere to go for further information on these cookies including turning them offDoubleClickDoubleClick is a service provided by Google.  Its cookies are used to serve advertising relevant to users’ interests and measure the effectiveness of online marketing campaigns for our sites.    http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ads/Google AnalyticsGoogle Analytics is a web analytics tool that helps us to understand how our users engage with our websites and so allows us to better tailor our websites to our users’ needs.The tool uses a cookie in order to evaluate use of content and compile reports for us on activity on our websites and Apps. https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptoutWebtrendsWebtrends is a web analytics tool that performs similar functions to Google Analytics in helping us to understand how our users engage with our websiteshttp://kb.webtrends.com/support/solutiondetail.aspx?Id=50140000000a79PAAQIf you would like further information or guidance on cookies, please contact us at cookies@euromoneyplc.com




TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE

            Below are the terms and conditions governing your use of EIMN, LLC ("IMN") this website and any products or services connected therewith. By using the website or services connected with the website, you acknowledge and agree to the following:

*Your Obligations. You represent and warrant that you have the capacity to agree to these Terms and you are at least eighteen (18) years of age. To the extent any individual accesses a Site or uses a Service as an employee, partner, director, agent or representative ("Agent") of any legal entity which is a Subscriber, the Agent warrants that he or she has authority to agree to these Terms on behalf of the relevant legal entity.

            You will procure that you and any licensed user under your subscription will: (a) comply with all applicable laws in relation to the site and services, including without limitation, laws relating to the use of Intellectual Property; (b) not use the site or the content outside the scope of permitted use and will not infringe any Intellectual Property or other rights in or relating to the site or the services or of any third party; (c) not copy, reproduce, recompile, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, upload, download, transmit, create derivative works from or otherwise exploit or tamper with the site or any software embodied in any site or service; (d) not prevent or restrict the use of any site or service by other authorized users nor hack into or cause damage to any server or other equipment operated by us; and (e) comply fully with these Terms.

*No IMN Warranties or Representations. IMN makes no warranty, express or implied, concerning any use of this website or any service or product provided in connection with this website. The services and products provided by IMN are provided on an "AS IS" basis. IMN disclaims any implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, including any warranty for the use or the results of the use of the products or services. IMN is not responsible for correcting, maintaining or updating the data and services made available on this website.

            Any material and analysis provided by or through IMN or this website is not a recommendation that must be followed or an offer, or solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any financial product; IMN does not recommend that you enter into a particular transaction or represent that any product or service described on this website is suitable for you or your company. Nor is any information displayed here promoting any particular financial product, service or trading strategy in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation, or trading strategy may be prohibited. As all prudent investors know, some transactions, including but without limitation, those involving high-yield securities, give rise to substantial risk and any investment decision you may make is your own. You should not enter into any transactions unless you have fully understood all such risks and have independently determined that such transactions are appropriate for you. Any discussion of the risks contained herein with respect to any product should not be considered to be a disclosure of all risks or complete discussion of the risks mentioned.

*Restricted Use. As a user of this website, you are not permitted to display, modify, copy, print or otherwise use the information made available to you here only for your own use. You are not permitted to publish, transmit, or otherwise make this information available in any format to any third party without the prior express written consent of IMN. You also are not permitted to change or remove any copyright (©), trademark (®, SM, TM) any other notices displayed with the information. IMN can modify the information at any time and for any reason at its sole discretion. Unless expressly stated otherwise herein, no rights are granted to you regarding the information on this website from IMN or any other source, including third party providers of information for this website, which shall under no circumstances be liable to you in any way.
            

*IMN Monitoring. Your use of the products and services on this Web site may be monitored by IMN in any lawful manner, and that the resulting information may be used by IMN for its internal business purposes or in accordance with the rules of any applicable regulatory or self-regulatory organization.
            

*Website or Internet failure. IMN shall have no liability, contingent or otherwise, to you or to third parties, or any responsibility whatsoever, for the failure of any connection or communication service to provide or maintain your access to this service, or for any interruption or disruption of such access or any erroneous communication between IMN and you. IMN also does not warrant or represent that the website shall be completely secure, specifically including without limitation, that no unauthorized person shall intercept or access information transmitted by you.
            

*Website Access. Access to this website is restricted by password and only authorized IMN registrants may use the website. Any unauthorized access shall be the responsibility of the Registrant and his or her company and IMN shall not be liable for any damages arising out of such unauthorized access. You agree to: (1) Keep your password confidential; (2) prohibit others from using your account; (3) refrain from using other Users’ accounts; (4) refrain from selling, trading, or otherwise transferring your account to another party; and (5) refrain from charging anyone for access to any portion of DirectConnect, or any information arising therefrom. You are also responsible for anything that happens through your account unless you can demonstrate that your account was accessed without your knowledge or fault.
            

*User Communication. To the extent permitted while using DirectConnect, you can use and participate in groups, free to post and delete comment on the website. You are solely responsible for your interactions with other users. IMN may limit the number of connections you may have to other users and may at its sole discretion prohibit you from contacting other users through use of the Services or otherwise limit your use of the Services.
            

            If you violate this Agreement while posting, that content may be removed without further notice or the rights of others posting here. Nothing you post here is confidential or proprietary and you are cautioned that other posters or viewers may use any information posted here. By posting here you agree that IMN is not responsible for the misappropriation or misuse of any information posted on this website.
            

*Privacy. Any submissions, including private personal information, like names, addresses and so on, are voluntary and you waive any and all rights you have to the protection of that information. By submitting ideas, suggestions, documents or other matter ("Submissions"), you agree that: (a) the Submissions are not confidential or proprietary information; (b) IMN has no obligation to keep the submissions confidential; (c) IMN can use or disclose the Submissions for any purpose, in any way, in any media worldwide; (d) if asked, you will irrevocably assign to IMN all rights to your Submissions; and (f) you are not entitled to any compensation of any kind from IMN under any circumstances.
            

*Content by Becoming a User of DirectConnect: As part of obtaining registration access to DirectConnect, unless you opt out, you may receive invitations to network from other conference attendees. We may also send you emails to keep you updated on developments in the site and services. Your registration for and/or subscription to such an email service and your use of the content received through these email services will be subject to these terms. You can unsubscribe to our email service by changing your email preferences on the website.
            

*License. If you comply with all your obligations under this Agreement, IMN grants you a limited, revocable, nonexclusive license and right to access the Services, through a generally available web browser, mobile device or application view information and use the web pages and in accordance with this Agreement for your use only. Any other use of DirectConnect is strictly prohibited. All rights not expressly granted in this Agreement, including, without limitation, title, ownership, intellectual property rights, and all other rights are retained by IMN.
            

*Anti-Hacking. You expressly agree not to use or attempt to use any "virus," "spyware," "malware," "adware," "Trojan horse" "deep-link," "scraper," "bot," "spider," "data-mining," "computer code" or any other automated device, program, tool, algorithm, process, or methodology or manual process having similar processes or functionality, to access, acquire, copy, or monitor any portion of this website or content. You also agree not to obtain or attempt to obtain through any means any materials or information on the website that have not been intentionally made available either by their public display on the Web Site or through their accessibility by a visible link or portal. You further agree not to violate the security of the website or attempt to gain unauthorized access to the website, data, materials, information, computer systems or networks connected to any server, through hacking, password mining or any other method.
            

*No Linkage. You expressly agree not to link or attempt to link to this website or the web pages contained herein.
            

*Third Party Information. Some of the information you access here is the property of third parties, made available here with the express permission of those third parties. IMN is not responsible for the content of any third party information provided on this website. You are cautioned that any further use of that information by you may be subject to the rights of those third parties and you may be required to obtain a license to use any such information. Failure to obtain third party permission may be a violation of federal law. You should contact the third party provider of the information to ascertain the requirements for using the information.
            

*Copyright and Trademarks. The layout of the website pages, graphics and pictures used and the collection of individual contributions are protected by copyright. All copyrights belong either to IMN, the third-party content providers or both. Either IMN or the third-party content providers own all trademarks and service marks depicted here.
            

*Indemnification. You agree to indemnify hold harmless and defend IMN, including our employees, officers, agents and contractors and our related entities and their employees, officers, partners, agents and contractors ("Indemnified") and continue to keep the Indemnified indemnified from and against any actions, proceedings, claims, demands, costs (on a full indemnity basis including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees) brought or made against the Indemnified by any person arising in connection with your use of the Website or content, or a breach of your representations and warranties in the Terms and Conditions of Use or this Agreement, or your violation of any of the Terms and Conditions of Use or this Agreement or any other activity in which you engage on or through, and from and against any damage, loss(whether personal or property, and whether direct or consequential, including without limitation consequential financial loss), cost or expense suffered or incurred by any Indemnified as a direct or indirect consequence thereof.
            

*Changes in Terms and Conditions. IMN may at any time revise the terms and conditions by which you may access the website or use IMN products or services. By using this website and IMN products and services, you agree to be bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to determine the then current version of this document.
            

*Limitation of Liability. Neither we, nor any of our suppliers, officers, employees, partners, affiliates, subsidiaries, successors and assigns, agents or representatives (our "Representatives") will be liable to you for:
            

            (a) any incidental, punitive, indirect, special or consequential damage, loss or expenses, including but not limited to any loss of business, contracts, revenue, or profits, any business interruption, security breach, loss of data, loss of goodwill or reputation or other pecuniary loss suffered by you, even if we or any of our Representatives have been advised of their possible existence; nor? (b) any direct damage loss or expenses arising from loss of customers, loss of profits, loss of anticipated profits or loss of savings.
            

*Termination. You may terminate this Agreement, for any or no reason, at any time, when IMN receives notice from you. IMN may terminate the Agreement and your account for any reason or no reason, at any time, with or without notice. This cancellation shall be effective immediately or as may be specified in the notice and may include disabling your current and future access to DirectConnect. IMN may also suspend or terminate this Agreement if you invite other users with whom you do not know to connect; abuse the any DirectConnect messaging services; creating multiple or false profiles; infringe on any intellectual property rights, violating any provisions in this Agreement, disparage IMN or its executives, Board members, affiliates, staff or other related entities or persons, or exhibit any other behavior that IMN, in its sole discretion, deems contrary to the purpose of the website.
            

*No Waiver. Failure by either party to exercise any right or remedy under these Terms does not constitute a waiver of that right or remedy.
            

*Entire Agreement. These terms (including any terms incorporated by reference in these terms), constitute the entire agreement between you and us with respect to your access to and use of the website or receipt of any service and supersede all prior agreements, negotiations and discussions between you and us relating to the same.
            

*Law and Jurisdiction. Where you visit, register and/or subscribe to a this site or related service (as indicated on this website or otherwise notified to you), these terms (and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with these terms, including non-contractual disputes or claims), to the maximum extent permissible under the law of the territory that you are located in, will be governed by the laws of the State of New York. Any action to enforce these terms shall be brought in a federal court or a state court located in the state of New York, county of New York, and you agree to submit yourself to the personal jurisdiction of those courts in any such action.
            

*Force Majeure. We shall not be deemed to be in breach of these Terms by reason of any delay in performing, or any failure to perform any service or our obligations in relation to these Terms, if the delay or failure was due to any cause beyond our reasonable control, including but not limited to acts of God, explosions, floods, fire or accident, war or threat of war, terrorism or threat of terrorism, sabotage, civil disturbance, epidemics, prohibitions or measures of any kind on the part of any governmental, parliamentary or local authority, import or export regulations or embargoes, or industrial actions or trade disputes (whether involving our employees or of third parties).
            

*Severability. If any provision of these Terms is found to be wholly or partially invalid, void or unenforceable by any court having competent jurisdiction or by virtue of any legislation or any other reason, that provision shall be invalid, void or unenforceable to that extent only and no further and the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of these Terms shall not be affected.
            

*Notices. Any notice given pursuant to these Terms shall be made by email or first class post, in the case of you, to the address provided on your registration form and, in the case of us, to the address posted on the website or otherwise notified to you in relation to any relevant service. Any such notice shall be deemed to have arrived if sent by post within three (3) days of posting and if sent by email at the time of transmission.
        



PRIVACY STATEMENT
Our Privacy Commitments

                Euromoney Institutional Investor PLC and Institutional Investor Inc. (together "we") respect the privacy of every person who visits, registers with or subscribes to our 
                websites and online publications ("you"), and are committed to ensuring a safe online experience.
                This Privacy Statement outlines the information we may collect about you in relation to your use of our websites and related publications and services ("personal data") and 
                how we may use that personal data. It also outlines the methods by which we and our service providers may (subject to necessary consents) monitor your online behaviour 
                in order to deliver customised advertisements and marketing materials and other tailored services. This Privacy Statement also tells you how you can verify the 
                accuracy of your personal data and how you can request that we delete or update it.
            
This Privacy Statement applies to all websites operated by us (as indicated on the relevant website) ("Sites"). For the purpose of this Privacy Statement 
                "group company" shall mean Euromoney Institutional Investor plc and any of its subsidiary companies, including, without limitation, Institutional Investor Inc. 
                Please note that the Sites may contain links to external sites and may contain advertisements for, and/or the opportunity for you to purchase products or services 
                from third parties. This privacy statement does not cover the activities of such third parties, and you should consult those third party sites' privacy policies for 
                information on how your data is used by them.By accessing and using the Sites you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Statement.
            

Information about us


                Our principal business activities are:
            

Business-to-Business Financial Publishing. We provide a range of products and services focused on international finance, metals, commodities, 
                    telecoms and emerging markets including magazines, newsletters, electronic information and data
Organisers of Seminars, Conferences, Training Courses and Exhibitions for the financial markets industry


                Euromoney Institutional Investor plc Company Address:
            

                Nestor House,
                Playhouse Yard,
                London EC4V 5EXUnited Kingdom
            

                Institutional Investor, Inc. Company Address:
            

                1120 Ave of the Americas, 6th floor
                New York, NY 10036
                USA
            

Name of the Data Controller


                The Data Controllers are Euromoney Institutional Investor plc and Institutional Investor Inc.
                Euromoney Institutional Investor plc is subject to the UK Data Protection Act 1998 and is registered in the UK with the Information Commissioner's Office.
            

Collection of Personal Data


                Our primary goal in collecting personal data from you is to give you an enjoyable customised experience whilst allowing us to provide services and 
                features that most likely meet your needs. We collect certain personal data from you, which you give to us when using our Sites and/or registering 
                or subscribing for our products and services. However, we also give you the option to access our Sites' home pages without subscribing or registering or 
                disclosing your personal data. We also collect certain personal data from other group companies to whom you have given information through their 
                websites (including, by way of example, Euromoney Institutional Investor plc and Institutional Investor Inc, in accordance with the purposes listed below).
                Please note that we do not intend to collect any personal data from children under thirteen years of age and no child under thirteen should submit any 
                personal data to any of the Sites. Should we discover that any such personal data has been delivered to any of the Sites, we will remove that information 
                as soon as possible.
            

Types of Personal Data Held and its Use

Customer Services and Administration

                At some Sites, Euromoney collects personal data such as your name, job title, work and/or home address, and telephone number and email address in order to 
                register you for access to certain content and subscriptions. This information may be supplemented with demographic information from your use of our Sites 
                such as your postal area, age, gender, purchasing preferences and interests. At other Sites, Euromoney may only collect broad demographic information 
                for aggregate use. This information is used to administer and deliver to you the products and/or services you have requested, to operate our Sites 
                efficiently and improve our service to you, and to retain records of our business transactions and communications. By using the Sites and submitting personal 
                information through the registration process you are agreeing that we may collect, hold, process and use your information (including personal information) for 
                the purpose of providing you with the Site services and developing our business, which shall include (without limitation) the purposes described 
                below in paragraphs 2 and 3.
            
 Monitoring use of our Sites

                Where, as part of our Site services, we enable you to post information or materials on our Site, we may access and monitor any information which you 
                upload or input, including in any password-protected sections. Subject to any necessary consents, we also monitor and/or record the different Sites you 
                visit and actions taken on those Sites, e.g. content viewed or searched for. If you are a registered user (e.g. a subscriber or taking a trial), when you 
                log on, this places a cookie on your machine. This enables your access to content and services that are not publicly available. Once you are logged on, 
                the actions you take - for example, viewing an article - will be recorded (subject to any necessary consents). We may use technology or a service provider 
                to do this for us. This information may be used for one or more of the following purposes:
            


to fulfil our obligations to you;
to improve the efficiency, quality and design of our Sites and services;
to see which articles, features and services are most read and used
to track compliance with our terms and conditions of use, e.g. to ensure that you are acting within the scope of your user licence;
for marketing purposes (subject to your rights to opt-in and opt-out of receiving certain marketing communications) - see paragraph 3 below;
for advertising purposes, although the information used for these purposes does not identify you personally. Please see paragraph 5 below for more details;
to protect or comply with our legal rights and obligations; and
to enable our journalists to contact and interact with you online in connection with any content you may post to our Sites.



                Please see paragraph 5 below for more information on cookies and similar technologies and a link to a page where you can turn them on or off.
            
 Marketing:

                Some of your personal data collected under paragraphs 1 and 2 above may be used by us and/or our other group companies and third party service 
                providers to contact you by email, fax, telephone and/or post for sending information or promotional material on our products and/or services and/or 
                those of our other group companies. We give you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving marketing communications and will in certain circumstances 
                need to obtain your consent before sending such communications to you. Further detail can be found on the applicable Site and in each marketing communication 
                sent by us, our group companies or service providers. See also "Consents and opt-outs" section below.
            
Trading in Personal Data:

                Some of your personal data may be collected and processed with the intention of selling it to other organisations, but this will not be 
                done unless you have given your consent (separately to this privacy statement).
            
Cookies and similar technologies

                All our Sites use cookies and similar technical tools to collect information about your access to the Site and the services we provide.
            

                Cookies are pieces of information which include a unique reference code that a website transfers to your device to store and 
                sometimes track information about you. A number of cookies we use last only for the duration of your web session and expire when 
                you close your browser. Other cookies are used to remember you when you return to the Site and will last for longer. Cookies cannot 
                be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. They are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a Web server in 
                the domain that issued the cookie.
            

                We may use cookies to:
            

remember that you have used the Site before; this means we can identify the number of unique visitors we receive to different parts of the Site. 
                    This allows us to make sure we have enough capacity for the number of users that we get and make sure that the Site runs fast enough;
                
remember your login session so you can move from one page to another within the Site;
store your preferences or your user name and password so that you do not need to input these every time you visit the Site;
customise elements of the layout and/or content of the pages of Site for you;
record activity on our Sites so that we understand how you use our Sites enabling us to better tailor our content, services and marketing to your needs;
collect statistical information about how you use the Site so that we can improve the Site; and
gather information about the pages on the Site that you visit, and also other information about other websites that you visit, so as to place you in a 
                    “market segment”. This information is only collected by reference to the IP address that you are using, but does include information about the county 
                    and city you are in, together with the name of your internet service provider. This information is then used to place interest-based advertisements 
                    on the Site which it is believed will be relevant to your market segment. For more information about this type of interest based advertising, and 
                    about how to turn this feature off please visit www.youronlinechoices.co.uk. 
                    (Please email us at cookies@euromoneyplc.com if you have any queries about cookies)


                Some of the cookies used by our Sites are set by us, and some are set by third parties who are delivering services (such as interest based advertising 
                directed at your market segment) on our behalf. To see a list of the cookies and similar technologies used on this Site and instructions on how to 
                turn them on and off click here. 
                (Please email us at cookies@euromoneyplc.com if you have any queries about cookies) 
            

                Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but, if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that or to notify you each time a cookie is set. 
                You can also learn more about cookies in general by visiting www.allaboutcookies.org 
                which includes additional useful information on cookies and how to block cookies using different types of browser. Please note however, that by blocking, deleting or 
                turning off cookies used on the Site you may not be able to take full advantage of the Site.
            

Email tracking: So that we can better understand our users' needs, we track responses to our emails - for example, to see which links are the 
                most popular in newsletters, and to log and follow up responses to our marketing messages. To do this, we use pixel GIFs, also known as "pixel tags" - these are 
                small image files that are placed within the body of our email messages. They enable us to tell if a message has been opened and to track click-throughs on links 
                within the message. Any other purposes for which Euromoney wishes to use your personal data will be notified to you and your personal data will not be used 
                for any such purpose without obtaining your prior consent.
            

Consents and opt-outs


                You can give your consent to or opt out of particular uses of your data as indicated above by:
            

Indicating at the point on the relevant Site where personal data is collected;
Informing us by email, post or phone; or
Updating your preferences on the applicable Site;


                For turning cookies and similar technologies on and off, see the information in paragraph 5 above.
            

Disclosures


                Information collected at one Site may be shared between Euromoney Institutional Investor plc, Institutional Investor Inc. and other group companies for the 
                purposes listed above. Your personal data may also be sold to other companies in the form of lists and directories, but only after permission from 
                you in accordance with the provisions above. We may also disclose your personal data to other third parties, including, without limitation, professional 
                advisers, or governmental or State institutions or regulatory authorities, where necessary in order to exercise or defend legal rights or where required by law.
            

                We may transfer, sell or assign any of the information described in this policy to third parties as a result of a sale, merger, consolidation, change of control, 
                transfer of assets or reorganisation of our business.
            

Public forums, message boards and blogs


                Some of our Sites make message boards, blogs or other facilities for user generated content available and users can participate in these facilities. 
                Any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should always be careful when deciding to disclose your personal information.
            

Transfers outside the EEA


                Services on the Internet are accessible globally so collection and transmission of personal data is not always limited to one country. 
                Euromoney Institutional Investor plc may transfer your personal data, for the purposes listed above, to other group companies, service providers or other 
                third parties which may be located in countries outside the European Economic Area, whose laws may not give the level of protection to personal data as within the UK. 
                This will include transfers to Institutional Investor Inc. in the US (and Institutional Investor Inc. will collect some data directly from you, in relation to the 
                Sites which it operates) and to third parties who provide us with email and marketing services. Where we conduct any transfers we will take all steps reasonably 
                necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
            
Confidentiality and Security of Your Personal Data
We are committed to keeping the data you provide us secure and will take reasonable precautions to protect your personal data from loss, misuse or alteration.
The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the 
                security of your data transmitted to our Site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and 
                security features described above to try to prevent unauthorised access. We have implemented information security policies, rules and technical measures to 
                protect the personal data that we have under our control from:

unauthorised access
improper use or disclosure
unauthorised modification
unlawful destruction or accidental loss

All our employees, contractors and data processors (i.e. those who process your personal data on our behalf, for the purposes listed above), who have access to, and 
                are associated with the processing of your personal data, are obliged to keep the information confidential and not use it for any other purpose than to carry out 
                the services they are performing for us. We also give you the option of using a secure transmission method to send us personal data identifiers, such as 
                credit card details and bank account number. How to Access, Update and Erase your Personal Information


                If you wish to know whether we are keeping personal data about you, or if you have an enquiry about our privacy policy or your personal data held by us, in 
                relation to any of the Sites, you can contact the Data Protection Officer via:
            

Postal mail to this address: Data Protection Officer, Euromoney Institutional Investor plc, Nestor House, Playhouse Yard, London EC4V 5EX, UK
Telephone: +44 (0)20 7779 8600
Email: 
dataprotectionofficer@euromoneyplc.com


Upon request, we will provide you with a readable copy of the personal data which we keep about you. We may require proof of your identity and may charge a 
                small fee (not exceeding the statutory maximum fee that can be charged) to cover administration and postage.
Euromoney allows you to challenge the data that we hold about you and, where appropriate in accordance with applicable laws, you may have your personal information:

erased
rectified or amended
completed

Changes to this Privacy Statement
We will occasionally update this Privacy Statement to reflect new legislation or industry practice, group company changes and customer feedback. 
                We encourage you to review this Privacy Statement periodically to be informed of how we are protecting your personal data.
This Privacy Statement was last updated in April 2012.






                This  email already exists, please use "Forgot Password" page to reset a password for an existing account.
                

(Click "Reset Password" button below and email with password reset instruction will be emailed to you.)







                This  email you entered is not in valid format.
                






Reset Password
Email






 







Limited Partnership Agreement Of Rxr Vaf Iii 1285 Co-investor Parallel Lp - Limited Partnership Agreement - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Limited Partnership Agreement     > LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF RXR VAF III 1285 CO-INVESTOR PARALLEL LP

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Limited Partnership Agreement Of Rxr Vaf Iii 1285 Co-investor Parallel Lp
Limited Partnership Agreement



You are currently viewing:
 This Limited Partnership Agreement involves NORTHSTAR/RXR NEW YORK METRO REAL ESTATE, INC. | 1285 INVESTOR NT-NSR, LLC | RXR Realty LLC | RXR VAF III 1285 Co-Investor Parallel LP | RXR VAF III 1285 GP LP | RXR VAF III GP LLC. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF RXR VAF III 1285 CO-INVESTOR PARALLEL LP Governing Law: Delaware      Date: 5/26/2016 Industry: Real Estate Operations        Sector: Services









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day










 
EXHIBIT 10.1


 


LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT

OF

RXR VAF III 1285 CO-INVESTOR PARALLEL LP

 

 

 

____________________________________________________________________________

 


THE INTERESTS ISSUED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES
ACT”), OR REGISTERED OR QUALIFIED UNDER THE APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES LAWS, IN RELIANCE UPON EXEMPTIONS FROM REGISTRATION AND
QUALIFICATION PROVIDED IN THE SECURITIES ACT AND THE APPLICABLE
STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED IN THE
ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT AND QUALIFICATION OR REGISTRATION UNDER THE APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES LAWS, OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE
ISSUER THAT SUCH REGISTRATION OR QUALIFICATION IS NOT
REQUIRED.


IN ADDITION, THE INTERESTS ISSUED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE SOLD
OR TRANSFERRED ONLY IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER
SET FORTH HEREIN.

 

 


 
 
 
 

11585382.7




  


 















 




TABLE OF
CONTENTS



Page




ARTICLE
I


GENERAL
PROVISIONS



1




ARTICLE
II


CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS



2




ARTICLE
III


FINANCING



9




ARTICLE
IV


ALLOCATIONS OF
PROFITS AND LOSSES



13




ARTICLE
V


DISTRIBUTIONS



16




ARTICLE
VI


MANAGEMENT



17




ARTICLE
VII


MEETINGS



24




ARTICLE
VIII


BOOKS, RECORDS
AND BANK ACCOUNTS



24




ARTICLE
IX


ASSIGNABILITY
OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS; SALE OF THE INVESTMENT



27




ARTICLE
X


DISSOLUTION AND
TERMINATION



29




ARTICLE
XI


INTENTIONALLY
OMITTED



32




ARTICLE
XII


MISCELLANEOUS



32





 




 




 





Annex
A


Capital
Commitments, Initial Capital Contributions and Percentage
Interests



 





Annex
B


Right of First
Offer



 






 




 




 






 




 




 






 

 


 
 

11585382.7




  


 

 

LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT
 

OF
 

RXR VAF III 1285 CO-INVESTOR PARALLEL LP

 


LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT, (the “ Agreement
”) dated as of May 20, 2016, of RXR VAF III 1285 Co-Investor
Parallel LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the “
Partnership ”) having an address at c/o RXR
Realty LLC, 625 RXR Plaza, Uniondale, NY 11556, by and among RXR
VAF III 1285 GP LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the “
General Partner ”), and any persons admitted to
the Partnership in accordance with the terms of this Agreement as
limited partners (each, a “ Limited Partner
”). The Limited Partners of the Partnership and the General
Partner are hereinafter sometimes referred to collectively as the
“ Partners ” and each of them
individually as a “ Partner .” Certain
capitalized terms used herein are defined in Article II.

Background

 


WHEREAS, the General Partner formed the Partnership pursuant to the
provisions of the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act,
as amended from time to time (the “ Act
”), by causing the Certificate of Limited Partnership of the
Partnership to be filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on May
18, 2016, pursuant to Section 17-201 of the Act (as may be amended
or restated from time to time hereafter, the “
Certificate of Limited Partnership
”);


WHEREAS, the Partnership will own certain indirect interests in the
real property commonly known as 1285 Avenue of the Americas (the
“ Investment ”); and


WHEREAS, the Partners desire to be admitted to the Partnership and
to set forth the terms, covenants and conditions governing or
pertaining to the Partnership, as hereinafter provided in this
Agreement.


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the mutual
agreements herein contained and other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE I 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS


1.01. Formation of the Partnership . The Partners hereby
agree to form and maintain a Limited Partnership pursuant to the
Act and this Agreement. The General Partner shall have the
authority (i) to execute, file and record any amendments to, or
restatements of, the Certificate of Limited Partnership, any
fictitious name certificates and/or other documents to comply with
the laws of the State of Delaware, and any other jurisdiction in
which the Partnership shall carry on its business and (ii) to
designate and authorize any third party who need not be a Partner
of the Partnership to execute, file and record any such amendments,
restatements, certificates and/or other documents.

 


 
 

11585382.7




 


 



1.02. Name and Principal Office of the Partnership . The
Partnership shall be conducted under the name of RXR VAF III 1285
Co-Investor Parallel LP, or any other name the General Partner may
determine. Its principal office shall be located at c/o RXR Realty
LLC, 625 RXR Plaza, Uniondale, NY 11556, or at such other places
within the United States as the General Partner may
determine.


1.03. Business of the Partnership .


(a)    The business and purposes of the
Partnership shall be to (i) acquire, own, finance, refinance
and manage equity interests in RXR VAF III 1285 Vehicle LP, which
owns certain indirect interests in the Investment and (ii) do such
other acts as the General Partner may deem necessary or advisable
in connection with the foregoing.


(b)    In order to carry out the business and
purposes set forth in Section 1.03(a) hereof, the Partnership shall
have the power to do all and everything necessary, suitable or
proper for the accomplishment of or in furtherance of any of the
purposes set forth herein, and to do every other act or acts, thing
or things, incidental or appurtenant to or arising from or
connected with any of such purposes.


(c)    The Partnership shall not engage in any
business other than as provided in this Section 1.03.


1.04. Term of the Partnership . The term of the Partnership
(the “ Term ”) commenced effective upon
the filing of the Certificate of Limited Partnership of the
Partnership with the Delaware Secretary of State on May 18, 2016
and shall continue in full force and effect until the earlier
of:


(a)    the date that the Partnership is
dissolved in accordance with the provisions of Article X hereof;
and


(b)    the date of the sale or disposition of
the Investment.


1.05. Partners .


(a)    The General Partner of the Partnership
shall be RXR VAF III 1285 GP LP. Except as expressly provided in
this Agreement, no other Person shall be admitted as an additional
or substitute General Partner of the Partnership.


(b)    The Limited Partners of the Partnership
shall be listed in the books and records of the Partnership. Except
as expressly provided in this Agreement, no Person shall be
admitted as an additional or substitute Limited Partner of the
Partnership.
 
ARTICLE II 
 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS


For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the
following meanings:


“Act” shall have the meaning set forth in the
Background Section.

 



2
 

11585382.7




 


 



“Adjusted Capital Account Deficit” shall mean, with
respect to any Partner, the deficit balance, if any, in such
Partner’s Capital Account as of the end of the relevant tax
year, after giving effect to the following adjustments:


(i)    credit to such Capital Account any
amounts which such Partner is obligated to restore pursuant to any
provision of this Agreement or is deemed to be obligated to restore
pursuant to Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(c) of the Regulations or
the penultimate sentences of Sections 1.704-2(g)(1) and (i)(5) of
the Regulations; and


(ii)    debit to such Capital Account the items
described in Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), (5) and (6) of the
Regulations.


The foregoing definition of “Adjusted Capital Account
Deficit” is intended to comply with the provisions of Section
1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) of the Regulations and shall be interpreted
consistently therewith.


“Adjusted Capital Contributions” means, with respect to
each Partner, the total amount of Capital Contributions made by
such Partner pursuant to Sections 3.01, 3.02(a), 3.02(b), 3.02(c),
3.03 (excluding any Capital Contributions returned to existing
Limited Partners pursuant to such Section) and 10.02, less any Net
Distributable Cash and other amounts distributed to such Partner
pursuant to Section 5.01(a).


 “Affiliate” means, with reference to a Person,
(i) any Person directly or indirectly Controlling, Controlled by or
under common Control with such Person, (ii) any Person owning or
controlling ten percent (10%) or more of the outstanding voting
securities or beneficial interests of such Person, (iii) any
officer, director, partner, manager, general trustee or anyone
acting in a substantially similar capacity as to such Person; and
(iv) any Person who is an officer, director, general partner,
trustee, or holder of ten percent (10%) or more of the voting
securities or beneficial interests of any of the foregoing;
provided that any separate investment account, feeder fund,
alternative investment vehicle or similar Person that is managed by
the General Partner or its Affiliates shall not be considered an
Affiliate of the General Partner or its Affiliates in any
circumstance or for any purpose under this Agreement in which the
determination as to any action, decision or vote to be effected is
actually made or approved by the Person or Persons who are not
themselves the General Partner or an Affiliate of the General
Partner (without regard to whether such action, decision or vote to
be effected is actually effected by the General Partner or its
Affiliate); provided further that 1285 Investor NT-NSR, LLC shall
not be considered an Affiliate of RXR for purposes of this
Agreement.


“Agreement” means this Limited Partnership Agreement of
the Partnership, as may be amended or restated in accordance with
the terms hereof.


 “Authorized Representative” shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 12.12(a).


“Budget Act” means the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015
(P.L. 114-74).


“Business Day” shall mean any day other than (a)
Saturday or Sunday and (b) any other day on which banks
located in New York City are required or authorized by law to
remain closed.

 



3
 

11585382.7




 


 



“Capital Account” shall mean an account for each
Partner which shall consist of its initial Capital Contribution to
the Partnership as described in Section 3.01 hereof, and shall be
increased by:


(a)    the amount of additional cash or other
property (net of liabilities assumed by the Partnership and
liabilities to which such contributed property is subject)
contributed, or deemed to be contributed, by such Partner to the
Partnership in accordance with this Agreement; and


(b)    the amount of Profit and other items of
income and gain allocated to such Partner pursuant to
Article IV hereof;

and shall be decreased by :


(c)    the amount of Loss and other items of
deduction or loss allocated to such Partner pursuant to
Article IV hereof;


(d)    the amount of cash distributed to such
Partner in accordance with this Agreement; and


(e)    the fair market value of property other
than cash distributed to such Partner (net of liabilities assumed
by such Partner and liabilities to which such distributed property
is subject).


The Capital Account of each Partner shall be further adjusted as
set forth in this Agreement. No Partner shall be required to
restore any negative balance in its Capital Account except as
otherwise provided herein. In the event that all or a portion of a
Partnership Interest in the Partnership is transferred in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the transferee shall
succeed to the Capital Account of the transferor to the extent it
relates to the transferred Partnership Interest.

“Capital Call Notice” shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 3.02(a).


“Capital Commitment” means, with respect to any
Partner, the capital commitment of such Partner set forth on
Annex A hereto, as the same may be amended from time to
time.


“Capital Contributions” means the contributions made to
the Partnership by the Partners in respect of their Capital
Commitments.


 “Certificate of Limited Partnership” shall have
the meaning set forth in the Background Section.


“Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended from time to time.


“Company Act” shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 9.01(a)(ii).


“Continuing Liability” shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 10.02(a).


“ 
Control” means the power to direct or cause the direction of
the management or policies of a company whether through ownership
of securities, by contract or otherwise, and
“Controlling” and “Controlled” shall be
interpreted accordingly.

 



4
 

11585382.7




 


 



“Defaulting Partner” shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 3.02(c).


“Due Date” shall have the meaning set forth in Section
3.02(b).


“ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974, as amended.


“Event of Dissolution” shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 10.01(a).


“Event of Withdrawal” means, with respect to any
Partner, the death, incapacity, dissolution, expulsion, withdrawal,
insolvency or bankruptcy of such Partner. For the purposes of this
Agreement, the “bankruptcy” of a Partner shall be
deemed to occur only (i) when the Partner shall file a voluntary
petition in bankruptcy, or shall be adjudicated bankrupt or
insolvent, or shall file any petition or answer seeking for itself
any reorganization, arrangement, composition, readjustment,
liquidation, dissolution or similar relief under any present or
future statute, law or regulation, or shall file any answer
admitting (or shall fail to contest) the material allegations of
petition filed against such entity in any such proceeding or shall
seek or consent to or acquiesce in the judicial appointment of any
trustee, fiscal agent, receiver or liquidator of such entity or of
all or any substantial part of its properties or shall take any
action looking to its dissolution or liquidation; or (ii) if,
within sixty (60) days after the commencement of an action against
the Partner seeking any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement,
composition, readjustment, liquidation, dissolution or similar
relief under any present or future statute, law or regulation, such
action shall not have been dismissed or all orders or proceedings
thereunder affecting the operations or the business of such entity
stayed, or if the stay of any such order or proceeding thereafter
shall be set aside, or if, within sixty (60) days after the
judicial appointment without the consent or acquiescence of such
entity of any trustee, fiscal agent, receiver or liquidator of such
entity or of all or any substantial part of its properties, such
appointment shall not have been vacated. For purposes of this
Agreement, the “insolvency” of a Partner shall be
deemed to occur only when the Partner shall make an assignment for
the benefit of creditors or shall admit in writing that its assets
are insufficient to pay its liabilities as they come
due.


“Excess Nonrecourse Liability” means an “excess
nonrecourse liability” within the meaning of Section 1.752-3
(a) (3) of the Regulations.


“Fiscal Year” shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 8.01.


“Fund General Partner” means the general partner of the
VAF III Partnerships.


“General Partner” shall have the meaning set forth in
the first paragraph hereof.


“Gross Asset Value” means, with respect to any asset,
the asset’s adjusted basis for federal income tax purposes,
except as follows:


(i)    the initial Gross Asset Value of any
asset contributed by a Partner to the Partnership shall be the
gross fair market value of such asset at the time of such
contribution as reasonably determined by the General
Partner;


(ii)    the Gross Asset Values of all
Partnership assets may, in the sole discretion of the General
Partner, be adjusted to equal their respective gross fair market
values, as reasonably determined by the General Partner, as of the
following times: (a)

 



5
 

11585382.7




 


 



the acquisition of an additional interest in the Partnership by any
new or existing Partner in exchange for more than a de minimis
Capital Contribution; (b) the distribution by the Partnership to a
Partner of more than a de minimis amount of Partnership property as
consideration for an interest in the Partnership; (c) the grant of
an interest in the Partnership (other than a de minimis interest)
as consideration for the provision of services to or for the
benefit of the Partnership by an existing Partner acting in a
Partner capacity, or by a new Partner acting in a Partner capacity,
or in anticipation of becoming a Partner; and (d) the liquidation
of the Partnership within the meaning of Section
1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(g) of the Regulations;


(iii)    the Gross Asset Value of any
Partnership asset distributed to any Partner shall be the gross
fair market value of such asset on the date of distribution, as
reasonably determined by the General Partner; and


(iv)    the Gross Asset Values of Partnership
assets shall be increased (or decreased) to reflect any adjustments
to the adjusted basis of such assets pursuant to Code Section
734(b) or Code Section 743(b), but only to the extent that such
adjustments are taken into account in determining Capital Accounts
pursuant to Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m) of the Regulations and
Article V hereof; provided , however , that Gross
Asset Values shall not be adjusted pursuant to this clause (iv) to
the extent the General Partner determines that an adjustment
pursuant to clause (ii) above is necessary or appropriate in
connection with a transaction that would otherwise result in an
adjustment pursuant to this clause (iv).


If the Gross Asset Value of an asset has been determined or
adjusted pursuant to clause (i), (ii) or (iv) above, such Gross
Asset Value shall thereafter be adjusted in the same manner as
would the asset’s adjusted basis for federal income tax
purposes, except that depreciation deductions shall be computed
based on the asset’s Gross Asset Value as so determined,
rather than on its adjusted tax basis.


“Indemnitees” shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 6.03(a).


“Initial Closing Date” means May 20, 2016.


“Investment” shall have the meaning set forth in the
Background Section.


“Limited Partner” shall have the meaning set forth in
the first paragraph hereof.


“Majority (or other specified percentage) in Interest of the
Limited Partners” means, at any time, those Limited Partners
(excluding Defaulting Partners) having Percentage Interests in the
aggregate in excess of fifty percent (50%) (or other specified
percentage) of the aggregate Percentage Interests of all the
Limited Partners (excluding Defaulting Partners) in the
Partnership.

 


“Modifications” shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 6.01(e)(iv).


“Net Distributable Cash” shall mean the sum of :
(w) the Partnership’s share of cash distributions which
the Partnership receives from its interest in the Investment or any
other of the Partnership’s assets and holdings (including any
amounts released from Partnership Reserves), together with any net
proceeds or other cash from the financing, refinancing or sale of
its interest in the Investment or any Partnership Affiliate, or
from any other source, and (x) any income earned

 



6
 

11585382.7




 


 



on its cash holdings from temporary investments, reduced by
the sum of: (y) any expenses and liabilities incurred by the
Partnership and (z) any amounts added to Reserves. “Net
Distributable Cash” shall not be reduced by depreciation,
amortization, cost recovery deductions or similar non-cash
allowances.


“Non-Defaulting Partner” shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 3.02(c).


“Nonrecourse Debt” means any Partnership liability to
the extent that no Partner or related person bears the economic
risk of loss for such liability under Section 1.752-2 of the
Regulations.


“Nonrecourse Deductions” shall be determined as set
forth in Section 1.704-2 (b) (1) of the Regulations.


“Nonrecourse Liability” shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 1.704-2(b)(3) of the Regulations.


“Notice Date” shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 3.02(b).


“Partner” or “Partners” shall have the
meaning in the first paragraph hereof.


“Partner Nonrecourse Debt” shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 1.704-2 (b) (4) of the Regulations.


“Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain” shall be
determined as set forth in Section 1.704-2 (i) (2) of the
Regulations, and, as provided therein, shall generally be the
amount, with respect to each Partner Nonrecourse Debt, equal to the
Partnership Minimum Gain that would result if such Partner
Nonrecourse Debt were treated as a Nonrecourse Debt.


“Partner Nonrecourse Deductions” shall be determined in
the manner set forth in Section 1.704-2 (i) (1) of the
Regulations.


“Partnership” shall have the meaning set forth in the
first paragraph hereof.


“Partnership Interest” means, with respect to each
Partner, its total economic interest in the Partnership as a
Partner, including its right to receive distributions of Net
Distributable Cash and allocations of Profit and Loss in accordance
with this Agreement.


“Partnership Minimum Gain” shall be determined as set
forth in Section 1.704-2 (b) (2) of the Regulations.


“Percentage Interest” means, as to each Partner, the
percentage determined by dividing (i) the total Capital
Contributions made by such Partner to the Partnership pursuant to
the terms of this Agreement, by (ii) an amount equal to the
total Capital Contributions made by all of the Partners to the
Partnership pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, provided that,
for the avoidance of doubt, capital contributions shall exclude any
Priority Capital Contributions.


“Person” means a corporation, an association, a
partnership (general or limited), a joint venture, an estate, a
trust, a limited liability company, a limited liability
partnership, any other legal entity, or an individual.

 



7
 

11585382.7




 


 



“Principal” means any of Scott Rechler, Michael Maturo
or Jason Barnett (collectively,
“Principals”).


“Priority Capital Contribution” shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 3.02(g).


“Profits” and “Losses” mean, for each
taxable year or other period, an amount equal to the
Partnership’s taxable income or loss for such year or period,
determined in accordance with Code Section 703(a) (for this
purpose, all items of income, gain, loss or deduction required to
be stated separately pursuant to Code Section 703(a)(1) shall be
included in taxable income or loss), with the following
adjustments:

(i)    any income of the Partnership that is
exempt from federal income tax and not otherwise taken into account
in computing Profits and Losses shall be added to such taxable
income or loss;

(ii)    any expenditures of the Partnership
described in Code Section 705(a)(2)(B) or treated as Code Section
705(a)(2)(B) expenditures pursuant to Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(i)
of the Regulations, and not otherwise taken into account in
computing Profits or Losses shall be subtracted from such taxable
income or loss;

(iii)    if the Gross Asset Value of any
Partnership asset is adjusted pursuant to clause (ii), (iii) or
(iv) of the definition of Gross Asset Value herein, the amount of
such adjustment shall be taken into account as gain or loss from
the disposition of such asset for purposes of computing Profits or
Losses;

(iv)    gain or loss resulting from any
disposition of Partnership property with respect to which gain or
loss is recognized for federal income tax purposes shall be
computed by reference to the Gross Asset Value of the property
disposed of, notwithstanding that the adjusted tax basis of such
property differs from its Gross Asset Value;

(v)    depreciation or other cost recovery
deductions shall be computed based upon the Gross Asset Values of
the Partnership’s assets rather than upon such assets’
adjusted bases for U.S. federal income tax purposes; and

(vi)    notwithstanding any other provisions
hereof, any items which are specially allocated pursuant to Article
IV hereof shall not be taken into account in computing Profits or
Losses.


“Records” shall have the meaning set forth in Section
8.03(a).


“Regulations” means regulations, proposed regulations,
and temporary regulations promulgated under the Code from time to
time.


“Removal Event” shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 6.02(b).


“Reserves” means any reserves established or increased
for the payment of Partnership expenses or liabilities, in such
amounts and for such reasons as reasonably determined by the
General Partner.

 



8
 

11585382.7




 


 



“RXR” means RXR Realty LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company, and its successors whether by way of merger,
business combination, sale of assets, reincorporation,
consolidation, recapitalization, liquidation, amalgamation or
similar transaction or otherwise.


“Security Instruments” shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 6.01(e)(iii).


“Subsequent Closing” means a closing which occurs after
the date hereof at which any existing Partner increases its Capital
Commitment, or any additional Limited Partner is admitted to the
Partnership in respect of a Capital Commitment.


“Tax Distributions” shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 5.04.


“Term” shall have the meaning set forth in Section
1.04.


“Transfers” shall have the meaning set forth in Section
9.01(a).


“VAF III Partnership Agreements” means, collectively,
the operating agreements of the VAF III Partnerships.


“VAF III Partnerships” means, collectively, RXR Real
Estate Value Added Fund – Fund III LP, RXR RE VAF –
Fund III Parallel A LP, RXR RE VAF – Fund III Parallel B LP
and RXR RE VAF – Fund III Parallel B (REIT) LP.


“Withdrawing Partner” shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 9.02.
 
ARTICLE III 
 
FINANCING


3.01. Capital Commitments and Initial Capital Contributions of
the Partners .


(a)    The General Partner’s Capital
Commitment and initial Capital Contribution are set forth on
Annex A to this Agreement.


(b)    The names of the initial Limited
Partners and their respective Capital Commitments and initial
Capital Contributions are set forth on Annex A to this
Agreement.


3.02. Additional Capital Contributions; Loans


(a)    Within 10 Business Days after written
notice from the General Partner (a “ Capital Call
Notice ”), the Partners shall (i) be required to fund
additional Capital Contributions in satisfaction of their
respective Capital Commitments, proportionately in relation to each
Partner’s unfunded Capital Commitment and (ii) to the extent
the General Partner is requesting additional Capital Contributions
that would result in a Partner making aggregate Capital
Contributions in excess of such Partner’s Capital Commitment,
have the option to fund such requested additional Capital
Contribution. The General Partner may deliver Capital Call Notices
for operating expenses, liabilities or other obligations of the
Partnership.


(b)    If any Partner fails to contribute the
full amount of any additional Capital Contributions required to be
made pursuant to Section 3.02(a)(i) on or prior to the date
on

 



9
 

11585382.7




 


 



which the additional Capital Contributions are required to be made
(the “ Due Date ”), but
contributes its full share within ten (10) days after the date
notice is given to such Partner of that failure (the “
Notice Date ”), such Partner
shall also pay to the Partnership in addition to such additional
Capital Contribution, an amount equal to the sum of (A) an amount
equivalent to interest for the period beginning with the Due Date
and ending with the date such contribution is made by such Partner
at a rate equal to fifteen percent (15%) per annum, not to exceed
the maximum amount permitted by law, during such period on the full
amount contributed, and (B) any additional actual out-of-pocket
costs required to be paid or incurred directly or indirectly by the
Partnership as a result of that Partner’s failure to make
such additional Capital Contributions on or prior to the Due
Date.


(c)    If any Partner fails to contribute the
full amount of any additional Capital Contributions required to be
made pursuant to Section 3.02(a)(i), within ten (10) days after the
Notice Date, the General Partner may elect, in its sole discretion,
that such Partner shall be a Defaulting Partner (the “
Defaulting Partner ”) as of that tenth day, in
which case, the General Partner may elect to exercise one or more
of the following remedies with respect to such Defaulting
Partner:


(i)    Such Defaulting Partner shall forfeit
all of its voting, approval and similar rights under this
Agreement.


(ii)    The General Partner shall have the
right, on behalf of the Partners other than the Defaulting Partner
(the “ Non - Defaulting
Partners ”), exercisable by notice from the
General Partner to the Defaulting Partner to cause the Partnership
to pursue any available legal remedies against the Defaulting
Partner to collect the additional Capital Contributions and any
other damages (including consequential damages).


(iii)    The General Partner shall have the
right to lend (or to permit another Person to lend), to the
Defaulting Partner the amount of such additional Capital
Contribution that was not made timely by the Defaulting Partner,
the proceeds of which loan are to be paid to the Partnership on
behalf of the Defaulting Partner as an additional Capital
Contribution by the Defaulting Partner. Any loan under this clause
(iii) shall be a recourse loan to the Defaulting Partner, and shall
bear interest, compounded monthly, at the rate equal to twenty
percent (20%) per annum, not to exceed the maximum interest rate
permitted by law, from the Due Date until the date of repayment.
Repayment of any such loan by the Defaulting Partner shall be
effected by causing the Partnership to pay directly to the Persons
who shall have made the loan, all distributions otherwise payable
to the Defaulting Partner under this Agreement as and when payable,
instead of making such distributions to the Defaulting Partner
(with such distributions being deemed for all purposes to have been
made to the Defaulting Partner and then paid by the Defaulting
Partner to the Persons who shall have made the loan). Any payments
made with respect to the foregoing loans shall first be applied to
accrued but unpaid interest, and then be deemed a repayment of
principal. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this clause
(iii), the Defaulting Partner shall be personally liable for the
payment of interest and the repayment of principal on any such loan
contemplated by this clause (iii).


(iv)    The General Partner shall have the
right to cause the Percentage Interest, Capital Commitment,
Adjusted Capital Contribution and Capital Account of such
Defaulting Partner to be reduced to zero (or to such other amount
as determined by the General Partner) and to reallocate the balance
in such Capital Account

 



10
 

11585382.7




 


 



to the Capital Accounts of all other Partners pro rata in
accordance with their Percentage Interests.


(d)    Intentionally Omitted.


(e)    The provisions of this Section 3.02 are
not intended to be for the benefit of any creditor or other Person
(other than a Partner) to whom any debts, liabilities or
obligations are owed by, or who otherwise has any claim against,
the Partnership or any of the Partners; and no such creditor or
other Person shall obtain any right under any such provision or by
reason of any such liability, obligation or otherwise against the
Partnership or any of the Partners. No Partner shall be required to
make any loans or Capital Contributions to the Partnership other
than as provided for in Section 3.01, Section 10.02 and this
Section 3.02.


(f)    Subject to Section 5.05 and Section
10.02, or as otherwise required by law, no Partner shall be
required to return any distributions received by such Partner from
the Partnership. No Partner shall have the right to withdraw any
part of his Capital Contributions, or receive any distribution or
consideration for the fair value of its Partnership Interest,
except as specifically provided in this Agreement. Except as
specifically provided in this Agreement, no time has been agreed
upon for the return of any Partner's Capital Contributions. No
Partner shall at any time withdraw from the Partnership except as
expressly provided in this Agreement. No Partner shall receive
interest on its Capital Contribution to the Partnership. At no time
during the term of the Partnership or upon dissolution and
liquidation thereof shall any Partner with a negative balance in
its Capital Account have any obligation to the Partnership or the
other Partners to eliminate or restore such negative
balance.


(g)    If, under the terms of any loan to the
Partnership or any entity established by the Partnership for the
purpose of acquiring or owning an Investment, any Principal or an
Affiliate thereof is required to make any payments under any
guarantees, indemnity agreements or other Investment loan documents
not attributable to personal actions of the Principal outside the
scope of the General Partner’s authority in this Agreement,
and giving rise to liability under any guaranty, indemnity, or
similar agreement executed by the Principal or an Affiliate
thereof, then each such payment shall be deemed to be a “
Priority Capital Contribution ” made by the
General Partner to the Partnership; provided, however, that prior
to any Principal or Affiliate making any such Priority Capital
Contribution, the Partnership shall request that the Limited
Partners fund any such payment pro rata in accordance with their
Percentage Interests, and a Priority Capital Contribution shall
only be made in the amount that has not been so funded by the
Limited Partners; provided further, that if the General Partner
determines in its reasonable discretion that the payment is
required to be funded in a time frame that would not permit the
General Partner to call additional Capital Contributions while
enabling the Principal or Affiliate to comply with its obligations
under the applicable agreement, the Principal or Affiliate may make
such Priority Capital Contribution and subsequently request that
the Limited Partners reimburse the Principal or Affiliate for such
Priority Capital Contribution, in which case, the amount so
reimbursed shall not be entitled to the preferred return described
in the following sentence. Unpaid Priority Capital Contributions
shall be entitled to a ten percent (10%) preferred return thereon,
compounded annually, which return shall be treated as a guaranteed
payment within the meaning of Section 707(c) of the Code. Priority
Capital Contributions and the preferred return thereon may only be
paid out of Net Distributable Cash, to the extent it is available,
and before any other distributions of Net Distributable Cash are
made pursuant to Section 5.01. In the event that any Priority
Capital Contributions are deemed to have been made pursuant to this
Section 3.02(g), then, notwithstanding the provisions of
Article

 



11
 

11585382.7




 


 



V, Net Distributable Cash shall first be distributed to the General
Partner until it receives, pursuant to this Section 3.02(g), an
amount equal to its Priority Capital Contributions together with
the preferred return accrued thereon. Priority Capital
Contributions shall not increase the General Partner’s
Percentage Interest and therefore shall not dilute the Percentage
Interests of the Limited Partners. Promptly after any Priority
Capital Contribution is made, the General Partner shall give
written notice to the Advisory Committee of such Priority Capital
Contribution.


3.03. Admission of Additional Partners . If the Partnership
requires additional funds in excess of the Limited Partners’
Capital Commitments, the General Partner shall request such funds
from the Limited Partners, pro rata based on their Percentage
Interests; provided that the Limited Partners shall have no
obligation to make any additional Capital Contributions in excess
of their Capital Commitments. If, after making a request for funds
in excess of the Capital Commitments of the Limited Partners as
provided in the previous sentence, the Limited Partners have
declined to fund such excess in full, and the General Partner
determines that additional funds are needed, the General Partner,
in its sole discretion, shall have the right, subject to Section
9.01(e), to admit additional Partners to the Partnership, or to
permit an existing Partner to increase its Capital Commitment, in
one or more Subsequent Closings without the consent of the Partners
in accordance with the terms of this Section 3.03. The Partners
hereby consent to such admission of the additional Partners and/or
the increase in the Capital Commitment of other existing Partners
after the date hereof and agree to take all reasonable actions
requested by the General Partner to effectuate the same. Unless
there has been a material change or significant events relating to
an Investment which would justify an increased valuation in the
reasonable determination of the General Partner, such Partner
participating in a Subsequent Closing will (A) remit to the
Partnership upon such admission or increase an amount equal to the
product of (i) a fraction, the numerator of which equals the
additional Partner’s Capital Commitment or the increase in
the existing Partner’s Capital Commitment, as the case may
be, and the denominator of which equals the Capital Commitments of
all Partners (including the Capital Commitments of all additional
Partners and the increase in Capital Commitments of all existing
Partners) and (ii) all Adjusted Capital Contributions (and after
taking into account any Capital Contributions previously returned
to the Partners pursuant to this Agreement and any contributions or
distributions pursuant to this Section 3.03), and (B) make an
additional contribution (which shall not be deemed a Capital
Contribution), calculated in the same manner as interest, on the
amounts described in clause (A) of this sentence at an annual rate
equal to ten percent (10%) calculated from the date on which
Capital Contributions would have been made if such Partner had been
admitted to the Partnership on the date hereof or in the case of a
Partner increasing its Capital Commitment, such Capital Commitment
had been made on the date hereof. Capital Contributions and the
additional contributions made by Partners admitted at a Subsequent
Closing may be paid to existing Limited Partners pro rata in
accordance with their Adjusted Capital Contributions immediately
prior to the Subsequent Closing. Capital Contributions made
pursuant to clauses (A) and (B) of this Section 3.03 shall be made
in satisfaction of the Capital Commitments of the contributing
Limited Partners, and the Capital Contributions and other amounts
contributed pursuant to clauses (A) and (C) of this Section 3.03
shall be paid to existing Limited Partners pro rata in accordance
with their Adjusted Capital Contributions. Capital Contributions
made pursuant to clause (A) of this Section 3.03(i) and paid
pursuant hereto to a Partner will be added to the unfunded Capital
Commitment of the receiving Partners and will be subject to recall
as a Capital Contribution pursuant to the terms hereof. If, in
connection with either the admission of Partners after the date
hereof or an increase in a Partner’s Capital Commitment after
the date hereof, an additional amount is paid to and a portion of a
Capital Contribution is returned to a Limited Partner, it shall be
treated for all purposes (other than for tax purposes) as if such
capital had never been contributed.

 



12
 

11585382.7




  


 



ARTICLE IV 
 
ALLOCATIONS OF PROFITS AND LOSSES


4.01. Losses . Except as otherwise provided in this Article
IV, Losses of the Partnership for each taxable year (or portion
thereof) shall be allocated as follows:


(a)    first, to the Partners that have
received an allocation of Profits pursuant to Section 4.02(b), in
the same ratio as such prior allocations, in an amount sufficient
to reverse such prior allocations, and in the reverse of the
chronological order in which such prior allocations were made;
and


(b)    second, to the Partners, pro
rata in accordance with their respective Percentage
Interests.


4.02. Profits . Except as otherwise provided in this Article
IV, Profits of the Partnership for each taxable year (or portion
thereof) shall be allocated as follows:


(a)    first, to the Partners proportionately
in an amount equal to (i) the cumulative Losses allocated pursuant
to Section 4.01(b) to each such Partner over (ii) the cumulative
Profits allocated pursuant to this Section 4.02(a) to each such
Partner for all prior taxable years (or portions thereof);
and


(b)    second, remaining Profits shall be
allocated to each Partner in an amount such that Profits, on an
aggregate basis since the inception of the Partnership, are
proportionate to the distributions (other than distributions that
represent repayment of Priority Capital Contributions and the
preferred return thereon or Capital Contributions) that such
Partner received or would receive as of the end of such taxable
year (or other period) if all of the Partnership’s Profits
(determined on an aggregate basis since the inception of the
Partnership) consisted of Net Distributable Cash that was
distributed as of such year-end pursuant to Article V (other
than Section 5.01(a) and less any actual distributions made
pursuant to Article V).


4.03. Special Allocations .


(a)     Partnership Minimum Gain
Chargeback . Notwithstanding anything contained in this Article
IV to the contrary, if there is a net decrease in Partnership
Minimum Gain during any taxable year (or other period), except as
otherwise permitted by Sections 1.704-2(f)(2), (3), (4) and (5) of
the Regulations, items of Partnership income and gain for such
taxable year (and subsequent years, if necessary) in the order
provided in Section 1.704-2(j)(2)(i) of the Regulations shall be
allocated among all Partners whose shares of Partnership Minimum
Gain decreased during that year in proportion to and to the extent
of such Partner’s share of the net decrease in Partnership
Minimum Gain during such year. The allocation contained in this
Section 4.03(a) is intended to be a minimum gain chargeback within
the meaning of Section 1.704-2 of the Regulations, and shall be
interpreted consistently therewith.


(b)     Partnership Nonrecourse Debt Minimum
Gain Chargeback . Notwithstanding anything contained in Article
IV to the contrary, if there is a net decrease in Partner
Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain during any taxable year (or other
period), except as provided in Section 1.704-2(i) of the
Regulations, items of Partnership income and gain for such taxable
year (and subsequent years, if necessary) in the order provided in
Section 1.704-2(j)(2)(ii) of the

 



13
 

11585382.7




 


 



Regulations shall be allocated among all Partners whose share of
Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain decreased during that year in
proportion to and to the extent of such Partner’s share of
the net decrease in Partner Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain during
such year. This Section 4.03(b) is intended to comply with the
minimum gain chargeback requirement in Section 1.704-2 of the
Regulations and shall be interpreted consistently therewith. Excess
Nonrecourse Liabilities shall be allocated among the Partners in
accordance with their Percentage Interests.


(c)     Loss Limitation .
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4.03, the
amount of items of Partnership expense and loss allocated pursuant
to this Section 4.03 to any Partner shall not exceed the maximum
amount of such items that can be so allocated without causing such
Partner (other than the General Partner) to have an Adjusted
Capital Account Deficit at the end of any taxable year (or other
period). All such items in excess of the limitation set forth in
this Section 4.03(c) shall be allocated first to Partners who would
not have an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit, pro rata, until no
Partner would be entitled to any further allocation, and thereafter
to the General Partner.


(d)     Qualified Income Offset .
Notwithstanding any provisions of Article IV to the contrary, in
the event any Partner unexpectedly receives any adjustments,
allocations, or distributions described in Sections
1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(5), or
1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(6) of the Regulations, items of Partnership
income and gain (including gross income) shall be specially
allocated to each such Partner in an amount and manner sufficient
to eliminate, to the extent required by the Regulations, the
Adjusted Capital Account Deficit of such Partner as quickly as
possible, provided that an allocation pursuant to this
Section 4.03(d) shall be made only if and to the extent that such
Partner would have an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit. The
allocation contained in this Section 4.03(d) is intended to be a
“qualified income offset” within the meaning of Section
1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) of the Regulations, and shall be subject
thereto.


(e)     Ordering . Sections 4.03(a),
(b), (c) and (d) hereof shall be applied in the order provided in
Section 1.704-2 of the Regulations.


(f)     Section 754 Election Adjustments
. To the extent that an adjustment to the adjusted tax basis of any
Partnership asset pursuant to Code Section 734(b) or 743(b) is
required, pursuant to Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m) of the
Regulations, to be taken into account in determining Capital
Accounts, the amount of such adjustment to the Capital Accounts
shall be treated as an item of gain (if the adjustment increases
the basis of the asset) or loss (if the adjustment decreases such
basis) and such gain or loss shall be specially allocated to the
Partners in a manner consistent with the manner in which their
Capital Accounts are required to be adjusted pursuant to such
section of the Regulations.


(g)     Nonrecourse Deductions .
Nonrecourse Deductions for any Fiscal Year or other period shall be
allocated in accordance with Section 4.01(b).


(h)     Partner Nonrecourse Deductions .
In accordance with Section 1.704-2(i)(1) of the Regulations, any
item of Partnership loss or deduction which is attributable to
Partner Nonrecourse Debt for which a Partner bears the economic
risk of loss (such as a non-recourse loan made by a Partner to the
Partnership or an otherwise non-recourse loan to the Partnership
that has been guaranteed by a Partner) shall be allocated to that
Partner to the extent of its economic risk of loss.

 



14
 

11585382.7




 


 



(i)     Varying Interests . If, in
accordance with the terms of Section 9.01, a Partner sells or
exchanges its interest in the Partnership or otherwise is admitted
as a substituted Partner, Profits and Losses shall be allocated
between the transferor and the transferee in accordance with
Section 9.01(d).


(j)     Intent of Allocations;
Modification . It is intended that prior to a distribution of
the proceeds from a liquidation of the Partnership pursuant to
Section 10.01 hereof, the positive Capital Account balance of each
Partner shall be equal to the amount that such Partner is entitled
to receive pursuant to such Section. Accordingly, notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Article IV, to the extent
permissible under Sections 704(b) of the Code and the Regulations
promulgated thereunder, Profits and Losses and, if necessary, items
of gross income and gross deductions, of the Partnership for the
year of liquidation of the Partnership (or, if earlier, the year in
which all or substantially all of the is assets are sold,
transferred or disposed of) shall be allocated among the Partners
so as to bring the positive Capital Account balance of each Partner
as close as possible to the amount that such Partner is entitled to
receive pursuant to Section 10.01.


4.04. Tax Allocations: Code Section 704(c) .


(a)    For federal income tax purposes, except
as otherwise provided in Section 4.04(b), each item of income,
gain, loss and deduction shall be allocated among the Partners in
the same manner as its corresponding item of book income, gain,
loss or deduction is allocated pursuant to this
Article IV.


(b)    In accordance with Section 704(c) of the
Code and the Regulations thereunder, income, gain, loss and
deduction with respect to any property contributed to the capital
of the Partnership shall, solely for tax purposes, be allocated
among the Partners under any reasonable method selected by the
General Partner so as to take account of any variation between the
adjusted basis of such property to the Partnership for federal
income tax purposes and its initial Gross Asset Value.


If the Gross Asset Value of any Partnership asset is adjusted
pursuant to clause (ii) or (iv) of the definition thereof,
subsequent allocations of income, gain, loss and deduction with
respect to such asset shall take account of any variation between
the adjusted basis of such asset for federal income tax purposes
and its Gross Asset Value in the same manner as under Code Section
704(c) and the Regulations thereunder.


Any elections or other decisions relating to such allocations shall
be made by the General Partner in a manner that reasonably reflects
the purpose and intention of this Agreement. Allocations pursuant
to this Section 4.04(b) are solely for purposes of federal, state
and local taxes and shall not affect, or in any way be taken into
account in computing, any Partner’s Capital Account or share
of Profits, Losses, other items or distributions pursuant to any
provision of this Agreement


(c)    The provisions of this Article IV (and
other related provisions in this Agreement) pertaining to the
allocation of items of Partnership income, gain, loss, deductions,
and credits shall be interpreted consistently with the Regulations,
and to the extent unintentionally inconsistent with such
Regulations, shall be deemed to be modified to the extent necessary
to make such provisions consistent with the Regulations.

 



15
 

11585382.7




  


 



ARTICLE V 
 
DISTRIBUTIONS


5.01. Distributions of Net Distributable Cash . Subject to
the other provisions of this Article V, Net Distributable Cash, if
any, for each Fiscal Year or part thereof (after deducting
therefrom, and paying, to the extent of such available funds, any
unreturned Priority Capital Contributions and preferred returns
thereon) shall initially be apportioned among the Partners in
accordance with their respective Percentage Interests and shall be
distributed quarterly to the Partners. If there is a change in the
Percentage Interests of any of the Partners during any period in
which Net Distributable Cash has been received by the Partnership,
such distributions shall be made to the Partners in a manner
reasonably determined by the General Partner which takes into
account the varying interests of the Partners during such period,
using an interim closing of the books method.


5.02. Distributions in Kind .


(a)    No Partner has a right to any
distribution in any form other than cash.


(b)    The Partnership may not make a
distribution in kind unless approved by both the General Partner
and the Partner receiving the in-kind distribution.


5.03. Limitations on Distributions . No distribution shall
be made to the Partners if such distribution would violate the
Act.


5.04. Intentionally Omitted .


5.05. Withholding .


(a)    The General Partner may withhold and pay
over to the Internal Revenue Service (or any other relevant taxing
authority) such amounts as the Partnership is required to withhold
or otherwise pay, pursuant to the Code or any other applicable law,
on account of a Partner's allocable share of the Partnership's
items of gross income, income, gain, or other attributes for tax
purposes.


(b)    For purposes of this Agreement, any
taxes so withheld or any taxes paid over by the Partnership or
otherwise incurred directly or indirectly, including under Section
6225 of the Code as amended by the Budget Act, with respect to a
Partner's allocable share of the Partnership's gross income,
income, gain or other attributes for tax purposes, or amounts which
are otherwise properly allocable to a Partner, shall be deemed to
be a distribution or payment to such Partner, reducing the amount
otherwise distributable to such Partner pursuant to this Agreement
and reducing the Capital Account of such Partner. If the
Partnership or the General Partner itself pays or incurs any tax
(including penalties or interest) or similar charge directly or
indirectly in respect of any Partner, including under Section 6225
of the Code as amended by the Budget Act, or pays or incurs any
amount (including any tax, penalties or interest) in respect of any
failure to pay or withhold any tax or similar charge in respect of
any Partner as required by applicable law directly or indirectly
that is not withheld from distribution to such Partner, such
Partner shall on demand reimburse the Partnership for such amounts
plus interest thereon (accruing from the date such payment was made
by the person entitled to reimbursement) at the rate of fifteen
percent (15%) per annum, compounded quarterly on the first day of
each calendar quarter, from

 



16
 

11585382.7




 


 



and after the date on which the Partnership has given notice to
such Partner. Such reimbursement shall not constitute a Capital
Contribution and shall not reduce such Partner’s unfunded
Capital Commitment. In addition to all other rights and remedies of
the General Partner or the Partnership at law or in equity with
respect to amounts owed by a Partner to the Partnership pursuant to
this Section 5.05(b), the General Partner shall have the right to
offset, or cause to be offset, against any such Partner’s
distributions under this Agreement all amounts owed by such Partner
to the General Partner or the Partnership pursuant to this Section
5.05(b). A Partner’s reimbursement obligation arising under
this Section 5.05(b) prior to a transfer by such Partner of its
Percentage Interest in the Partnership or a withdrawal by such
Partner shall continue after such transfer or withdrawal.

  
A Partner’s reimbursement obligation arising under this
Section 5.05(b) with respect to taxes withheld, paid over, or
otherwise incurred directly or indirectly by the Partnership (i)
pursuant to Section 6225 of the Code or (ii) that are so withheld,
paid over, or otherwise incurred directly or indirectly by the
Partnership prior to the termination of the Partnership shall
survive the dissolution and termination of the
Partnership.    


(c)    The General Partner shall not be
obligated to apply for or obtain a reduction of or exemption from
withholding tax on behalf of any Partner that may be eligible for
such reduction or exemption. To the extent that a Partner claims to
be entitled to a reduced rate of, or exemption from, a withholding
tax pursuant to an applicable income tax treaty, or otherwise, the
Partner shall furnish the General Partner with such information and
forms as such Partner may be required to complete where necessary
to comply with any and all laws and regulations governing the
obligations of withholding tax agents. Each Partner will fully
comply with any reasonable requests for information from the
General Partner with regard to any withholding tax. Each Partner
represents and warrants that any information and forms furnished by
such Partner pursuant to this Section 5.05(c) shall be true and
accurate and agrees to indemnify the Partnership and each of the
Partners from any and all d


 








 





















NorthStar RXR | FAQs













































 











NorthStar Securities


Investment Offerings

Current Offerings
NorthStar/RXR New York Metro Real Estate, Inc.
 NorthStar Real Estate Capital Income Master Fund
Closed Offerings
NorthStar Real Estate Income II, Inc.
NorthStar Healthcare Income, Inc.
NorthStar Real Estate Income Trust, Inc.














Loading...				


HomeContact
















 




 


&nbsp
About Us




&nbsp
Who We Are




&nbsp
Our Co-Sponsors




&nbsp
Board of Directors




&nbsp
Management Team




&nbsp
Frequently Asked Questions





&nbsp
Investment Approach




&nbsp
REITs at a Glance




&nbsp
Why Invest in the New York Metro Area? 




&nbsp
Investment Strategy




&nbsp
The Power of Local




&nbsp
Offering Details




&nbsp
How to Invest





&nbsp
Portfolio




&nbsp
Investment Highlights





&nbsp
Investor Relations




&nbsp
Overview




&nbsp
Press Releases




&nbsp
Presentations & Videos




&nbsp
Distributions




&nbsp
Investor Forms




&nbsp
SEC Filings




&nbsp
Corporate Governance




&nbsp
Audit Committee Composition





&nbsp
Email Alerts





&nbsp
Account Access




&nbsp
Investor Access




&nbsp
Advisor Access




&nbsp
Go Paperless





&nbsp
Contact










I want to



Order an Investor Kit
Download Marketing Materials
Find Investor Forms
Access My Account












About Us











Frequently Asked Questions


Q: What is NorthStar/RXR New York Metro Real Estate, Inc.?
A: We were formed as a Maryland corporation to acquire high-quality commercial real estate, including value-add real estate investment opportunities, concentrated in the New York metropolitan area (defined by us to mean within 90 miles of New York City), which we refer to as the New York metropolitan area, and in particular, New York City, with a focus on office and mixed-use properties and a lesser emphasis on multifamily properties. We believe that combining core property investments with value-add opportunities may create a balanced portfolio that may deliver capital appreciation, cash flow and risk-adjusted returns. We intend to complement this strategy by originating and acquiring: (i) CRE debt, including subordinate loans and participations in such loans and preferred equity interests; and (ii) joint ventures and partnership interests in CRE related investments. We expect that a majority of our capital will be invested in commercial real estate located in the New York metropolitan area and the remaining portion in CRE debt and securities secured primarily by collateral in the New York metropolitan area. We also anticipate that more than a majority of our investments will be located in New York City and that the remaining portion of our investments will be located in surrounding suburban markets within the New York metropolitan area. We cannot, however, predict our actual allocation by investment type or geography of our assets under management at this time because such allocation also will be dependent, in part, on the market conditions, market opportunities and upon the amount of financing we are able to obtain with respect to each asset class in which we invest. We expect to acquire more than a majority of our investments through joint venture arrangements with RXR Real Estate Value Added Fund - Fund III LP, or RXR Value Added Fund III, an institutional real estate investment fund affiliated with RXR, one of our co-sponsors, or future funds or investment entities advised by affiliates of RXR. In addition, we may invest directly in RXR Value Added Fund III as well as current or future funds or investment entities managed or advised by affiliates of RXR. We may also complete investments with RXR’s sub-strategy entity, RXR New York Metro Emerging Sub-Market Venture LP, or RXR ESM Venture.The use of the terms NorthStar/RXR, our company, we, us or our in this prospectus refer to NorthStar/RXR New York Metro Real Estate, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, acting through our external advisor and sub-advisor, unless the context indicates otherwise.We are externally advised by CNI NS/RXR Advisors, LLC, or our advisor, and RXR NTR Sub-Advisor LLC, or our sub-advisor, and collectively with our advisor, our Advisor Entities. Pursuant to the sub-advisory agreement among us, our advisor and sub-advisor, our sub-advisor, acting on behalf of our advisor, will conduct certain aspects of our operations including sourcing investment opportunities and managing our portfolio of real estate investments. We have no paid employees.
Q: Who might benefit from an investment in shares of our common stock?
A: An investment in our shares may be beneficial for you if you: (i) meet the minimum suitability standards described in this prospectus; (ii) seek to diversify your personal portfolio with a REIT investment focused on acquiring a portfolio of high-quality commercial real estate properties and, to a lesser extent, CRE debt and securities; (iii) seek to receive some current income; (iv) seek to preserve capital; (v) seek capital appreciation; and (vi) are able to hold your investment for at least five years following the completion of our offering stage or for longer, consistent with our liquidity strategy. On the other hand, we caution persons who require liquidity, guaranteed income or who seek a short-term investment, that an investment in our shares will not meet those needs.
Q: What are the major risks of investing in us?
A: We have a limited operating history and our advisor and sub-advisor, on whom we will depend to select our investments and conduct our operations, are both also recently-formed companies. Since this is a blind-pool offering, you will not have an opportunity to evaluate our investments before we make them and our investments may not be identified when you invest. Our investments in commercial real estate properties and CRE debt and securities may lose their value, our tenants may not be able to make lease payments and our borrowers may not be able to make debt payments. In addition, our acquisition strategy with value-add real estate investment opportunities may involve a higher risk of loss than would a strategy of investing in stabilized properties and makes our future performance more difficult to predict. We expect that a substantial portion of our investments will be concentrated geographically in the New York metropolitan area and anything that adversely affects the CRE market in this area could adversely affect us. In addition, our organizational documents permit us to pay distributions to our stockholders from any source, including from borrowings, sale of assets and from offering proceeds or we may make distributions in the form of taxable stock dividends. We have not established a limit on the amount of proceeds we may use to fund distributions. We have paid and may continue to pay distributions from sources other than our cash flow from operations, including from offering proceeds, and as a result we will have less cash available for investments and your overall return may be reduced. You should carefully review the “Risk Factors” section of this prospectus which contains a detailed discussion of the material risks that you should consider before you invest in shares of our common stock.
Q: What is a REIT?
A: In general, a REIT is an entity that:
• combines the capital of many investors to acquire or provide financing for a diversified portfolio of real estate investments under professional management, some of which may focus on a particular property type or geographic location;
• is able to qualify as a “real estate investment trust” for U.S. federal income tax purposes and is therefore generally not subject to federal corporate income taxes on its net income that is distributed, which substantially eliminates the “double taxation” treatment (i.e., taxation at both the corporate and stockholder levels) that generally results from investments in a corporation; and
• pays distributions to investors of at least 90% of its annual ordinary taxable income.
In this prospectus, we refer to an entity that qualifies and elects to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a REIT. We intend to make an election to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes commencing with the taxable year that ended on December 31, 2016.
Q: Why should I invest in real estate investments?
A: Allocating some portion of your investment portfolio to real estate investments may provide you with portfolio diversification, reduction of overall risk, a hedge against inflation and risk-adjusted returns. For these reasons, real estate has been embraced as a major asset class for purposes of asset allocations within investment portfolios. Although institutional investors can invest directly in real estate investments and on substantially different terms than individual investors, we believe that individual investors can also benefit by adding a real estate component to their investment portfolios. You and your financial advisor should determine whether investing in real estate through a company with a portfolio of commercial real estate concentrated on investing in high-quality commercial real estate, including value-add real estate investment opportunities in the New York metropolitan area and, in particular, New York City, would benefit your investment portfolio.
Q: What kind of offering is this?
A: Through our dealer manager, we are offering a maximum of $2,000,000,000 in shares of common stock in a continuous, public offering, of which $1,800,000,000 in shares are being offered pursuant to our primary offering, or our primary offering, and $200,000,000 in shares are being offered pursuant to our DRP, which are herein collectively referred to as our offering. We are offering shares in our primary offering on a “best efforts” basis at $10.11 per Class A Share, $9.55 per Class T Share and $9.10 per Class I Share and shares in our DRP at $9.81 per Class A Share, $9.27 per Class T Share and $9.10 per Class I Share. Discounts are also available to investors who purchase $500,000 or more in Class A Shares of our common stock and to other categories of investors. We reserve the right to reallocate shares of our common stock being offered between our primary offering and our DRP.
Q: Why are we offering three classes of our common stock and what are the similarities and differences between the classes?
A:  We are offering three classes of our common stock in order to provide investors with more flexibility in making their investment in us. In determining to offer three classes of shares of common stock, our board of directors took into consideration a number of factors, including recent amendments to Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, Rule 2310 and NASD Rule 2340. These amendments require investor account statements to reflect an estimated value per share as determined based on either the net investment method or appraised value method. The net investment method may only be used before the second anniversary of breaking escrow and determines the estimated value per share by deducting related offering and organizational expenses, commissions and dealer manager fees from the public offering price. The appraised value method requires independent third parties to determine or provide material assistance in the process of determining the estimated net asset value of the company’s portfolio. In general, we anticipate that Class A Shares, Class T Shares and Class I Shares will have the same estimated value per share as reflected on investor account statements. Each share of our common stock, regardless of class, will be entitled to one vote per share on matters presented to the common stockholders for approval. The differences between each class relate to the offering price per share, selling commissions and other underwriting compensation payable in respect of each class as further described below:

Class A Shares have higher front-end fees, including higher selling commissions and higher dealer manager fees, compared to Class T Shares. These fees are paid at the time of the purchase of the Class A Shares in the primary offering. There are no distribution fees paid on Class A Shares.
Class T Shares have lower front-end fees paid at the time of the purchase of the Class T Shares in the primary offering compared to Class A Shares. Subject to, among other things, the 10% limit on underwriting compensation, we will pay an ongoing distribution fee in an amount equal to 1.0% per annum of the then current primary offering price per Class T Share (or, in certain cases, the amount of our estimated net assets value per share) payable on a monthly basis. This fee is not paid on Class A Shares and will result in the per share distributions on Class T Shares being less than the per share distributions on Class A Shares or Class I Shares. There is no assurance that we will pay distributions in any particular amount, if at all.
Class I Shares have no front end fees and no distribution fees. The following summarizes the differences in fees and selling commissions among the classes of our common stock.




 
Class A
Class T
Class I


Initial Offering Price
$10.11
$9.55
$9.10


Selling Commission (per share)
7.00%
2.00%
None


Dealer Manager (per share)
3.00%
2.75%
None


Annual Distribution Fee (per share)
None
1.0% (1)
None(2)



(1) The distribution fee is calculated on outstanding Class T Shares issued in the primary offering in an amount equal to 1.0% per annum of the gross offering price per share (or, if we are no longer offering shares in a public offering, the most recent gross offering price per share or the estimated per share value of Class T Shares, if any has been disclosed). We will cease paying distribution fees with respect to each Class T Share on the earliest to occur of the following: (i) a listing of shares of our common stock on a national securities exchange; (ii) such Class T Share is no longer outstanding; (iii) our dealer manager’s determination that total underwriting compensation from all sources, including dealer manager fees, selling commissions, distribution fees and any other underwriting compensation paid to participating broker dealers with respect to all Class A Shares, Class T Shares and Class I Shares would be in excess of 10% of the gross proceeds of the primary portion of this offering; or (iv) the end of the month in which the transfer agent, on our behalf, determines that total underwriting compensation with respect to the primary Class T Shares held by a stockholder within his or her particular account, including dealer manager fees, selling commissions, and distribution fees, would be in excess of 10% of the total gross offering price at the time of the investment in the Class T Shares held in such account. We cannot predict if or when this will occur. All Class T Shares will automatically convert into Class A Shares upon a listing of shares of our common stock on a national securities exchange. With respect to item (iv) above, all of the Class T Shares held in a stockholder’s account will automatically convert into Class A Shares as of the last calendar day of the month in which the 10% limit on a particular account is reached. With respect to the conversion of Class T Shares into Class A Shares, each Class T Share will convert into an amount of Class A Shares based on the respective net asset value per share for each class. Stockholders will receive notice that their Class T Shares have been converted into Class A Shares in accordance with industry practice at that time, which we expect to be either a transaction confirmation from the transfer agent, notification from the transfer agent or notification through the next account statement following the conversion. We currently expect that the conversion will be on a one-for-one basis, as we expect the net asset value per share of each Class A Share and Class T Share to be the same, except in the unlikely event that the distribution fees payable by us exceed the amount otherwise available for distribution to holders of Class T Shares in a particular period (prior to the deduction of the distribution fees), in which case the excess will be accrued as a reduction to the net asset value per share of each Class T Share. See “Description of Capital Stock—Distributions.”(2)   Our dealer manager may enter into participating dealer agreements that provide for our dealer manager to pay a distribution fee of up to 2.0% over a maximum eight-year period in connection with the sale of Class I Shares in our primary offering. We will not reimburse our dealer manager for its payment of these fees and such fees will be subject to the limitations on underwriting compensation under applicable FINRA rules. See “Plan of Distribution.”Our Class A Shares, Class T Shares and Class I Shares are available for different categories of investors. Class A Shares and Class T Shares each are available for purchase by the general public. Class I Shares may generally be purchased only by investors who pay an asset-based fee for investment advisory services, such as clients of registered investment advisors or broker-dealer customers who have so-called wrap accounts. See “Plan of Distribution.”  The fees and expenses listed above will be payable on a class-specific basis. The per share amount of distributions on Class A Shares and Class I Shares will differ from Class T Shares because of different class-specific expenses. Specifically, distributions paid with respect to all Class T Shares, including those issued pursuant to our DRP, will be lower than those paid with respect to Class A Shares and Class I Shares because the amount available for distributions on all Class T Shares will be reduced by the amount of distribution fees payable with respect to the Class T Shares issued in the primary offering. See “Description of Capital Stock” for more information concerning the differences between the Class A Shares, Class T Shares and Class I Shares. In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of us, or any liquidating distribution of our assets, then such assets, or the proceeds therefrom, will be distributed between the holders of Class A, Class T and Class I Shares ratably in proportion to the respective net asset value for each class until the net asset value for each class has been paid. We expect the estimated net asset value per share of each Class A Share, Class T Share and Class I Share to be the same, except in the unlikely event that the distribution fees exceed the amount otherwise available for distribution to holders of Class T Shares in a particular period (prior to the deduction of the distribution fees), in which case the excess will be accrued as a reduction to the estimated net asset value per share of each Class T Share, which would result in the net asset value and distributions upon liquidation with respect to Class T Shares being lower than the net asset value and distributions upon liquidation with respect to Class A Shares and Class I Shares. Each holder of shares of a particular class of common stock will be entitled to receive, proportionately with each other holder of shares of such class, that portion of the aggregate assets available for distribution as the number of outstanding shares of the class held by such holder bears to the total number of outstanding shares of such class then outstanding.
Q: What is the experience of your Colony NorthStar sponsor?
A: Colony NorthStar is a global real estate and investment management firm formed as a result of the mergers of NSAM, our prior co-sponsor, Colony NorthStar, a wholly owned subsidiary of NSAM, Colony and NorthStar Realty effective as of January 10, 2017. As a result of the mergers, Colony NorthStar became an internally-managed equity REIT, with a diversified real estate and investment management platform, publicly traded on the NYSE under the symbol “CLNS” and succeeded NSAM as our co-sponsor. CNI NS/RXR Advisors, LLC, as successor to NSAM J-NS/RXR Ltd, or our advisor, is now a subsidiary of Colony NorthStar. The mergers had no material impact on our operations. Colony NorthStar has significant property holdings in the healthcare, industrial and hospitality sectors, other real estate equity and debt investments and an embedded institutional and retail investment management business and had assets under management of approximately $56 billion as of December 31, 2016 (adjusted for completion of the mergers). Colony NorthStar manages capital on behalf of its stockholders, as well as institutional and retail investors in private funds, non-traded and traded REITs and registered investment companies. Colony NorthStar has approximately 575 employees worldwide, with its principal executive office located in Los Angeles, California and additional offices located across seventeen cities in ten countries. Colony NorthStar’s management team averages over 31 years of relevant business experience. Prior to the mergers, NSAM was a global asset management firm focused on strategically managing real estate and other investment platforms in the United States and internationally including substantial business raising and managing capital in the retail marketplace, accessing a variety of pools of capital through various vehicles that include REITs and closed-end funds, including NorthStar Real Estate Income Trust, Inc., or NorthStar Income, NorthStar Healthcare Income, Inc., or NorthStar Healthcare, NorthStar Real Estate Income II, Inc., or NorthStar Income II, NorthStar Real Estate Capital Income Master Fund and its two feeder funds, or collectively, NorthStar Capital Fund, NorthStar/Townsend Institutional Real Estate Fund Inc., or NorthStar/Townsend Investment, and us, which we refer to collectively as the Retail Companies. In addition, NSAM managed NorthStar Realty and NorthStar Realty Europe Corp., or NorthStar Europe, two publicly listed REITs, referred to as the NorthStar Listed Companies. We refer to the NorthStar Listed Companies and the Retail Companies, together with any other investment vehicles sponsored or advised by Colony NorthStar, collectively as the CLNS Managed Companies. 
Q: What is the experience of your RXR sponsor?
A: RXR is a leading real estate owner, manager and developer in the New York metropolitan area which was formed subsequent to the sale of Reckson Associates Realty Corp., or Reckson, a publicly traded REIT, by several of the senior executives of Reckson to SL Green Realty Corp., or SL Green, in January 2007, one of the largest public real estate management buyouts in REIT history. As of December 31, 2016, RXR’s operating platform managed 90 commercial real estate properties and investments with an aggregate gross asset value of approximately $15.7 billion, compromising approximately 25.0 million square feet of commercial operating properties and approximately 3,200 multifamily and for sale units under active development in the New York metropolitan area. RXR has not previously sponsored other non-traded public REITs. Affiliates of the RXR sponsor and the RXR sub-advisor advise other funds with respect to real estate assets and projects. For more information regarding RXR, see “Prospectus Summary—Our Sponsors—RXR.”
Q: How do we differ from the other publicly traded and public, non-traded REITs sponsored or managed by Colony  NorthStar, one of our co-sponsors, including NorthStar Income, NorthStar Income II and NorthStar Healthcare?
A: Colony NorthStar manages capital on behalf of its stockholders, as well as sponsors and manages the CLNS Managed Companies, including us and three other existing public, non-traded REITs: NorthStar Income, NorthStar Income II and NorthStar Healthcare. In addition, Colony NorthStar sponsors additional private fund and registered investment companies and expects to sponsor additional investment vehicles in the future. We differ from NorthStar Income, NorthStar Income II and NorthStar Healthcare in several respects. NorthStar Income and NorthStar Income II have a substantially similar investment strategy, which is focused on originating, acquiring and managing a diversified portfolio of CRE debt and securities. NorthStar Income successfully closed its primary offering on July 1, 2013 and invested substantially all its offering proceeds although NorthStar Income may make investments in the future with proceeds from the sale or repayment of investments. NorthStar Income II successfully completed its offering stage in November 2016 and expects that a majority of its investment portfolio will continue to be comprised of CRE debt. NorthStar Healthcare completed its offering stage in January 2016 and is still investing its capital; however, its investment strategy is focused on healthcare real estate. In contrast, we were formed to primarily acquire high-quality commercial real estate, including value-add real estate investment opportunities, concentrated in the New York metropolitan area and in particular, New York City, with a focus on office and mixed-use properties and a lesser emphasis on multifamily properties. We intend to complement this strategy by originating and acquiring a diversified portfolio of CRE debt and securities secured primarily by collateral in the New York metropolitan area. As a result, our geographic concentration may be more targeted than that of NorthStar Income, NorthStar Income II and NorthStar Healthcare and our investment strategy does not primarily focus on investments in healthcare real estate or CRE debt. We also differ from Colony NorthStar and the NorthStar Listed Companies. Colony NorthStar, which is the parent company to NorthStar Realty following the mergers, is a diversified commercial real estate company and, while it makes CRE investments in the New York metropolitan area, it also invests in multiple CRE asset classes that may take the form of acquiring real estate, originating or acquiring senior or subordinate loans, as well as pursuing opportunistic CRE investments, both in the United States and internationally. NorthStar Europe is a European-focused commercial real estate company with predominantly prime office properties in key cities within Germany, the United Kingdom and France, and therefore has a substantially different investment focus.
Q: Will you compete with other vehicles sponsored by Colony NorthStar and RXR?
A: Although our geographic concentration may be more targeted than that of NorthStar Income, NorthStar Income II and NorthStar Healthcare and our investment strategy does not primarily focus on investments in healthcare real estate or CRE debt, our investments may overlap with those of Colony NorthStar, NorthStar Income, NorthStar Income II and NorthStar Healthcare and therefore many investment opportunities that will be suitable for us may also be suitable for Colony NorthStar and other CLNS Managed Companies. Our target investments are expected to overlap with those of RXR Value Added Fund III, even though certain aspects of our investment strategy and criteria are different. In addition, Colony NorthStar or RXR may sponsor or manage other investment vehicles in the future that may target investments similar to ours and that will rely on Colony NorthStar or RXR to source their investments. Therefore, many targeted investments that are suitable for us may also be suitable for existing or future Colony NorthStar and RXR entities.
Q: What is the role of your advisor and sub-advisor and what do they do?
A:  CNI NS/RXR Advisors, LLC, the successor to NSAM J-NS/RXR Ltd and a subsidiary of Colony NorthStar, one of our co-sponsors, is our advisor. Our advisor is responsible for coordinating the management of our day-to-day operations and for making and managing investments in real estate properties and CRE debt and securities on our behalf, subject to the supervision of our board of directors. Subject to the terms of the advisory agreement between our advisor and us and the sub-advisory agreement among us, our advisor and our sub-advisor, our advisor through its affiliates has delegated certain of its duties, including identifying, negotiating and managing our investments, as well as providing disposition services for property assets on our behalf, to our sub-advisor, an entity whose management team has the experience to identify, acquire and manage our investments. Our advisor’s affiliated entities may be organized under the laws of the United States or foreign jurisdictions. Notwithstanding such delegation to the sub-advisor or affiliates of our advisor or sub-advisor, our advisor retains ultimate responsibility for the performance of all the matters entrusted to it under the advisory agreement. All our investments must be approved by a majority vote of the investment committee of our advisor, unless the size or nature of the investment requires a lesser vote. In addition, our board of directors must approve all acquisitions of property and other investments and originations of CRE debt that require an investment of our equity exceeding the greater of: (i) $100 million; and (ii) 10% of our total assets, including cash available for investment. RXR NTR Sub-Advisor LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of RXR, our other co-sponsor, is our sub-advisor. Our sub-advisor will have primary responsibility for the duties that have been delegated by our advisor to our sub-advisor pursuant to the sub-advisory agreement. In addition, pursuant to property management and leasing agreements with us, an affiliate of our sub-advisor will be providing property management, construction, leasing and development services for all of our property assets. Our advisor works jointly with our sub-advisor with respect to the following major decisions: decisions with respect to the retention of investment banks, the extension, termination or suspension of this offering and the initiation of a follow-on offering, mergers, other change-of-control transactions and any liquidity events.An affiliate of our advisor and our sub-advisor owns 100% of the special units of our operating partnership, a Delaware limited partnership.
Q: What is the experience of your advisor and sub-advisor?
A:  Our advisor is a company that was formed in Jersey on June 23, 2014, as a subsidiary of NSAM, our prior co-sponsor. Following the mergers, our advisor became a subsidiary of Colony NorthStar, one of our co-sponsors, and was domesticated in Delaware on March 17, 2017. Our advisor has a limited operating history and limited prior experience managing a public company. Our sub-advisor is a limited liability company that was formed in the State of Delaware on March 25, 2014, as a wholly-owned subsidiary of RXR, our other co-sponsor. Our sub-advisor has a limited operating history and no prior experience managing a public company.
Q: Do you currently own any real estate?
A:As of the date of this prospectus, we have made one investment. On May 20, 2016, we, through a subsidiary of our operating partnership, completed the acquisition of an indirect minority interest in 1285 Avenue of the Americas, a 1.8 million square foot Class-A office building located in midtown Manhattan for a purchase price of approximately $1.9 million, including closing costs. The acquisition was part of an approximately $1.65 billion transaction sourced by RXR, our co-sponsor and affiliate of our sub-advisor. On December 29, 2016, we, through a subsidiary of our operating partnership, completed a $2.5 million follow-on investment, including closing costs, in 1285 Avenue of the Americas. We completed the follow-on investment by making an additional capital contribution to the partnership, which in turn was used to acquire an additional indirect interest in 1285 Avenue of the Americas from RXR Value Added Fund III. Other than the indirect minority interest in 1285 Avenue of the Americas, we do not currently own any real estate properties or other real estate related assets. Because we have not identified any other properties to acquire, we are considered a “blind pool.” As specific real property investments become probable, we will supplement this prospectus to provide information regarding the probable investment to the extent it is material to an investment decision with respect to shares of our common stock. We also will describe material changes to our portfolio, including the closing of property acquisitions, by means of a supplement to this prospectus.
Q: What will you do with the proceeds from your primary offering?
A. If we sell all the shares offered in our primary offering, we expect to use approximately 93.2% of the gross proceeds (assuming the sale of 30% of Class A   Shares, 60% of Class T Shares and 10% of Class I Shares in the aggregate) to make real estate investments and to pay acquisition expenses and costs related to those investments. We will use the remaining approximately 6.8% of the gross proceeds to pay sales commissions, dealer manager fees and issuer costs. Our cash flow from operations may be insufficient to fully fund distributions to our stockholders, particularly during the period before we have substantially invested the net proceeds from this offering. Therefore, some or all of our distributions may be paid from other sources, such as proceeds from our borrowings, proceeds from this offering, cash advances by our advisor and sub-advisor, cash resulting from proceeds from the sale of assets. We have not placed a cap on the amount of our distributions that may be paid from proceeds from this offering or any of these other sources. To the extent distributions are paid from proceeds from this offering, which we expect to be the case during the early stages of the offering, the amount of proceeds used to make real estate investments and to pay acquisition expenses and costs related to those investments will be less. The per share amount of distributions on Class A Shares and Class I Shares will differ from Class T Shares because of different class-specific expenses. Specifically, distributions on Class T Shares will likely be lower than Class A Shares and Class I Shares because of the ongoing distribution fees that are payable with respect to Class T Shares. See “Description of Capital Stock — Distributions.”
Q: How does a “best efforts” offering work?
A: When shares of common stock are offered to the public on a “best efforts” basis, the broker-dealers participating in our offering are only required to use their best efforts to sell the shares of our common stock. Broker-dealers do not have a firm commitment or obligation to purchase any of the shares of our common stock.
Q: Who can buy shares?
A: Generally, you may purchase shares if you have either:
• a minimum net worth (excluding the value of your home, furnishings and personal automobiles) of at least $70,000 and a minimum annual gross income of at least $70,000; or
• a minimum net worth (not including home, furnishings and personal automobiles) of at least $250,000.
However, these minimum levels may vary from state to state, so you should carefully read the suitability requirements explained in the “Suitability Standards” section of the prospectus.
Q: How do I subscribe for shares?
A: If you choose to purchase shares of our common stock in our offering, you will need to contact your broker-dealer or financial advisor and fill out a subscription agreement like the one attached to this prospectus as Appendix B for a certain investment amount and pay for the shares at the time you subscribe.
Q: Is there any minimum initial investment required?
A: Yes. You must initially invest at least $4,000 in shares. After you have satisfied the minimum investment requirement, any additional purchases must be in increments of at least $100. The investment minimum for subsequent purchases does not apply to shares purchased pursuant to our DRP.
Q: How does the payment of fees and expenses by us affect your invested capital?
A: We will pay to the dealer manager selling commissions and dealer manager fees in connection with this offering, a portion of which may be re-allowed to participating broker-dealers for shares sold by the participating broker-dealers. In addition, we will incur, or reimburse our advisor for, our cumulative organizational and offering expenses. The payment of fees and expenses reduces the funds available to us for payment of distributions and investment in our target assets and therefore may reduce our distributions or our net asset value.
Q: How long will our offering last?
A: Our primary offering is expected to terminate on February 9, 2018, unless extended by our board as permitted under applicable law and regulations. In addition, we reserve the right to terminate our offering for any other reason at any time.
Q: What is the liquidity event history of programs sponsored by our sponsors?
A:  The prospectuses of each of the Retail Companies disclose that, subject to then-existing market conditions, each Retail Company expects to consider alternatives for providing liquidity to their stockholders beginning five years from the completion of their respective offering stages. Each of NorthStar Income, NorthStar Healthcare and NorthStar Income II has completed its offering stage as of the date of this prospectus. While each of the Retail Companies expects to consider a liquidity transaction in this time frame, there can be no assurance that a suitable transaction will be available or that market conditions for a transaction will be favorable during that time frame. The board of directors of each of the Retail Companies has the discretion to consider a liquidity transaction at any time if it determines such event to be in the best interests of their respective stockholders. A liquidity transaction could consist of a sale or partial sale or roll-off, as applicable, to scheduled maturity of their assets, a sale or merger of such Retail Company, a listing of such Retail Company’s shares on a national securities exchange or a similar transaction. Some types of liquidity transactions require, after approval by their board of directors, approval of each company’s stockholders. Colony NorthStar’s management team has a track record of listing and experience in managing publicly traded companies, including NorthStar Realty’s initial public offering, the completion of the NSAM spin-off and listing of NSAM’s common stock on the NYSE, the completion of the NorthStar Europe spin-off from NorthStar Realty and the listing of NorthStar Europe’s shares of common stock on the NYSE and the completion of Colony’s internalization transaction and listing of Colony’s shares of Class A common stock on the NYSE.  RXR, our other co-sponsor, has not previously sponsored any non-traded REITs. RXR is comprised of members of the former senior management and operating team of Reckson and has sponsored or co-sponsored Reckson, RNY Property Trust, or RNY, RXR Real Estate Opportunity Fund II, L.P., or RXR Opportunity Fund, RXR Real Estate Value Added Fund LP, or RXR Value Added Fund, RXR ESM Venture and RXR Value Added Fund III in addition to a significant number of co-investment and separate account arrangements. We collectively refer to RXR Value Added Fund, RXR Value Added Fund III, RXR ESM Venture and RXR Opportunity Fund as the RXR Funds. The private placement memorandums of each of the RXR Funds disclose that a specific investment decision to seek liquidity will be made in the context of its total return focus, its targeted holding periods and the management team’s evaluation of market cycles, capital markets, macro trends and regional real estate market conditions. Exit analysis, exit discipline and exit execution are demonstrated competencies at RXR, as highlighted by the management team’s execution of the sale of Reckson for an amount in excess of $6.0 billion to SL Green in January 2007, as well as the June 2015 sale of a blended 50% interest in a $4.0 billion portfolio of investments in the New York metropolitan area to affiliates of Blackstone Group LP.
Q: Will I be notified of how my investment is doing?
A: Yes, we will provide you with periodic updates on the performance of your investment in us, including:
• an annual report;
• supplements to this prospectus, generally provided quarterly during our offering; and
• three quarterly financial reports.
In addition, unless the rules and regulations governing valuations change, from and after 150 days following the second anniversary of breaking escrow in this offering and annually thereafter, our advisor or another firm we choose for that purpose will establish an estimated value per share of each class of our common stock based on an appraisal of our assets and operations and other factors deemed relevant. Once established, we will provide the estimated value per share to you in a periodic report and in each annual report thereafter. The estimated value per share of each class of our common stock will be based upon the fair value of our assets less the fair value of our liabilities under market conditions existing at the time of the valuation. We will obtain independent third party appraisals for our properties and will value our other assets in a manner we deem most suitable under the circumstances, which will include an independent appraisal or valuation. A committee comprised of independent directors will be responsible for the oversight of the valuation process, including approval of the engagement of any third parties to assist in the valuation of assets, liabilities and unconsolidated investments. We anticipate that any property appraiser we engage will be a member of the Appraisal Institute with the MAI designation or such other professional valuation designation appropriate for the type and geographic locations of the assets being valued and will provide a written opinion, which will include a description of the reviews undertaken and the basis for such opinion. Any such appraisal will be provided to a participating dealer upon request. After the initial appraisal, appraisals will be done annually and may be done on a quarterly rolling basis. The valuations are estimates and consequently should not necessarily be viewed as an accurate reflection of the fair value of our investments nor will they necessarily represent the amount of net proceeds that would result from an immediate sale of our assets.
We will provide the periodic updates and the estimated value per share, once required, to you via one or more of the following methods, in our discretion and with your consent, if necessary:
• U.S. mail or other courier;
• facsimile;
• electronic delivery; or
• posting on our website at www.NorthStarSecurities.com/RXR.Information on our website is not incorporated into this prospectus.
Q: When will I get my detailed tax information?
A: Your Form 1099-DIV tax information, if required, will be mailed by January 31 of each year, unless extended.
Q: Who can help answer my questions about our offering?
A: If you have more questions about our offering, or if you would like additional copies of this prospectus, you should contact your registered representative or contact: NorthStar Securities, LLCAttn: Investor Relations5299 DTC Blvd., Ste. 900Greenwood Village, CO 80111(877) 940-8777

 
 
*Frequently Asked Questions were derived from the Prospectus dated April 28, 2017.










Who We AreOur Co-SponsorsBoard of DirectorsManagement TeamFrequently Asked Questions




Order Marketing Materials








Schedulea Meeting






Schedule a Meeting




First Name(*)
Invalid Input



Last Name(*)
Invalid Input



Broker-Dealer(*)
Invalid Input



State(*)
Invalid Input



Phone(*)
Invalid Input



E-mail
Invalid Input



Preferred Meeting Date
Invalid Input



Preferred Meeting Time
Invalid Input



Offering Product(*)
SelectNorthStar/RXRNorthStar CapitalOtherInvalid Input




I hereby certify that the offering/product indicated above is for a program that has a selling agreement with the Broker-Dealer firm I am associated with.Invalid Input



























© 2017  NorthStar/RXR New York Metro Real Estate, Inc. All Rights Reserved.





Contact
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use







Download the Prospectus
Review Risk Factors
Access Investor Forms
Order Marketing Materials





Please be aware that NorthStar/RXR, CNI NS/RXR Advisors, LLC, RXR NTR Sub-Advisor LLC, Colony NorthStar, Inc., RXR Realty LLC, NorthStar Securities, LLC and their respective officers, directors, employees and affiliates are not undertaking to provide impartial investment advice or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity in connection with NorthStar/RXR’s public offering. These entities and/or individuals may have financial interests associated with the purchase of NorthStar/RXR’s common stock, as described in the NorthStar/RXR’s prospectus. Investors should consult their financial advisors before making an investment decision.
This website is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to purchase any NorthStar Investment Program. NorthStar Investment Programs are only offered by means of a prospectus. This material must be read in conjunction with a prospectus in order to understand fully all the implications and risks of an offering of securities to which it relates. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities regulator has passed on or endorsed the merits of this offering. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. Consult the prospectus for suitability standards in your state. NorthStar/RXR is not available to residents of PA. Securities offered through NorthStar Securities, LLC, member FINRA/SIPC, an affiliate of NorthStar/RXR, the dealer manager for NorthStar/RXR. NorthStar Securities, LLC is doing business as NorthStar BD Securities, LLC (DE) in the following states: FL, GA, TX and WA.














Log in
create an account




Username




Password




Remember Me










 






















SEC Info - RXR Real Estate Value Added Fund - Fund III LP - ‘D’ on 12/31/15










SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In




RXR Real Estate Value Added Fund - Fund III LP – ‘D’ on 12/31/15On:  Thursday, 12/31/15, at 12:17pm ET   ·   Effective:  12/31/15   ·   Accession #:  895345-15-318   ·   File #:  21-254276
Previous ‘D’:  None   ·   Next & Latest:  ‘D/A’ on 12/27/16



  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    For·On·As Docs:Size              Issuer               Agent

12/31/15  RXR RE Value Added Fd - Fd III LP D          12/31/15    1:7K                                     Fried Fr..Jacobson/NY/FAF-->Notice of an Offering of Securities Made Without Registration   —   Form DFiling Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: D           Notice of an Offering of Securities Made Without    HTML      8K 
                          Registration -- primary_doc.xml/7.7                    

D-->P-->

This document is an XML File that may be rendered in various formats:Form D  –  Plain Text  –  EDGAR System  –  SEC Website  –  XML Listing  –  <?xml?> File  






The Securities and Exchange Commission has not necessarily reviewed the information in this filing and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.The reader should not assume that the information is accurate and complete.


﻿
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549FORM DNotice of Exempt Offering of Securities


OMB APPROVAL




OMB Number:
3235-0076


Estimated average burden


hours per response:
4.00









1. Issuer's Identity



CIK (Filer ID Number)
Previous Names



X
None



Entity Type


1661787

﻿



  
Corporation


X
Limited Partnership


  
Limited Liability Company


  
General Partnership


  
Business Trust


  
Other (Specify)




Name of Issuer


RXR Real Estate Value Added Fund - Fund III LP


Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization


DELAWARE


Year of Incorporation/Organization






  
Over Five Years Ago


X
Within Last Five Years (Specify Year)
2015


  
Yet to Be Formed







2. Principal Place of Business and Contact Information



Name of Issuer


RXR Real Estate Value Added Fund - Fund III LP


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


625 RXR PLAZA


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode
Phone Number of Issuer


UNIONDALE
NEW YORK
11556
516-506-6000



3. Related Persons



Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Rechler
Scott


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


625 RXR Plaza


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Uniondale
NEW YORK
11556






Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
  
Director
  
Promoter



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):



Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Barnett
Jason


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


625 RXR Plaza


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Uniondale
NEW YORK
11556






Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
  
Director
  
Promoter



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):



Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Maturo
Michael


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


625 RXR Plaza


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Uniondale
NEW YORK
11556






Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
  
Director
  
Promoter



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):



Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Rechler
Todd


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


625 RXR Plaza


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Uniondale
NEW YORK
11556






Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
  
Director
  
Promoter



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):



Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Conniff
Richard


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


625 RXR Plaza


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Uniondale
NEW YORK
11556






Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
  
Director
  
Promoter



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
4. Industry Group







  
Agriculture



﻿
Banking & Financial Services



﻿



  
Commercial Banking


  
Insurance


  
Investing


  
Investment Banking


X
Pooled Investment Fund



﻿



  
Hedge Fund


  
Private Equity Fund


  
Venture Capital Fund


X
Other Investment Fund






﻿
Is the issuer registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940? 



﻿



  
Yes
X
No





  
Other Banking & Financial Services





  
Business Services



﻿
Energy



﻿



  
Coal Mining






﻿



  
Electric Utilities






﻿



  
Energy Conservation






﻿



  
Environmental Services






﻿



  
Oil & Gas






﻿



  
Other Energy












﻿
Health Care



﻿



  
Biotechnology






﻿



  
Health Insurance






﻿



  
Hospitals & Physicians






﻿



  
Pharmaceuticals






﻿



  
Other Health Care





  
Manufacturing



﻿
Real Estate



﻿



  
Commercial






﻿



  
Construction






﻿



  
REITS & Finance






﻿



  
Residential






﻿



  
Other Real Estate














  



Retailing





  



Restaurants



﻿
Technology



﻿



  
Computers






﻿



  
Telecommunications






﻿



  
Other Technology






﻿
Travel



﻿



  
Airlines & Airports






﻿



  
Lodging & Conventions






﻿



  
Tourism & Travel Services






﻿



  
Other Travel








  



Other







5. Issuer Size










Revenue Range
OR
Aggregate Net Asset Value Range


  
No Revenues
  
No Aggregate Net Asset Value


  
$1 - $1,000,000
  
$1 - $5,000,000


  
$1,000,001 - $5,000,000
  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000


  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000
  
$25,000,001 - $50,000,000


  
$25,000,001 - $100,000,000
  
$50,000,001 - $100,000,000


  
Over $100,000,000
  
Over $100,000,000


  
Decline to Disclose
X
Decline to Disclose


  
Not Applicable
  
Not Applicable



6. Federal Exemption(s) and Exclusion(s) Claimed (select all that apply)








﻿  
Rule 504(b)(1) (not (i), (ii) or (iii))



﻿  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(i)



﻿  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(ii)



﻿  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(iii)



﻿  
Rule 505



﻿X
Rule 506(b)



﻿  
Rule 506(c)



﻿  
Securities Act Section 4(a)(5)












X
Investment Company Act Section 3(c)









X
Section 3(c)(1)
  
Section 3(c)(9)  








  
Section 3(c)(2)
  
Section 3(c)(10)








  
Section 3(c)(3)
  
Section 3(c)(11)








  
Section 3(c)(4)
  
Section 3(c)(12)








  
Section 3(c)(5)
  
Section 3(c)(13)








  
Section 3(c)(6)
  
Section 3(c)(14)








X
Section 3(c)(7)










7. Type of Filing



X
New Notice

﻿
Date of First Sale
 12/18/15

﻿
  
First Sale Yet to Occur


  
Amendment



8. Duration of Offering



Does the Issuer intend this offering to last more than one year?

﻿



  
Yes
X
No






9. Type(s) of Securities Offered (select all that apply)









  
Equity
X
Pooled Investment Fund Interests


  
Debt
  
Tenant-in-Common Securities


  
Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Another Security
  
Mineral Property Securities


  
Security to be Acquired Upon Exercise of Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Security
  
Other (describe)



﻿

﻿



10. Business Combination Transaction



Is this offering being made in connection with a business combination transaction, such as a merger, acquisition or exchange offer?

﻿



  
Yes
X
No






Clarification of Response (if Necessary):11. Minimum Investment



Minimum investment accepted from any outside investor
$0
USD



12. Sales Compensation




Recipient



Recipient CRD Number
X
None








(Associated) Broker or Dealer
X
None






(Associated) Broker or Dealer CRD Number
X
None





Street Address 1
Street Address 2


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/Postal Code





State(s) of Solicitation (select all that apply)Check “All States” or check individual States
  
All States






  
Foreign/non-US







13. Offering and Sales Amounts



Total Offering Amount

﻿
USD



or
X
Indefinite





Total Amount Sold
$66,087,105
USD


Total Remaining to be Sold

﻿
USD



or
X
Indefinite






Clarification of Response (if Necessary):14. Investors






  



Select if securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, and enter the number of such non-accredited investors who already have invested in the offering.











﻿
Regardless of whether securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, enter the total number of investors who already have invested in the offering:




4







15. Sales Commissions & Finder's Fees Expenses
Provide separately the amounts of sales commissions and finders fees expenses, if any. If the amount of an expenditure is not known, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.



Sales Commissions
$0
USD



  
Estimate





Finders' Fees
$0
USD



  
Estimate






Clarification of Response (if Necessary):16. Use of Proceeds
Provide the amount of the gross proceeds of the offering that has been or is proposed to be used for payments to any of the persons required to be named as executive officers, directors or promoters in response to Item 3 above. If the amount is unknown, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.




﻿
$0
USD



  
Estimate






Clarification of Response (if Necessary):Signature and Submission
Please verify the information you have entered and review the Terms of Submission below before signing and clicking SUBMIT below to file this notice.
Terms of Submission



In submitting this notice, each issuer named above is:




Notifying the SEC and/or each State in which this notice is filed of the offering of
securities described and undertaking to furnish them, upon written request, in the accordance with applicable
law, the information furnished to offerees.*


Irrevocably appointing each of the Secretary of the SEC and, the Securities Administrator
or other legally designated officer of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal
place of business and any State in which this notice is filed, as its agents for service of
process, and agreeing that these persons may accept service on its behalf, of any notice,
process or pleading, and further agreeing that such service may be made by registered or
certified mail, in any Federal or state action, administrative proceeding, or arbitration
brought against it in any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, if the
action, proceeding or arbitration (a) arises out of any activity in connection with the
offering of securities that is the subject of this notice, and (b) is founded, directly or
indirectly, upon the provisions of:  (i) the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the
Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or any rule or regulation under any of these statutes, or (ii)
the laws of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal place of business or any State
in which this notice is filed.


Certifying that, if the issuer is claiming a Regulation D exemption for the offering, the issuer is not disqualified from relying on Regulation D for one of the reasons stated in Rule 505(b)(2)(iii) or Rule 506(d).





Each Issuer identified above has read this notice, knows the contents to be true, and has duly caused this notice to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized person.
For signature, type in the signer's name or other letters or characters adopted or authorized as the signer's signature.



Issuer
Signature
Name of Signer
Title
Date




RXR Real Estate Value Added Fund - Fund III LP
/s/ Jason Barnett
Jason Barnett
Executive Vice President and Secretary
 12/31/15




* This undertaking does not affect any limits Section 102(a) of the National Securities Markets
Improvement Act of 1996 ("NSMIA") [Pub. L. No. 104-290, 110 Stat. 3416 (Oct. 11, 1996)] imposes on the ability of States to
require information. As a result, if the securities that are the subject of this Form D are "covered securities" for purposes
of NSMIA, whether in all instances or due to the nature of the offering that is the subject of this Form D, States cannot
routinely require offering materials under this undertaking or otherwise and can require offering materials only to the
extent NSMIA permits them to do so under NSMIA's preservation of their anti-fraud authority.
↑TopFiling Submission 0000895345-15-000318   –   Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, et al.)
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Fri, 28 Jul 12:38:00.0 GMT 






Limited Partnership Agreement, Limited Partnership Contracts - Free Legal Documents (page 1 Of 47)

















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Limited Partnership Agreement    

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents













SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>








Limited Partnership Agreements 





	These Limited Partnership Agreements are actual legal documents drafted by top law firms for their clients. Use them for competitive intelligence, drafting documents or to get information about transactions within a particular industry or sector. We have millions of legal documents and clauses that you can search for free.	



1) AMENDMENT NO. 5 TO FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF SUNOCO LP March 30, 2017Parties: SUNOCO LP | Sunoco GP LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/31/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
2) AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIPParties: HOSPITALITY INVESTORS TRUST, INC. | American Realty Capital Hospitality Advisors, LLC | American Realty Capital Hospitality Grace Portfolio, LLC | American Realty Capital Hospitality Operating Partnership, LP | American Realty Capital Hospitality Properties, LLC | American Realty Capital Hospitality Special Limited Partnership, LLC | BROOKFIELD STRATEGIC REAL ESTATE PARTNERS II HOSPITALITY REIT II LLC | BSREP II HOSPITALITY II SPECIAL GP OP LLC | Crestline Hotels  Resorts, LLC | HOSPITALITY INVESTORS TRUST OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP | HOSPITALITY INVESTORS TRUST, INC | Initial Preferred LP | Revised Uniform Limited Partnership 
								
								Document Date: 3/31/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
3) NESTOR PARTNERS AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIPParties: NESTOR PARTNERS | All Limited Partners | Millburn Ridgefield Corporation | New Jersey Uniform Limited Partnership 
								
								Document Date: 3/29/2017

4) AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO THE AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF BENEFIT STREET PARTNERS REALTY OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.PParties: BENEFIT STREET PARTNERS REALTY TRUST, INC. | BENEFIT STREET PARTNERS REALTY OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP | Benefit Street Partners Realty Trust LP, LLC | Benefit Street Partners Realty Trust, Inc | BSP LIMITED 
								
								Document Date: 3/29/2017

5) AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIPParties: AMERICAN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP | American Midstream GP, LLC | Magnolia Infrastructure Holdings, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
6) BioSig Technologies Announces Strategic Partnership with Mayo Clinic Ten-year agreement provides know-how, intellectual property development and clinical resources to commercialize the PURE EP? System and develop future technologiesParties: BIOSIG TECHNOLOGIES, INC. | BioSig Technologies Announces Strategic Partnership | BioSig Technologies, Inc | PURE EP(tm) System 
								
								Document Date: 3/17/2017

7) AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF ROYAL HAWAIIAN ORCHARDS, L.PParties: ROYAL HAWAIIAN ORCHARDS, L.P. | 827 Fort Street, Honolulu, Hawaii 96813 Any Limited | Mauna Loa Resources, Inc | ML Resources, Inc | ROYAL HAWAIIAN ORCHARDS, LP 
								
								Document Date: 3/15/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
8) AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF JP ENERGY PARTNERS LPParties: JP ENERGY PARTNERS LP | American Midstream GP, LLC | American Midstream, LLC, American Midstream Partners, LP | Argo Merger GP Sub, LLC | New Limited 
								
								Document Date: 3/14/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
9) FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF BREITBURN ENERGY PARTNERS LPParties: BREITBURN ENERGY PARTNERS LP | Breitburn GP LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/8/2017

10) FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF JP ENERGY PARTNERS LPParties: JP ENERGY PARTNERS LP | American Midstream GP, LLC | American Midstream Partners, LP | Argo Merger GP Sub, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/8/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
11) AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF AMERICAN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LPParties: AMERICAN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP | American Midstream GP, LLC | HIGHPOINT INFRASTRUCTURE PARTNERS, LLC | MAGNOLIA INFRASTRUCTURE PARTNERS, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/8/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
12) FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF NATURAL RESOURCE PARTNERS L.PParties: NATURAL RESOURCE PARTNERS LP | GP Natural Resource Partners LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/6/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
13) FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF INDEPENDENCE REALTY OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LPParties: INDEPENDENCE REALTY TRUST, INC | Corporate/Limited Liability Company Additional Limited | Empire American Realty Operating Partnership, LP | INDEPENDENCE REALTY OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP | Individual Additional Limited | INITIAL LIMITED PARTNERS | IRT Limited Partner, LLC | Revised Uniform Limited Partnership 
								
								Document Date: 3/3/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
14) AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO THE SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF PJT PARTNERS HOLDINGS LPParties: PJT PARTNERS INC. | PJT Partners Holding LP | PJT PARTNERS HOLDINGS LP | PJT PARTNERS INC 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
15) FIRST AMENDMENT TO THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF MPLX LPParties: MPLX LP | MPLX GP LLC 
								
								Document Date: 2/24/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
16) THIRD AMENDED  RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF SPECTRA ENERGY PARTNERS (DE) GP, LP A Delaware Limited PartnershipParties: SPECTRA ENERGY PARTNERS, LP | SPECTRA ENERGY PARTNERS (DE) GP, LP | Spectra Energy Partners GP, LLC | Spectra Energy Southeast Pipeline Corporation | Spectra Energy Transmission, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 2/24/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
17) FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF EPD PUBCO UNIT I L.PParties: ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L P | All Class B Limited Partners | ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS COMPANY | EPCO HOLDINGS, INC | EPD PUBCO UNIT I LP | Original Partnership 
								Law Firm: Vinson Elkins;Andrews Kurth
								Document Date: 2/24/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
18) FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF EPD PRIVCO UNIT I L.PParties: ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L P | All Class B Limited Partners | ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS COMPANY | EPCO HOLDINGS, INC | EPD PRIVCO UNIT I LP | Original Partnership 
								Law Firm: Vinson Elkins;Andrews Kurth
								Document Date: 2/24/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
19) FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF EPD PUBCO UNIT III L.PParties: ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L P | All Class B Limited Partners | ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS COMPANY | EPCO HOLDINGS, INC | EPD PUBCO UNIT III LP | Original Partnership 
								Law Firm: Vinson Elkins;Andrews Kurth
								Document Date: 2/24/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
20) AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO THE SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF WESTERN GAS PARTNERS, LPParties: WESTERN GAS PARTNERS LP | Western Gas Holdings, LLC | WESTERN GAS PARTNERS, LP 
								
								Document Date: 2/23/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
21) AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENTParties: TANGER FACTORY OUTLET CENTERS INC | Tanger LP | TANGER PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
								
								Document Date: 2/23/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:North Carolina
22) COMPOSITE AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P. (as amended as of July 24, 2012, December 20, 2012, January 29, 2015, February 2, 2015, June 10, 2015, September 28, 2015, October 12, 2016, and January 9, 2017)Parties: WILLIAMS PARTNERS L.P. | Williams Partners GP LLC | WILLIAMS PARTNERS LP 
								
								Document Date: 2/22/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
23) FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.PParties: CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. | All Limited Partners | Cheniere Energy Partners GP, LLC | CHENIERE ENERGY PARTNERS, LP 
								
								Document Date: 2/21/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
24) AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF AMERICAN FINANCE OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.PParties: AMERICAN FINANCE TRUST, INC | America, Inc, American Realty Capital Retail Operating Partnership, LP | American Finance Operating Partnership, LP | American Realty Capital Retail Advisor, LLC | Genie Acquisition, LLC | Lincoln Retail REIT Services, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 2/21/2017

25) FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENTParties: CERES TACTICAL MACRO L.P. | Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
								
								Document Date: 2/17/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
26) AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIPParties: KIMBELL ROYALTY PARTNERS, LP | KIMBELL ROYALTY GP, LLC | Organizational Limited | RIVERCREST ROYALTIES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 2/14/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
27) LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF MATRIX LAS CIENEGAS, A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIPParties: ROYALE ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. | JJM Transportation Corporation | Revised Limited Partnership | Secretary JJM Transportation Corp 
								
								Document Date: 2/14/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:California
28) AMENDED  RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT Matrix Investments, L.P. A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIPParties: ROYALE ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. | AMENDED  RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP | GROVES INVESTMENTS CORPORATION | Hot Springs Rach Corp | JORDAN ENTERPRISES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP | JRS ENERGY INVESTMENTS, LLC | Matrix Investments, LP | Matrix Oil Management Corporation | MEETEETSE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP | OVE Inc | PEM Management Corporation | PEM RESOURCES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP | Revised Limited Partnership | Sugar Shack Enterprises LLC | Walou Corp 
								
								Document Date: 2/14/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:California
29) LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT Matrix Permian Limited Partnership, LP A TEXAS LIMITED PARTNERSHIPParties: ROYALE ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. | Matrix Partnership Management Corporation | Matrix Permian Limited Partnership, LP 
								
								Document Date: 2/14/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
30) FIRST AMENDMENT TO FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF INLAND RESIDENTIAL OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.PParties: INLAND RESIDENTIAL PROPERTIES TRUST, INC. | Inland Real Estate Investment Corporation | INLAND RESIDENTIAL OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP | INLAND RESIDENTIAL PROPERTIES TRUST SPECIAL LIMITED PARTNER, LLC | INLAND RESIDENTIAL PROPERTIES TRUST, INC 
								
								Document Date: 2/2/2017

31) AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF SANCHEZ PRODUCTION PARTNERS LPParties: SANCHEZ PRODUCTION PARTNERS LP | Sanchez Production Partners GP LLC 
								
								Document Date: 1/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
32) ADOPTION OF THIRD ADDENDUM TO FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF PREIT ASSOCIATES, L.P. DESIGNATING THE RIGHTS, OBLIGATIONS, DUTIES AND PREFERENCES OF SERIES C PREFERRED UNITS January 27, 2017Parties: PENNSYLVANIA REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST | Pennsylvania Real Estate | PREIT Associates, LP | State Corporation 
								
								Document Date: 1/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Pennsylvania
33) EIGHTH AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF ENBRIDGE ENERGY, LIMITED PARTNERSHIPParties: ENBRIDGE ENERGY PARTNERS LP | Enbridge Energy Company, Inc | ENBRIDGE ENERGY MANAGEMENT, LLC | ENBRIDGE ENERGY, LIMITED PARTNERSHIP | Enbridge Inc | Enbridge Partners | ENBRIDGE PIPELINES (EASTERN ACCESS) LLC | ENBRIDGE PIPELINES (L3R) LLC | ENBRIDGE PIPELINES (LAKEHEAD) LLC | ENBRIDGE PIPELINES (MAINLINE EXPANSION) LLC | ENBRIDGE PIPELINES (WISCONSIN) INC 
								
								Document Date: 1/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
34) FIRST AMENDMENT TO SIXTH AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF PREFERRED APARTMENT COMMUNITIES OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.PParties: PREFERRED APARTMENT COMMUNITIES INC | Initial Limited | PREFERRED APARTMENT COMMUNITIES OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, LP | Preferred Apartment Communities, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 1/26/2017

35) AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF MAGELLAN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, L.PParties: MAGELLAN MIDSTREAM PARTNERS LP | All Limited Partners | Magellan GP, LLC | Magellan Midstream Partners, LP 
								
								Document Date: 1/17/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
36) AMENDMENT NO. 4 TO THE SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF DCP MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LPParties: DCP MIDSTREAM, LP | DCP MIDSTREAM GP, LLC | DCP Midstream GP, LP | DCP MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP 
								
								Document Date: 1/17/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
37) THIRD AMENDMENT TO FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF GLADSTONE COMMERCIAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPParties: GLADSTONE COMMERCIAL CORP | GLADSTONE COMMERCIAL CORPORATION | Gladstone Commercial Limited Partnership | ORIGINAL LIMITED 
								
								Document Date: 1/12/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
38) AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIPParties: FIRST CAPITAL REAL ESTATE TRUST INC | Corporate/Limited Liability Company Additional Limited | First Capital Real Estate Operating Partnership, LP | First Capital Real Estate Trust Incorporated | INITIAL LIMITED | PRESIDENTIAL REALTY CORPORATION | PRESIDENTIAL REALTY OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP 
								
								Document Date: 1/12/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
39) AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIPParties: PRESIDENTIAL REALTY CORP/DE/ | Corporate/Limited Liability Company Additional Limited | First Capital Real Estate Operating Partnership, LP | First Capital Real Estate Trust Incorporated | INITIAL LIMITED | PRESIDENTIAL REALTY CORPORATION | PRESIDENTIAL REALTY OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP 
								
								Document Date: 1/12/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
40) FORM OF AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF INVITATION HOMES OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP a Delaware limited partnershipParties: INVITATION HOMES INC. | INVITATION HOMES INC | INVITATION HOMES OP GP LLC | INVITATION HOMES OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP | SPECIAL LIMITED 
								
								Document Date: 1/6/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
41) OPERATING PARTNERSHIP AND THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENTParties: GRAMERCY PROPERTY TRUST | Operating Partnership | Securities Exchange Commission 
								
								Document Date: 1/6/2017

42) AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIPParties: ROYAL ENERGY RESOURCES, INC. | RHINO GP LLC | RHINO RESOURCE PARTNERS LP 
								
								Document Date: 1/6/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
43) AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF CHENIERE CORPUS CHRISTI PIPELINE, L.PParties: CHENIERE CORPUS CHRISTI HOLDINGS, LLC | Cheniere Corpus Christi Pipeline, LP | CORPUS CHRISTI PIPELINE GP, LLC | Initial General Partner and Initial Limited 
								
								Document Date: 1/5/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
44) SECOND AMENDMENT TO THE FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF GPT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LPParties: GRAMERCY PROPERTY TRUST | GPT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP 
								
								Document Date: 1/4/2017

45) BGC HOLDINGS, L.P. TWELFTH AMENDMENT TO AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, AS AMENDED AND RESTATEDParties: BGC PARTNERS, INC. | BGC HOLDINGS, LP 
								
								Document Date: 12/16/2016

46) AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF PILLARSTONE CAPITAL REIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LPParties: PILLARSTONE CAPITAL REIT | PILLARSTONE CAPITAL REIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP 
								
								Document Date: 12/13/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
47) AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF PILLARSTONE CAPITAL REIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LPParties: WHITESTONE REIT | PILLARSTONE CAPITAL REIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP 
								
								Document Date: 12/9/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
48) SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF DOMINION MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP TABLE OF CONTENTSParties: DOMINION MIDSTREAM PARTNERS, LP | Dominion Midstream GP, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 12/1/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
49) FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF EVERCORE LP Dated as of November 15, 2016Parties: EVERCORE PARTNERS INC. | APPLICABLE LIMITED | EVERCORE LP | Evercore Partners Inc 
								Law Firm: Wachtell Lipton
								Document Date: 11/18/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
50) HARTMAN XX LIMITED PARTNERSHIP DEED OF TRUST, SECURITY AGREEMENT, FINANCING STATEMENT, AND ABSOLUTE ASSIGNMENT OF RENTSParties: HARTMAN VREIT XXI, INC. | HARTMAN VILLAGE POINTE, LLC | Hartman XX Limited Partnership 
								
								Document Date: 11/18/2016

 




Browse by StateGo directly to a specific page of results:1234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829303132333435363738394041424344454647 
 
 

 












