    RxREVU , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com    Bruce Donaldson | RxREVU , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














RxREVU, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:58 AM ET
Health Care Technology

Company Overview of RxREVU, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
RxREVU, Inc. provides medication savings dataset for healthcare applications, including transparency portals, insurance companies, and consumer mobile applications. Its cost-reduction strategies include therapeutic alternatives, splitting combination drugs, dividing high doses, generic substitutions, splitting pills, over the counter, quantity discounts, and more. The company serves consumers and businesses. RxREVU, Inc. was founded in 2013 and is based in Denver, Colorado.


1062 Delaware StreetDenver, CO 80204United StatesFounded in 2013



Phone: 617-306-9636

www.rxrevu.com







Key Executives for RxREVU, Inc.




 Carm Huntress


      	Chief Executive Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

RxREVU, Inc. Key Developments

Change Healthcare Selects RxREVU to Deliver an Enhanced Medication Selection Experience to Help Consumers
Sep 15 15
Change Healthcare, has joined forces with RxREVU to deliver an enhanced medication selection experience to help consumers, payers and providers make more informed decisions about treatment options, especially those pertaining to therapeutic alternatives. Such functionality is increasingly important as high-deductible health plans continue to grow in popularity, spurring higher out-of-pocket costs and demands for better tools to enable consumers to make value-based decisions.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 [m]pirik LLC United States 1747, Inc. United States 1EQ, Inc. United States 1healthy.world, inc. United States 20over8, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      December 22, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact RxREVU, Inc., please visit www.rxrevu.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Ali Jafarian - Senior UI/UX Engineer at RxREVU, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Ali Jafarian
Senior UI/UX Engineer at RxREVU, Inc.



Overview
Relationships Paths
Career History Non-Profit Donations & Grants 


Ali Jafarian
Senior UI/UX Engineer at RxREVU, Inc.



 Overview



Age



32
                                  (Born 01/27/1985)
                                              




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 13 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Joel Longtine

Senior Software Engineer at RxREVU, Inc.




Trent Kriete

Data Scientist at RxREVU, Inc.





Kyle Kiser

Vice President-Sales at RxREVU, Inc.




Kyle Wildnauer-Haigney

Product Development at RxREVU, Inc.





Nic Kostman

Director of Client Projects at RxREVU, Inc.




Sean Smith

Software Engineer at RxREVU, Inc.





Bruce Donaldson

Head-Business Development at RxREVU, Inc.




Daniel Caron

Founder & Chief Operating Officer at RxREVU, Inc.





David Carmody Huntress

Founder & Chief Executive Officer at RxREVU, Inc.




Kevin O'Brien

Founder & Chief Medical Officer at RxREVU, Inc.







See 3 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 3 More 


 


 Paths to Ali Jafarian



            Ali Jafarian          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Ali Jafarian






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Ali Jafarian.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Career History



Senior UI/UX Engineer

                                    2014 - Current                


RxREVU, Inc.


                  RxREVU, Inc. provides medication optimization solutions. The firm's medication optimization dataset is powered by strategies through clinical algorithm providing users with cost and options for drug on the consumer markets. The company was founded by David Carmody Huntress and Kevin O'Brien in 2013 and is headquartered in Denver, CO.                





 Non-Profit Donations & Grants



$1 - $99

                  2009
                


University of New Haven


                  The University of New Haven (UNH) is a private, nonsectarian, coeducational university located in West Haven, Connecticut, which borders the larger city of New Haven and Long Island Sound. U.S. News & World Report has named the University the 100th best university in the northeastern United States as well as in the top tier of engineering programs nationwide in its annual "America's Best Colleges" rankings.[2] Between its main campus in West Haven and its graduate school campus in Orange, Connecticut, the University is situated on approximately 122 acres of land. Combining a liberal arts education with professional training, the University comprises five degree-granting colleges: the College of Arts and Sciences, the College of Business, the Tagliatela College of Engineering, the Henry C. Lee College of Criminal Justice and Forensic Sciences, and the College of Lifelong & eLearning for adult and online students.[3]                




$1 - $99

                  2008
                


University of New Haven


                  The University of New Haven (UNH) is a private, nonsectarian, coeducational university located in West Haven, Connecticut, which borders the larger city of New Haven and Long Island Sound. U.S. News & World Report has named the University the 100th best university in the northeastern United States as well as in the top tier of engineering programs nationwide in its annual "America's Best Colleges" rankings.[2] Between its main campus in West Haven and its graduate school campus in Orange, Connecticut, the University is situated on approximately 122 acres of land. Combining a liberal arts education with professional training, the University comprises five degree-granting colleges: the College of Arts and Sciences, the College of Business, the Tagliatela College of Engineering, the Henry C. Lee College of Criminal Justice and Forensic Sciences, and the College of Lifelong & eLearning for adult and online students.[3]                





 Other Affiliations




              Ali Jafarian is affiliated with
                            RxREVU, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















RxREVU Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























rxrevu inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Application Software
RxREVU, Inc. organizes pharmaceutical information and helping payers and patients lower their medication costs. The Company sell pharmaceutical data to healthcare solution providers that are looking for cost transparency and cost saving tools within their products.




Corporate Information
Address:

44 Cook Street
Suite 609
Denver, CO 80206
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.rxrevu.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

































 





Prescription Decision Support by RxRevu














































Request Information

Industry News
 Login










Menu
×




Request Information

 Login








PDS™ [ Prescription Decision Support™ ]

Drive Informed, Consistent and Measurable Prescription Decisions.

Request Information
Learn more 








RxCheck™ Platform
Leverage Data to Enhance Existing EHR Workflows and Alerts





RxCheck™ Modules
Customized Solutions that Solve your Specific Prescribing Challenges





RxCheck™ Analytics
Real-time Insights & Analytics around Prescribing Behavior













It Starts with a Decision...
Today, prescribers are making complex purchasing decisions on their patients' behalf. Key information is missing at the point of care.






 Did the patient fill their medication?
 Does a gap in care exist?
 Is there a more cost-effective alternative?









RxCheck™ Platform
Leverage patient data, claims, formularies, cost and clinical protocols to enhance your existing EHR workflows.

 Enable Consistent Prescribing
 Optimize Pharmacy Spend
 Improve Patient Care
 Drive Performance Metrics















RxCheck™ Modules
Customized solutions that solve your specific prescribing challenges.









Cost Optimization





Benefit Guidance





Adherence Messaging





Pharmacogenomics





Antimicrobial Stewardship





Gaps in Care












RxCheck™ Analytics
Gain real-time insights and analytics around prescribing behavior.







Custom Reporting
RxCheck™ delivers custom reporting so you can analyze prescribing data to gain actionable insights.







Critical Metrics
Track the critical metrics around prescribing that drive performance and outcomes.







Predictive Analytics
Unlock the power of machine learning with our predictive analytics for next generation prescribing.














Trusted By Healthcare Leaders
We've built solutions for some of the leading names in healthcare.



















As Featured In












Request Information





Complete the form and we'll contact you to better understand your needs.


Full name*
Company*
Role
Email*
Phone*


-- Specialty (please select) --
Allergy / Immunology
Cardiology
Dermatology
Endocrinology
Gastroenterology
Internal Medicine
Nephrology
Neurology
Otolaryngology
Primary Care
Psychiatry
Rheumatology
Other




-- EHR (please select) --
Epic
Cerner
athenahealth
eClinicalWorks
Allscripts
Other



 




















About Us


About RxRevu™


RxRevu™ Provider Advisory Board


RxRevu™ Careers
                            



Pharmaceutical Industry News




Contact Us



contact@rxrevu.com



                        (800) 360-4965


                        1553 Platte St. Suite 202 - Denver CO, 80202



Connect






















Terms of Use


Privacy




© Copyright RxRevu™. All rights reserved.









×
Request Information


Complete the form below to see how your organization can benefit from RxRevu™'s Prescription Intelligence Platform™:


Full name*
Company*
Role
Email*
Phone*


-- Specialty (please select) --
Allergy / Immunology
Cardiology
Dermatology
Endocrinology
Gastroenterology
Internal Medicine
Nephrology
Neurology
Otolaryngology
Primary Care
Psychiatry
Rheumatology
Other




-- EHR (please select) --
Epic
Cerner
athenahealth
eClinicalWorks
Allscripts
Other



 










×
Search










Please enter a valid search term
 










×














Loading...














 
 





















 





RxRevu, Inc. | F6S










 



 















Log in with





Sign in







This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more



































RxRevu, Inc.






















 


        This profile hasn't been verified. Claim it now












I am an



of RxRevu, Inc.








                Employees                            







                Admin            



Carm Huntress

                                                    CEO                                                














            Recommendations                    




















 









 




Add Your

Event
Startup
Job Listing
Deal
Accelerator
Inv. Fund
Angel Group
Contest
Coworking




Internet of Things
Get Free Deals
Promote your own Deal
Startup Jobs
Startups
Contests
Startup Events
Investment Funds
Accelerators
R&D Tax Relief




About
F6S API
Privacy policy
Terms and Conditions
Cookie Policy
Feedback













                © 2017 F6S Network Limited. All rights reserved.            

Powered by











 





About RxRevu














































Request Information

Industry News
 Login










Menu
×




Request Information

 Login







About RxRevu™
We're building the most advanced prescription intelligence platform in the world.









RxRevu™ helps consumers and providers find the best drugs available based on cost, condition, and clinical research. Our mission is to help people live happier and healthier lives by finding the most effective treatment at the lowest cost.















7
Years of Study into the Prescribing Habits of Doctors





6K
Recommendations Covering All Major Brand Medications











RxRevu™ is based on three years of efficacy research and seven years of study into the prescribing habits of doctors. It is the most comprehensive data source available today for analyzing the relative cost and quality of medications.









Our Team






Carm Huntress
CEO

Carm is a entrepreneur and strategic leader with over 20 years of
experience in startups focused around consumer and enterprise
technology. His first web development and hosting company he started
while in high school was eventually acquired in 2001.  After finishing his
degree in electrical engineering at Northeastern University in 2004, he
went on to work for PlumVoice, an IVR and voice technology startup, where
he ran their network operations.  He later was asked to run product
development at My Perfect Gig, a Northbridge and Commonwealth Venture
start-up. 
After two years as CTO at Reef Partners, where he ran the technology for a
number of portfolio companies, he became CTO at Audiogon.com, the
largest high end audio site in the world.  He managed the transition of the
core technology platform and team for growth.  In 2013 he moved to
Denver where he founded RxRevu™.







Kyle Kiser
VP of Sales

Kyle has nearly a decade of experience in the value chain of health care.
                        A passions for impactful and purpose driven businesses has lead him to be on the leading
                        edge of empowering healthcare consumers.  Kyle has been a part of developing wellness
                        strategies for some of the countries most innovative employers and lead product launches
                        with some of the nationals largest payors.  Director level experience at Principal
                        Wellness Company (NYSE:PFG), WellTok, and Catapult Health give Kyle a unique prospective
                        on the trajectory of healthcare.  Kyle leads the payors strategy efforts for RxRevu™ and
                        is committed to creating more connected and informed relationships between Consumers, Payors, and Providers.







Kevin O'Brien
Chief Medical Officer

Physician with 25 years of clinical experience. Created several disease management
                        programs for health plans. Spent 7 years as medical director of America's largest
                        physician and patient education company, (which is now called PatientPoint). Major
                        role was to conduct focus groups of doctors and patients and determine why
                        doctors prescribe what they prescribe, and what patients want. At RxRevu™ he
                        translates this experience into a comprehensive data platform to reduce pharma
                        costs for patients and payers.







Peregrin Marshall
CTO


Peregrin brings over 15 years of application development and start-up experience to the table and specializes in software development and product design. Peregrin is responsible for the overall platform and data infrastructure at RxRevu™. He has been able to collaborate closely with physicians and scientists, bridging the gap between technology and evidence-based medicine. He has been a key contributor to CDS Hooks, a standard for event-driven clinical decision support.

Working with industry professionals from across the country, and engineers from leading EMRs, he is bringing the power of big data and the agility of the web to the EMR experience. Through his experience in working with a variety of EMRs, including Epic, Cerner, Athena Health, and Avatar, he has used technology and 3rd party data to improve clinical outcomes and improve provider efficiency.











Aaron Cornell
CFO

With nearly 20 years of experience, Aaron specializes in management of finance, governance,
                       and strategic human resource functions for high-growth, venture backed start-up companies.
                       He is currently the Co-Founder and CFO of Tech Elevator, a bootcamp teaching novices how to
                       become computer programmers over a 14-week program, and the Managing Member of Gypsy
                       Brewery, operating out of the former Leisy Bottling Works building.







Bruce Donaldson
Business Development

Bruce is a business development leader with experience in creating and building
                        software, services and healthcare IT businesses.  His skills include strategic
                        planning, marketing, strategic partnerships, go-to-market strategies and execution.
                        He has a BS in mechanical engineering from Purdue University and an MBA from the
                        Harvard Business School. Bruce brings practical wisdom to the team and helps to
                        shape business strategy with sharp insights, every step of the way.







Trent Kriete
Data Scientist

10+ years in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and advanced statistical
                        techniques. Trent also has 15+ years of experience in full stack web application
                        development and is an expert on the basis of human behavior with publications in
                        top academic journals. Trent is responsible for the creation of the predictive
                        analytics and statistical components of RxRevu™. His work is robust and is paving
                        the way for a better understanding of medication efficacy.







Nic Kostman
Director of Client Projects


                        Nic joined RxRevu™ after 4 years of career foundation at a Sealed Air Corporation subsidiary
                        where he consulted, implemented, and managed supply chain QA IT solutions for elite organizations
                        in pharmacy and medical device distribution. He provides leadership in market assessment,
                        strategic partnerships, and implementation expertise that help drive the development of RxRevu™ products
                        and go-to-market strategies. Nic recently completed his MBA in Finance and Health Sector Management
                        from Arizona State University.
                    









Joel Longtine
Sr. Software Engineer

9+ years of software development experience, working full time at 5 startups and
                        contracting at others. Trained as a software engineer and computer scientist at
                        Colorado School of Mines. Experience in full stack development, with a focus on
                        server-side development in Ruby/Ruby on Rails, Python, Java, Go and others.
                        Experience working with large data systems, messaging systems, web systems,
                        performance improvements, and machine learning. Experienced in managing and
                        building teams in a fast-paced startup environment.







Weston Blakeslee
Director of Clinical Pharmacology


                        Wes is a scientist with 7 years of research experience in a vast array of topics, including: salmonella
                        pathogenesis, human arterial aging, protein biochemistry, cancer stem cells, clinical trial design, and
                        cardiovascular pharmacology. He developed novel heart failure therapeutics during his dissertation
                        research at the University of Colorado-Anschutz Medical Campus. His passion for improving the way patient
                        symptoms are managed with pharmacotherapy led him to join RxRevu™, with the goal of achieving personalized
                        medicine both quantitatively and qualitatively. Wes earned his PhD in Pharmacology in September 2015 and
                        joined the RxRevu™ team shortly after.
                    







Sean Smith
Software Engineer

Sean started his career as an analyst for a venture capital firm focused on seed stage
                        investments in emerging markets. He specialized in mobile technology and was responsible
                        for sourcing deals and leading the due diligence process. In 2011 he opened the firm's
                        first international office in Nairobi, Kenya, the world's most successful mobile payments
                        market. In 2013 he struck a partnership with Safaricom, the world's largest mobile payments
                        provider, to launch a mobile technology accelerator - for which he was the Program Manager.
                        After the program's first cohort was completed Sean moved back to the US to pursue his goal
                        of learning how to write software himself. He joined gSchool, a full-stack immersive program
                        for Rails, JavaScript, HTML/CSS, etc. and soon after joined RxRevu™.







Susan Francisco
Executive Assistant

Susan has six years experience as an executive assistant. A graduate of Western Michigan University,
                        Susan coordinates high-level partnerships and facilitates meetings and schedules for the team.









Daniel Kramer
Senior Counsel


Attorney and scientist with over 10 years experience in medical and legal environments.  Past
work includes academic and private scientific research, counsel at a prestigious law firm,
government and corporate general counsel positions.  Daniel specializes in business strategy,
intellectual property utilization, and contract negotiation and drafting.  Daniel operates under the
belief that every business relationship will thrive as long as both parties are properly aligned and
incentivized.  Daniel has a BS in Biochemistry from Wake Forest University and a JD from the
University of Maryland and is currently barred in the State of Colorado.








Kelly Bryant
Director of Marketing


Kelly is responsible for RxRevu™’s marketing and communications strategy. She has over a
decade of experience in healthcare sales and marketing, management consulting and
analytics. Her passion for health and wellness inspired her to join Paladina Health as an
early-stage start-up, focused on delivering value-based, direct primary care services. At
Paladina Health (owned by dialysis leader, DaVita), she deepened relationships with
brokers, payers and C-level executives through strategic content development, product
enhancement and value-focused marketing and business development initiatives. Prior to
joining RxRevu™, Kelly led a Business Intelligence department focused on marketing analytics
at a travel membership company.
                    






Tom Groom
Strategic Advisor


Tom Groom supports RxRevu’s growth as a Strategic Advisor. He is a recognized expert and leader in healthcare information technology. His current work includes helping healthcare companies bring emerging technology to market to address population health, reducing costs and improving the patient experience. With three decades of experience in business development across a variety of healthcare, pharmacy and technology companies, Tom has helped move the industry forward through his subject matter expertise and reputation as an innovator.
 
Tom's background includes serving as CEO of HealthNexis, and as a Senior Director at McKesson among other well-known companies.  His ability to facilitate technological connection in healthcare was honed during the 9 years he spent as the Senior Vice President of Business Development for RxHub LLC (now called Surescripts). His responsibilities there included Business Development, Marketing and Communications, as well as Federal Affairs. Along with those responsibilities, Tom provided advisory and leadership roles to e-Prescribing initiatives throughout the country, such as SEMI (SouthEast Michigan Initiative) and ePrescribe Florida. Through this work, Tom became a national public speaker for e-prescribing, and accepts invitations to speak before some of the most respected industry organizations and events. 
 
Tom is also involved in serving on various profit and non-profit Boards.  In 2015, he joined the board of directors for Tee It Up for The Troops. This position has supported his passion for leveraging his experiences and relationships in healthcare to support those that have served in the military. Tom has a bachelor’s degree from the University of Wisconsin (River Falls), and currently resides in the Twin Cities area in Minnesota.
                    









Stephen J. McHale
Chairman


Stephen has a 30-year career in founding, investing in and building
information technology companies. He is recognized for his leadership in
data mining, analytics and business intelligence related ventures.
Stephen was Founder, lead investor and served as Chairman of the Board
and Chief Executive Officer of Explorys. Formed in partnership with
Cleveland Clinic, Explorys addresses the national imperative to leverage
electronic medical records for the improvement of Healthcare. Explorys
was acquired by IBM [NYSE: IBM] in April 2015. Prior to Explorys he served
as the Chairman of the Board and CEO of Everstream, the company he
founded in 1999 which was sold to Concurrent [NASDAQ: CCUR] in 2005. In
1985, Stephen founded McHale and Associates, Inc., a USConnect regional
office, where he served as Chairman of the Board and CEO. He was a
founding investor and served on the Board of Directors and as CEO of the
parent USConnect, an international systems integrator until its sale to IKON
Office Systems [NYSE: IKN] in 1997. Stephen is Managing Director of 23Bell
LLC Investments and an active Advisory Board Member to Genesis
Inventions.

Stephen serves on the Board of Directors for the Center for Families and
Children, a non-profit organization that makes success possible for families
in Northeast Ohio’s most challenged communities. Stephen serves on the
investment screening committee for the North Coast Angel Fund and is a
member of The Global Center for Health Innovation Industry Advisory
Board. He is also an active member of the Entrepreneurs Organization and
Kent State University’s Health Informatics Advisory Council.
                    






Steven Lindseth
Board Member


Steve has founded/co-founded and invested in companies in healthcare
devices, technology enabled services, digital media and enterprise
software. He have served on numerous boards and participated in raising
dozens of equity and debt financings from both venture capital and
corporate sources.  

He is a senior advisor to Triple Tree, a leading healthcare technology
merchant bank and private equity firm. He is on the boards of Imagescan
(transactional content management), Nucleus Health, (a leader in tele-
radiology and related image sharing technology) and Cleveland Clinic
Innovations, which oversees innovation commercialization for that
institution. He is an advisor to Healthprize, (a prescription medication
adherence company), Knowledge Factor, (a leader in neuroscience-based
education), Cyft (a new tool to enable anyone to build predictive models),
and Fitzroy Health, (building and advising tech-enabled healthcare
companies). He is a consultant to Partners Healthcare (Mass. General and
Brigham & Women's Hospitals), Mercy Health, Ariadne Labs and Anschutz
Medical Campus/University of Colorado.

Prior ventures he has been a founding investor in include Dental Research
Corp, maker of the Interplak Toothbrush (sold to Bausch & Lomb),
Thermoscan, maker of the Thermoscan Thermometer (sold to Gillette),
Complient, outsource provider of emergency medical response services
(sold to Cardiac Science), Axentis, provider of compliance software for the
pharmaceutical industry (sold to Wolters Kluwer), Explorys, clinical big data
management (sold to IBM) and YouBeauty, a women's digital media
wellness business (sold to Caivis Holdings).
                    






Jeffrey Patton
Board Member


Jeffrey Patton, M.D. serves as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the
Board for Nashville-based Tennessee Oncology, one of the largest
community oncology practices in the U.S.

He is nationally recognized in the oncology community for his extensive
clinical trial research and scholarly publications on advancing cancer
treatment and bringing exceptional care to the communities where
patients live. Dr. Patton has published eight manuscripts and nearly 20
clinical trial abstracts on cancer treatment research. He specializes in all
adult malignancies and holds memberships in the Tennessee Oncology
Practice Society and the American Society of Clinical Oncology, where he
serves on the ASCO Clinical Practice Committee.

Dr. Patton, a graduate of Eastern Virginia Medical School in Norfolk,
completed his residency and fellowship at Wake Forest University in
Winston-Salem, N.C., where he served as Chief Resident. He also holds a
B.A. in Psychology from the University of Virginia. He currently serves as
Chairman of the Southern Oncology Board of Directors and is on the board
of directors for PearlPoint Cancer Support. He previously served as Chief of
Staff for Southern Hills Medical Center and on the board of directors for the
Sarah Cannon Research Institute.

Dr. Patton is also co-founder and Chief Medical Officer of Raintree
Oncology Services, a provider of comprehensive oral drug acquisition and
management services to help community oncology practices improve and
advance patient care.
                    






Albert A. Prast
Board Member


Healthcare Services/Healthcare Information Technology industry expertise
and Technology Vision and Strategy Execution functional expertise.

Albert has worked with multiple Peloton Equity portfolio companies,
including in deal diligence for HealthPlanOne, Inc. and Identity Theft Guard
Solutions, Inc.  Most significantly, Albert has served as the Chief
Information and Chief Technology Officer for AeroCare Holdings, Inc.
(Peloton I/FFC II), since 2014.  At AeroCare, Albert is focused on technology
operations, product development, and technology strategy.  Prior to joining
AeroCare, he served as an SVP at UnitedHealth Group, as CTO of the Optum
Cloud. Prior to working with UnitedHealth, he served as CIO/CTO of
Connextions Inc., a company that specialized in consumer driven healthcare
solutions for payors, and was sold to Optum (a UnitedHealth Group
company) in August of 2011 for approximately $350 million. Before
Connextions, Albert was CIO of Rotech Medical Corporation, a publicly
traded medical equipment company.

Albert is an active investor in healthcare and technology companies and
and currently serves on the Board of Directors of NucleusHealth,
MetisMachine, RxRevu™, HCF Enterprises and HCF Reality.  Albert holds a
B.A. from the University of Michigan and a M.B.A. from Rollins College
                    















We’re an NABP e-Advertiser
We're certified by the National Association of Boards of Pharmacy e-Advertiser program as a trusted health information resource. This allows us to advertise in Google search results to help people find our website.
RxRevu™, Inc.1553 Platte St, Ste 202Denver, CO 80202
(800) 360-4965













About Us


About RxRevu™


RxRevu™ Provider Advisory Board


RxRevu™ Careers
                            



Pharmaceutical Industry News




Contact Us



contact@rxrevu.com



                        (800) 360-4965


                        1553 Platte St. Suite 202 - Denver CO, 80202



Connect






















Terms of Use


Privacy




© Copyright RxRevu™. All rights reserved.









×
Request Information


Complete the form below to see how your organization can benefit from RxRevu™'s Prescription Intelligence Platform™:


Full name*
Company*
Role
Email*
Phone*


-- Specialty (please select) --
Allergy / Immunology
Cardiology
Dermatology
Endocrinology
Gastroenterology
Internal Medicine
Nephrology
Neurology
Otolaryngology
Primary Care
Psychiatry
Rheumatology
Other




-- EHR (please select) --
Epic
Cerner
athenahealth
eClinicalWorks
Allscripts
Other



 










×
Search










Please enter a valid search term
 










×














Loading...






