
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017











High capacity shear fastener - RYAN; JOHN L.




































Login
                    
Sign up
                    









Search
                            





                                    Expert Search


                                    Quick Search








Patents/Apps
                                




                                    Non-Patent Literature
                                












SEARCH


                            RESEARCH



                            MPEP 2.0



                            TOOLS & RESOURCES
                        



                            ACCLAIM IP
                        


HELP






 

















Title:


                    High capacity shear fastener                





                    United States Patent 4696423                












Abstract:

            A hollow sheet metal steel fastener for joining wood and/or wood product assemblies subjected to high shear and bending stress loadings. The fastener comprises an elongated, equilateral triangular tubular shaft with continuous stiffening ribs along the centerlines of the three sides to effect and approximate a six pointed star form when viewed in cross section providing a uniquely rigid shaft to withstand lateral shear forces across the transverse section and longitudinal bending stresses. The fastener further comprises three integral, uniquely formed flanges at opposite ends of the shaft with three driving head flanges at one end so formed as to mate with a specially designed driving tool to enable mechanically powered driving, said tool having a rounded, concave driving head as required to resistance drive the fastener into a lesser diameter lead hole in the host materials. The lead point flanges, opposite end, are multi-function and multi-mode for optional, alternative fastener applications, consisting of three V-formed flanges symmetrically formed about the longitudinal shaft centerline to permit initial insertion into the prebored lead hole in the host materials for power driving placement and then, subsequent displacement of the lead point flanges, after driving, in variable configurations to meet variable installed modes.        















Inventors:

                            Ryan, John L. (2814-27th West, Seattle, WA, 98199)                




Application Number:

            06/837010        



Publication Date:

            09/29/1987        



Filing Date:

            03/05/1986        



Export Citation:

 Click for automatic bibliography
                generation 




Assignee:

                            RYAN; JOHN L.                




Primary Class:

227/55 



Other Classes:

                                    227/156,                                    411/21,                                    411/61,                                    411/74,                                    411/447,                                    411/479                            



International Classes:

B25B31/00; F16B13/12; (IPC1-7): B21J15/04; B21J15/10        




Field of Search:

            227/55, 227/156, 29/275, 411/21, 411/74, 411/61, 411/181, 411/479        



View Patent Images:

Download PDF 4696423                 
                  PDF help




US Patent References:



4354782Drive-in expansion fastener1982-10-19Newport411/4793417525Ground supports for building structures and the like1968-12-24Dashio411/743269251Threaded inserts with sliding segmental securing means1966-08-30Bass411/213093178Retainer fastener1963-06-11Boyd411/1812823572Screw anchorages with a plurality of tongues for receiving screws of different size and length1958-02-18Gisondi411/741304887N/A1919-05-27Kennedy411/61 









Foreign References:



IT701524AFebruary, 1966411/61 






Primary Examiner:

            Bell, Paul A.        




Attorney, Agent or Firm:

                            Graybeal, Jensen & Puntigam                




Parent Case Data:

This application is a continuation-in-part of
            U.S. patent application Ser. No. 567,274, now abandoned,
            filed Dec. 30, 1983.  



Claims:

            I claim:
                1. A tool for joining together wood or wood product assemblies designed to be subjected to high shear and bending stress loadings, said tool being adapted to drive a fastener into a prebored lead hole in the assemblies, the fastener being of the type comprising a hollow shaft core of predetermined dimensions formed by a plurality of shaft sides with a plurality of driving head flanges at one end of the hollow shaft core,   said tool comprising:   an adapter shank for mating with and transmitting driving force from a mechanical power source;   a circular driving flange attached to said shank, said flange having a generally concave driving face adapted to mate with the fastener driving head flanges and designed to vector the driving force from the mechanical power source inwardly toward the hollow shaft core and into the shaft sides;   an elongated, round, rigid rod attached to said shank and said circular driving flange, said rod being adapted to be inserted into the hollow shaft core with a light friction fit;   whereby a desired alignment of the prebored lead hole, the fastener, the tool and the mechanical power source can be maintained prior to and during driving of the fastener into the assemblies under severe mechanical impacting and compressive resistance while preventing both longitudinal and transverse deformation of the fastener and while maintaining design integrity of the fastener. 
                    2. A tubular fastener having:   a shaft with a symmetrical cross-section in the configuration of an equilateral triangle,   a longitudinal outwardly projecting rib extending substantially the length of each side of the shaft,   integral lead end flanges at the first end of the shaft, said lead end flanges being extensions of the sides and formed inwardly such that the outermost ends lie within the circumference of a circle circumscribing the shaft,   integral following end flanges at the second end of the shaft, said following end flanges being integral with the sides and flared outwardly such that they extend outside the circumference of a circle circumscribing the shaft. 
                    3. A tubular fastener as in claim 2 wherein the lead end flanges are integral with the shaft and are in the form of a V flared outwardly and located totally within the circumference of a circle circumscribing the shaft.                    
                    4. A tubular fastener as in claim 2 wherein the following end flanges are each formed such that the uppermost surface extends in a forward direction as the surface extends outwardly from the longitudinal axis of the fastener.                    
                    5. A tubular fastener as in claim 4 wherein the shape of the following end flanges is engineered to mate with a driving element with a concave head to mate with the flanges and a forwardly projecting shaft which is inserted within the shaft such that the driving forces are vectored into the fastener sides.                    
                    6. Fastener means for maximum resistance to lateral shear forces adapted to be forced into a prebored hole of lesser diameter than the shaft of the fastener comprising:   a hollow, closed continuous main shaft portion of a stiffness to withstand a forced insert having a cross-section substantially that of an equilateral triangle, and including a longitudinal ridge extending substantially the length of each face of the shaft portion,   an integral driving flange extending radially outwardly at the following end of the fastener, said driving flange comprisng outwardly and forwardly extending continuations of each face whereby said flange cooperatively mates with a concave driving flange of a driving tool,   integral leading edge flanges extending radially inwardly from each face whereby when driven outwardly they engage the host material and effectively extend the shaft length when used in conjunction with a prebored hole of a diameter less than the circumscribing diameter for the shaft,   a driving tool including a shaft for insertion within the hollow shaft of the fastener and a concave head to direct the forces inwardly, said tool facilitating mechanical driving into the host material increasing the surface contact with the host material the lateral shear force resistance capacity. 
                    7. An integrally formed, folded steel tubular fastener having a rigid, uniform and symmetrical shaft having a cross-section basically in the configuration of an equilateral triangle, and having   a continuous, stiffener rib extending substantially the length and on centerline of each of the three shaft sides,   lead end flanges at the first end of the shaft formed symmetrically inwardly such that the extreme flange ends are approximately in contact about the longitudinal shaft axis,   following end flanges at the second end of the shaft formed outwardly with a compound curvature to the upper surface in a substantially `convex` form as required to mate with and sustain the power driving impact forces transmitted by a substantially `concave` driving flange. 




Description:

TECHNICAL FIELDThis invention relates to a mechanically, power driven, tubular steel fastener with a shaft which is basically triangular in cross-section and designed as a "wood critical" structural wood fastener to transfer high lateral shear stress loads with respect to both the longitudinal and transverse axes of the fastener. More particularly, the fastener used in conjunction with a specifically designed driving tool transfers the impact stresses during the driving process and transfers these stresses to the shaft sides to preclude mushrooming deformation of the head and shaft. The lead end flanges are specifically formed for driving the fastener into a lesser diameter prebored lead hole and for post driven outward deflection and partial embdement into the walls of the lead hole or alternatively, for optional deflection beyond the plane of the shaft sides to form a double headed fastener. BACKGROUND ART High volume construction techniques requiring prefabrication of wood building frames or framing components such as trusses, joists, beams, plywood diagrams and the like has necessitated the search for improved fastening means. Except for glue lamination of structural beams and girders, the joining of lumber and wood products has been largely limited to nails and staples inserted by hand or mechanical impact means. Using large quantities of low capacity fasteners to transfer large stress loads has proven to be generally impracticable both in terms of time and failure to attain the desired result. Screws afford small advantage over nails or staples having a small effective diameter shank and are thus normally used as anchors against withdrawal. Spikes, lagscrews and bolts are normally employed to connect timber beams, girders and trusses etc. These devices afford higher allowable design loads in lateral shear but due to their size, weight and use limitations are often of little benefit for commercial joining of lumber or wood product assemblies. Recent fastener inventions have included surface applied plate or framing anchor connectors that are generally used in lower structural design load capacities. Disclosures of fasteners found during a preliminary patentability search conducted during October 1981 and cited by the Examiner during the prosecution of the parent case are listed hereinafter and have been reviewed and evaluated for anticipatory purposes. These references included U.S. Pat. No. 141,810 granted to Nichols, Aug. 12, 1873, which discloses a nail fabricated from sheet metal which is grooved longitudinally to increase stiffness. U.S. Pat. No. 266,511 granted to Perkins on Oct. 24, 1882 discloses a sheet metal nail wherein the folds in the final product are contiguous. U.S. Pat. No. 273,385 granted to Perkins on Mar. 6, 1883 discloses a sheet metal nail fabricated of close proximity rolls or folds. U.S. Pat. No. 624,758 granted to Curtin on May 9, 1899 discloses a hollow plug or wedge for securing flashings to buildings but is not designed for and has no structural integrity. U.S. Pat. No. 723,452 granted to Estes on Mar. 24, 1903 discloses a hollow spike member having longitudinal cuts allowing the side portions to flare outwardly during the driving process to reduce the changes of withdrawal. U.S. Pat. No. 1,108,483 granted to Abramson Aug. 25, 1914 discloses a hollow spike member having longitudinal cuts allowing the side portions to flare outwardly during the driving process to reduce the chances of withdrawal. U.S. Pat. No. 1,344,596 granted to Shaefer on June 22, 1920 discloses a break pin or rivet type device for securing adjacent plates and serving as a pivot pin. U.S. Pat. No. 1,165,778 granted to Howard Dec. 28, 1915 discloses a railroad spike wherein the spike is fabricated of telescopically received portions such that the points of the spike will flare upon final set to impede withdrwal. U.S. Pat. No. 1,304,887 granted to Kennedy May 27, 1919 discloses nothing more than an expansion shield or bolt anchor. U.S. Pat. No. 2,321,101 granted to Openshaw on June 8, 1943 discloses a dowel pin which is adapted to be driven into adjoining wood members and flare outwardly. U.S. Pat. No. 2,404,928 granted to Schutten July 30, 1946 discloses a nail and sleeve combination which serves essentially to form an anti-withdrawal device. U.S. Pat. No. 2,543,212 granted to Waara Feb. 27, 1951 discloses a tubular headed fastener including outwardly extending teeth to fixedly engage the host material. U.S. Pat. No. 2,575,481 granted to Anderson Nov. 20, 1951 discloses a sleeve for securement of a wire fastener within a host material. U.S. Pat. No. 2,812,526 granted to Porak et al Nov. 12, 1952 discloses a sheet metal nail which is essentially opne and thus would collapse under lateral stress. U.S. Pat. No. 2,823,572 granted to Gisondi Feb. 18, 1958 discloses several species of hollow screw anchors. U.S. Pat. No. 3,058,385 granted to Abrahamsen Oct. 16, 1962 discloses a channel shaped sheet metal nail which obviously will not withstand lateral stress. U.S. Pat. No. 3,093,178 granted to Boyd on June 11, 1963 discloses a screw anchor. U.S. Pat. No. 3,352,251 granted Aug. 30, 1966 to Bass discloses a screw anchor. U.S. Pat. No. 3,352,191 granted Nov. 14, 1967 to Crawford discloses a dowel having outwardly flared barbs for securement in the host material. U.S. Pat. No. 3,417,525 granted to Dashio Dec. 24, 1968 discloses hollow ground supports for building structures obviously a non-analogous art. U.S. Pat. No. 3,710,672 granted to Hallock on Jan. 16, 1973 discloses a hollow sheet metal nail for use in an aggregate and includes outwardly flaring portions to hinder withdrawal. U.S. Pat. No. 3,983,779 granted to Dimas Oct. 5, 1976 discloses a sheet metal roofing nail. U.S. Pat. No. 4,031,802 granted to Hallock June 28, 1977 discloses a hollow sheet metal nail primarily designed for use with a lightweight base material. U.S. Pat. No. 4,167,885 granted to Paskert et al Sept. 18, 1979 discloses a L or V shaped sheet metal nail which obviously would not withstand lateral sheet stress. U.S. Pat. No. 4,354,782 granted to Newport Oct. 19, 1982 discloses a drive-in expansion fastener or screw anchor. Italian Pat. No. 701524 granted Feb. 18, 1966 discloses a sheet metal expansion device for serving as a screw anchor. U.S. Pat. No. 3,269,251 granted Aug. 30, 1966 to Bass discloses a threaded insert with anchor teeth to function as a nut. DISCLOSURE OF THE INVENTION The present invention, in contrast to the prior art known to the present inventor, pertains to a fastener for joining lumber, wood products or other materials having densities and characteristics similar to wood products into assemblies subject to high lateral shear stresses acting across the shaft (perpendicular to the longitudinal axis). The fastener further provides means to resist the forces causing rotation, withdrawal or pull-through all of which tend to part the members joined. The fastener, comprising a hollow triangular shaft with lead extension flanges and driving head flanges at the opposite ends of the shaft, is power driven under compressive resistance into a prebored lead hole in the host members. The lead hole is of a lesser diameter than the effective diameter of the fastener and the placement is by means of conventional power hammers, riveters or presses utilizing an especially designed power drive adapter tool to mate with and drive the fastener as explained in greater detail hereinafter. When power driven into the host members with the driving head flanges properly seated, a rod of a length greater than the fastener and of a diameter of the approximate inside diameter of the fastener's hollow shaft is inserted down the shaft core to impact the interior faces of the lead extension flanges and deflect them outwardly into coplanar alignment with shaft sides. The lead extension flanges are thus compressively interfaced with the surrouding host, and embedding the offset lead extension flange stiffeners into the wall of the prebore collectively extends the "effective" length of the shaft sides to transfer higher lateral shear loads, and, secondly, provides added resistance to rotation pull-through and withdrawal. During manufacture, the fastener is progressively formed from a flat sheet metal blank with a width and length selected to develop the desired fastener shaft diameter and length. Three flange extensions are included at each end of the blanks length for progressive die formation of driving head flanges and lead extension flanges with the intervening body of the blank serving as the three shaft sides. Three continuous shaft stiffener ribs are integrally stamped longitudinally on center of the shaft sides to produce outward projecting ribs on the finished piece. The three driving head flanges are formed thru approximately ninety-five degrees with offset flange stiffeners formed at the extreme flange corners which result in a slightly downturned (convex) driving head symmetrically arranged around the longitudinal axis of the fastener to mate with the round, concave face of the power driver adaptor tool flange. The three lead extension flanges are formed flat as an extension of the shaft side at the shaft end and thence transitioning to a "U" form having their extreme corners offset for flange stiffening as for the stiffened head flanges opposite, and thence finally formed having their extreme ends deflected inward in juxtaposition symmetrically about the longitudinal shaft axis as required to permit their tips to be freely inserted into the prebored lead hole for initial compressive resistance driving of the fastener. The longitudinal shaft portion of the blank is then formed into a basic equilateral triangle with the shaft corners and the three projecting longitudinal stiffening ribs at the centers of the shaft sides of a similar radius to effect a symmetrical six cornered or ribbed star form for the shaft cross-section. With the above noted prior art in mind, one of the objects of the present invention is to develop a mechanically installed, power driven, lightweight, high strength lateral shear fastener to join lumber, plywood or wood product members or materials, offering advantageous design alternatives to the use of common nails, screws, staples etc. Another object of the present invention is to develop a lateral shear fastener with exceptional shaft stiffness that could be classified as "wood critical", i.e., capable of failing, i.e., destroying, the host materials prior to fastener failure or yielding of the fastener on either longitudinal or transverse axes. Still another object of the present invention is to develop a lateral shear fastener of sheet metal which could sustain power driven impact forces sufficient to drive the fastener into a lesser diameter prebore lead hole under substantial compressive resistance, and, in turn, preload or prestress the interfacing bond between the fastener and host to significantly reduce the "initial slip" factor when the assembly is subjected to lateral shear loads. A further object of the present invention is to develop a lateral shear fastener with a shaft configuration possessing exceptional surface area contact with the host materials for a given diameter of fastener for maximum uniformity of omnidirectional stress transfer across the shaft. Yet another object of the present invention is to develop a lateral shear fastener from sheet metal that could classify as a structural fastener for adoption by building codes, i.e, meeting short and long term loading, corrosion allowances, high unit stress design loads, etc. Another object of the present invention is to develop a fastener that can be driven into a smaller diameter prebore lead hole under compressive resistance without undue distress to the host materials. Still a further object of the present invention is to develop a lateral shear fastener that provides positive mechanical resistance to rotation, pull-through and withdrawal. Another object of the present invention is to provide an especially designed power adaptor tool as required for power driving the fastener under compressive resistance while vectoring the impact forces inwardly toward and into the shaft sides, secondly, be adaptable to conventional power tools, and, thirdly, deflect the lead extension flanges outward to engage the wall of the prebore and extend the "effective" length of the shaft sides. Still another object of the present invention is to develop a fastener with lead extension flanges of sufficient size, strength and configuration which when fully driven may optionally be deflected further beyond the plane of the shaft sides to any selected countersunk angle or to approximately normal to the shaft sides similar to the driving head flanges to effect a "double headed" fastener.   BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS FIG. 1 is a view of a partially formed fastener depicting the driving head flanges, the lead extension flanges, and the stamped longitudinal stiffening ribs prior to progressive forming of the basic triangular shaft. FIG. 2 is a sectional view along lines 2--2 of FIG. 1. FIG. 3 is an elevational view of the fully formed fastener. FIG. 4 is a top plan view of the fully formed fastener. FIG. 5 is a sectional view along lines 5--5 of FIG. 3. FIG. 6 is a sectional view along lines 6--6 of FIG. 3. FIG. 7 is an isometric view of the fully formed fastener. FIG. 8 is a vertical section through an installed fastener including the power driving adaptor tool, partially withdrawn. FIG. 9 is a plan view from the bottom of a fully formed fastener. FIG. 10 is a view similar to FIG. 9, however, depicting the lead extension flanges deflected outward by the driving adaptor insert shaft in the fastener core. FIG. 11 is a vertical section similar to FIG. 8 with optional lead extension flange positions indicated to effect the "double headed" installation mode.   BEST MODE FOR CARRYING OUT THE INVENTION FIG. 1 depicts the fastener as a partially formed sheet metal blank with the three driving head flanges (22) and head flange stiffeners (24), the material for shaft sides (32) with integrally formed shaft stifferer ribs (34) and lead extension flanges (42) having lead flange stifferners (44). Referring now to FIG. 2 as seen along lines 2--2 of FIG. 1, the relative outward and slightly downwardly (convex) position of driving head flange (22) with offset flange stiffeners (24) and the lead extension flanges (42) with offset flange stiffeners (44) in relationship with the main basic shaft (32) and longitudinal stiffening ribs (34) may (most readily) be seen. As explained hereinabove, the partially formed piece as seen in FIGS. 1 and 2 is then progressively formed along fold lines between and parallel to stiffener ribs (34) and forming a fastener with a basic shaft (32) in the form of an equilateral triangle as depicted in elevation, FIG. 3. As is most clear in FIG. 4 which is a top plan view of the driving head flanges (22) and offset head flange stiffeners (24) extending radially outward to provide a rigid surface area for power impact driving, and, additionally, serve as a stop drive point when the fastener is fully driven into the prebore (62) (see FIG. 8). The basic shaft sides (32) having free edges of the blank are shown as abutting at one corner of the basic shaft and having abuttment line 36. Referring now the FIG. 5, which is a sectional view along lines 5--5 of FIG. 3, the basic shaft configuration may readily be seen, but, as further shown, the power driver adaptor shaft (56) which is sized for free insertion into the fasteners hollow core to serve for stability and prebore alignment during driving, and subsequently, using an extended or elongated adaptor shaft (56) to impact and deflect the led extension flanges outwardly. FIG. 6, taken along lines 6--6, FIG. 3, is used to show more clearly the relationship of the lead extension flanges (42) with respect to the shaft sides (32) and as depicted, the lead extension flanges and flange stiffeners (44) are formed to lie within the triangular shaft body (32) and the extreme portions of the flanges and stiffeners are freely inserted into the prebore lead hole (not shown) to augment initial resistance driving guidance. Referring to FIG. 7, an isometric view of the finished fastener, the relative positions and interrelationship of the various elements may be reaidly seen. Referring to FIG. 8, which is a composite vertical cross-section (adapted through the shaft for clarity) through the fully driven fastener joining lumber and plywood with the driving head flanges (22) and head flange stiffeners (24) driven flush with the plywood surface and lead extension flanges (42) deflected outwardly into plane of the shaft sides (32) and lead extension flange stiffeners (444) embedded into the walls of the prebore lead hole (62) to effect positive mechanical resistance to rotation, withdrawal, or pull-through fores acting against the fastener. This configuration effectively extends or elongates the shaft length in compressive contact with the host to resist longitudinal rotation or "overturning" under critical lateral shear loads. The prebored lead hole (62) is of lesser diameter than that which would circumscribe the basic shaft corners of the fastener, requiring power driving of the fastener under substantial compressional resistance and displacement of wood fibers at the wall of the prebore; the plasticity of wood or similar density materials altering the prebore hole to assume the configuration of the exterior shaft profile shown in FIG. 5 noted above. The power driver adaptor shaft (56) mentioned above is shown as partially withdrawn from the shaft core after impacting and deflecting the lead extension flanges (42) outwardly in coplanar relation with the shaft sides (32). The power driver adaptor tool comprises a power driver adaptor shank (52) of various designs to mate with conventional power tools; a power driver adaptor flange (54) with a concave face to interface with the generally convex form of the driver head flanges (22) and stiffeners (24) to vector driving impact forces inward and into the shaft sides (32) to obviate "mushrooming" deformation of the fasteners head flanges (22) and shaft (32). The driving adaptor shaft (56) is adjustable or elongated as required for stabilization and prebore alignment during power driving and subsequent impacting the inner faces of the lead extension flanges (42) to deflect them outwardly into the plane of the shaft sides (32). FIGS. 9 and 10 are views from the leading end of the fastener and as seen in FIG. 9 the fastener is as manufactured and would be driven within a prebored hole of a radius approximately equal to the radius of the extreme outer surface of the shaft stiffener ribs (34) and shows the lead extension flanges (42) and lead flange stiffeners (44) in post-driven positions whereas FIG. 10 depicts the flanges (42) and stiffeners (44) after having been impacted and deflected radially outward by an extended driving adapter shaft (56) to effect coplanar alignment with the shaft sides (32) and to extend the effective shaft length compressive interfacing with the wall of the prebore lead hoel (62). FIG. 11, similar to FIG. 8, depicts a fully installed fastener in the double headed mode with the lead extension flanges (42) and stiffeners (44) deflected optionally through a range of approximately ninety degrees beyond the plane of the shaft sides and wall of the prebore lead hole transforming the lead extension flanges to another head, similar and opposite to the driving head flanges. The option for deflecting the lead extension flanges to various intermediate angles of countersinking (not shown) is open to selection. Thus as can be seen, the present invention provides at a minimal cost for material and relative ease of fabrication a fastener which is adapted to be force driven using a particularly designed driving tool into a plastic host material resulting in a fastener with unprecedented shear resistance and security. The particular configuration of the shaft sidewalls including the reinforcing and surface contacting ribs in conjunction with the lead and head end flanges and their integral strengthening elements result in this superior fastener.  





<- Previous Patent (Hand-held tag attach...)   |   Next Patent (Jumper wire insertin...) ->










Home


Search


Services


Communities


Help


Contact us

Advertise on this Site










            © 2004-2017 FreePatentsOnline.com. All rights reserved.
            Privacy Policy
                & Terms of Use.
A SumoBrain Solutions Company


 











John L Ryan Profiles | Facebook

FacebookEmail or PhonePasswordForgot account?English (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017






















John W Ryan - Mc Lean, VA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found John W Ryan in Mc Lean, VA


John W Ryan

                                                                           Intelius found that John W Ryan  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Mc Lean, VA.  We have connected them to
                6 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

John L Ryan


Get Report Now

Age

John W Ryan is in his 50s

John Has Lived In

Mc Lean, VA
Falls Church, VA
New York, NY

John's Relatives

Walter Ryan
Jacqueline Desbois
James Ryan
Jeanne Ryan







John W Ryan



Zodiac SignAquarius



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about John? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about John, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on John W Ryan
Get a Criminal Check on John W Ryan
Get a Public Record Report on John W Ryan
Get a People Search Report on John W Ryan


John W Ryan's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where John W Ryan has lived as well as John W Ryan's phone numbers and email addresses.




John W Ryan Has Lived in 3 States
Virginia Address for John W Ryan


7205 C****** V*** D* 

Mc Lean, VA


Has Lived In

Mc Lean, VA
Falls Church, VA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with John W Ryan

(703) ***-**** - Vienna, VA 
(703) ***-**** - Mc Lean, VA 
(410) ***-**** - Severna Park, MD 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with John W Ryan

j**********r@***.com


Get Email Report




John W Ryan's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for John W Ryan


John W Ryan's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of John W Ryan's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
John Ryan
Username Matches

                  JohnRyan
                  RyanJohn
                  John.Ryan
                  Ryan.John
                  John_Ryan
                  Ryan_John
                  John-Ryan
                  Ryan-John
                  JRyan
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Ryan







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.
















John Ryan







Close
Secure Login
Please log in to access your client portal.



User Name



Password



Forgot Password?






Close
Retrieve Password
Please enter your user name to reset your password.



User Name



Back To Login






Close











Products
Solutions
Services
Contact Us
Client Login



Quick Messenger
Automated Content Execution
Network Topology
Media Player




Products




Quick Messenger CMS

A sophisticated, secure, bank-ready content management platform that can effortlessly target unique messaging down to single screens in mass display networks
JohnRyan’s Quick Messenger CMS reflects more than 35+ years of direct experience working with financial services marketers and IT executives. Our platform reflects the sophistication and granularity needed to support large, distributed organizations.
Our unique Smarts Slots system simplifies and streamlines the complicated task of tailoring in-branch messaging down to specific areas, screens or zones of screens in branches. Our clients efficiently target 1,000s of messages weekly, based on everything from sales results and real-time data, to the customer demographics of individual branches and inputs from local managers.



Smart Slots enables marketers to define rules for precise targeting based on attributes, such as target customer, geography, desired programming duration or focus, thereby creating a diverse — yet practically manageable — programming scheme across all of the screens in a network.
Quick Messenger allows clients to customize user experiences down to the task level, easily manage and monitor workflows, and integrate seamlessly and securely with data feeds and branch systems like queue management. Agencies working with banks can create template concepts that, once uploaded, instantly become fully integrated interfaces that enforce business rules and user permission structures.
We provide visualization tools that provide the digital signage industry’s only strategic overview tool of what content is playing where, and why.
Network operators can also see what is playing on any screen in the network, using our live preview tool. Along with visually confirming scheduled media files, the preview tool allows operators to view dynamic content that is being generated “on the fly” using incoming data sources.





Highlights of Quick Messenger CMS:

Bank-centric user experience
Effortless, metadata-driven content targeting and scheduling, down to a single screen (or even a zone of a screen) in a single branch
Unique strategic programming visualizer
Open architecture for data feeds and bank branch systems
Sophisticated user roles and workflows
Live preview tools for content on any deployed screen
Easily created, custom user interfaces that enforce design consistency, processes and permitted usage







Automated Content Execution (ACE)

Safely move content and instructions around a platform that’s been designed to meet the rigid security requirements of financial services companies
We know banking, and understand the need for a network architecture that respects and works with – and not around – the rigid security requirements of the financial services industry.
Our technology-agnostic platform represents decades of experience working with banks. The result is a platform proven to meet the banking industry’s significant operational and security hurdles.





JohnRyan's ACE

Successfully integrates with secure bank LANs across 1,000s of sites
Requires just a single VPN tunnel through a client bank firewall
Sends a single zip file payload of content for all sites
Works across the spectrum of delivery methods (DSL, wireless, satellite, bank LAN/WAN)
Can integrate with existing bank file delivery software, such as ManageSoft, Tivoli and ACNS/ECDS
Conserves bandwidth through download-throttling and time of day transfers







Network Topology

Media distribution tuned to secure banking environments
JohnRyan’s network architecture was created with our clients’ secure environments in mind. Clients access a web-based interface for all the content development, scheduling and control functions of the in-branch messaging network. That interface works via an Internet connection with a Messaging Manager server cluster, operated by JohnRyan at an ultra-high-availability, Type II data center. The manager system sits outside the bank's firewall, and its outputs, like schedules and media files, are transferred to the bank through a single VPN tunnel.
The unique JohnRyan message distribution protocol is designed to consume very little bandwidth while managing the payload of content distribution for sites. A network efficient synchronization process is used to move content, instructions, logs and other files between JohnRyan's Messaging Manager and the bank's data center. The distribution server can be hosted in the cloud if desired by the customer.
The system design bridges a common need for absolute network security with a balancing requirement to limit content distribution costs. The JohnRyan design results in recurring savings by removing the need for expensive high-speed connections that often need to be installed and dedicated to the bank signage network.




Media Player Software

Smooth, accurate, ultra-reliable playback through a hardware-agnostic design that emphasizes uptime
We’re not in the hardware business, and we recognize through direct experience that different banks have very different technical requirements.
Instead of specifying media players, our system is hardware-agnostic. A multi-channel player can be installed on any device that runs Windows, Windows Embedded or Linux. An embedded player is available for any device capable of running a browser, such as Android-based set-top boxes and sticks, or “smart” display monitors that include embedded computing devices.



Our software player design incorporates industry-leading, patent-pending remote monitoring and management tools to maximize uptime on branch screens, and minimize costly field maintenance visits through self-healing processes. While most systems require remote connections to troubleshoot player problems, our monitoring and healing processes happen locally, with no connectivity required. Alerts go out to an online dashboard when local healing is impossible.
No one player fits all, so JohnRyan’s expert technical team works with customers to tune the hardware selection to the demands of both the physical space and the programming requirements. We can recommend devices, or provide specs so you can align with a corporate-wide PC supplier.





 
 
 
 
 
 









Mechanical and Safety Engineering Home - Professional Mechanical Engineers










 







Licensed Professional Engineers








 

 

 

 

 

 

































 

Mechanical and Safety Engineering LLC Home – (855) 627-6273 
Mechanical and Safety Engineering (MASE), formerly known as Safety Engineering Resources, was founded in 2001 by Ryan Engineering founder and former President, Dr. L.D. Ryan and his son John L. Ryan, P.E. MASE is currently owned and operated by John L. Ryan, P.E. Mechanical and Safety Engineering provides accident investigation, product testing, expert witness testimony, and general mechanical and structural engineering consultation. We are headquartered in Colorado, and have branches in Arkansas and Michigan, and provide our engineering expertise to our clients located around the country and internationally. 
Product Liability Investigations/Engineering Expert Witness Services 
MASE provides mechanical engineering expert witness testimony services. We do full service analysis and accident reconstruction of products involved in accidents. We will determine if a product was unreasonably defective and the cause of a product injury, or if the product is safe from an engineering perspective. MASE will determine if a product met the state of the art at the time of manufacture, met any applicable codes, and whether the product followed established engineering design protocol. We test products in our lab, develop alternate designs that can prevent accidents, produce high quality reports, and use visual aids in the courtroom such as scale models to help explain accident scenarios and alternate designs. We provide both plaintiff and defense services, based on the circumstances of the case and whether the product was produced following engineering design protocol. Historically we have been involved witih plaintiff attorneys, but often find ourselves turning down plaintiff cases due to our objective analyses. We will provide a detailed accident reconstruction, based on the available evidence. 
Send us an email at info@mase.pro, or give us a call at (855) 627-6273  to discuss your accident case with us.
Crash Data Retrieval Service
Modern vehicles are equipped with event data recorders (EDR) that are a component of the safety system, normally a subcomponent of the airbag control module. These event data recorders record various information when a collision occurs. This information will include minimum deceleration levels, which can be used to show crash severity. Extensive additional information may also be available such as the principal direction of force of a collision, whether occupants were wearing their seatbelts, whether the brakes were being applied, and much more. 
General Engineering Consulting
MASE provides full service engineering consulting. We apply our mechanical engineering consulting experience and knowledge to every job we work on. Common areas we work on include: 

Factory Automation 
        Process Engineering 
        Product Development 
        Machine Safeguarding 
        Safety Training 
        Standard Compliance (OSHA, ASME, ANSI, UL, others) 
        Finite Element Analysis 
        Structural Engineering Services 
        Product Certification 
        Product Safety Enhancement 
        CAD services 
        Product Testing 
        Design Approval 
        Temporary Engineer Placement Service 
        Product Hazard Analysis and Safety Design Recommendations 

Call us today at (855) 627-6273  to discuss your engineering needs with us. Or send us an email.
Industrial Safety 
MASE provides our industrial clients with the peace of mind of knowing that machine hazards are guarded effectively. We have extensive experience with OSHA compliance, and can make changes to your facility to prevent costly accidents or OSHA fines. Most facilities have extensive unguarded machine hazards. Common unguarded hazards can include in-running nip points, shear points, entanglement hazards, fall hazards, and electrical hazards. We seek to make your facility as safe as possible, and will work with our clients based on their budgetary requirements. 
Engineering Continuing Education
Mechanical and Safety Engineering provides continuing education courses to professional engineers globally. MASE provides an expanding course selection. Please visit www.continuingeducationengineering.com to view available courses to meet your state's professional engineer professional development hours requirements. 
Our Philosophy 
Our philosophy is related to our duty as professional engineers to the public. We are dedicated to holding paramount the safety, health and welfare of the public in the performance of our professional duties. This is the fundamental canon of engineers' code of ethics. This means as professional mechanical engineers, we are required to put the safety, health, and welfare of the public above any other consideration or priority. This seems only logical since engineers are responsible for designing products and systems ranging from children's toys to industrial machines to huge buildings to weapons systems. This canon helps remind engineers that it is the public we are really serving, and to put the public's interest first.
Site Map 
 
 
   




 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




John L. Ryan (1885 - 1986) - Find A Grave Memorial



  









Actions








Begin New Search






Refine Last Search



  
Cemetery Lookup
   


Add Burial Records





Help with Find A Grave


        Find all Ryans in:               
Crown Point Cemetery
           
Kokomo
           
Howard County
           
Indiana
           
Find A Grave
  

 



Top Contributors




Success Stories




Community Forums




Find A Grave Store




 

 
Log In
  


   Advertisement   
 

  John L. Ryan

Memorial
Photos
Flowers
Edit

Share

Learn about sponsoring this memorial...Birth: Nov. 13,  1885La FontaineWabash CountyIndiana, USADeath: Feb. 11,  1986KokomoHoward CountyIndiana, USAJohn L. Ryan was the fourth of eleven children born to Thomas P. and Anna C. (Horoho) Ryan and the oldest son.  He was born November 13, 1885 in LaFountaine, Indiana.  He was a photographer, having graduated from Southern Photographic School in 1911.  Until he retired in 1960, he was owner of Ryan's Photography Studio.  He married Jeanette Maria McCormick on June 15, 1915 in Kokomo.  They were married 62 years.  He was also a member of Kokomo Kiwanis Club.  He and Jeannette had no children.      John recalled that during World War 2, he was required by local officials to board people in his large home.  He had his spiral staircase removed and a separate entry built for the upstairs.  He stayed in this home until his death.  It was just over a block from his sister Agnes on Sycamore Street.       He took photos of many family members and of people in Kokomo.  He had expressed a desire to have all of his photographic plates destroyed at one time; however, it is fortunate that these wonderful pieces of Kokomo history were saved.   Many of his photos of the City and people of Kokomo are being reprinted today by his great niece (Dan Beaver's daughter, Nancy Kennedy).         John lost his wife Jeannette on January 16, 1977.  He celebrated his 100th birthday on November 13, 1885.  Kokomo (Ind.) Tribune, the local newspaper, ran an entire page dedicated to 'Photographer John Ryan' on November 25, 1985.  Photos of him as a young man and at 100 were featured along with photos of his studio and some of his photographs.      The following February 11, 1986, John passed away.  He is buried next to Jeannette in Crown Point Cemetery in Kokomo.  John lived to be 100 years, two months and 29 days old.   Family links:  Parents:  Thomas Patrick Ryan (1857 - 1948)  Anna Cecilia Horoho Ryan (1858 - 1958)  Spouse:  Jeannette Maria McCormick Ryan (1888 - 1977)  Siblings:  Kathryn Ambrose Ryan (1880 - 1976)*  Mary Ann Ryan Bennett (1883 - 1984)*  John L. Ryan (1885 - 1986)  Margarette Pauline Ryan Crume (1887 - 1981)*  Agnes Charlotte Ryan Beaver (1889 - 1989)*  Thomas Edward Ryan (1891 - 1918)*  Grace Rosovia Ryan Forney (1893 - 1943)*  Teresa Jeanette Ryan (1895 - 1982)*  Bernard Leo Ryan (1899 - 1969)*  Angela Florence Ryan (1903 - 1916)* *Calculated relationship Burial:
Crown Point Cemetery
KokomoHoward CountyIndiana, USA Created by: Margie & Bob von MRecord added: Dec 15, 2008
Find A Grave Memorial# 32192868



Added by: 
John C. Anderson
 
Added by: 
Margie & Bob von M
  Photos may be scaled.Click on image for full size. 




God Bless you-
D.F
 Added: Jul. 19, 2017

-
JARROTT  P. COX
 Added: Dec. 20, 2015

-
Aunt Bee on the porch in Mayberry
 Added: Jun. 21, 2015

There are 10 more notes not showing...
Click here to view all notes...
   Advertisement

Extend your search results for John Ryan






Records for John Ryan:
Census & Voter Lists
City directories
Birth, Marriage &     Death
Immigration & Travel 
See more…

View records







Newspaper records for John Ryan:
North CarolinaOhioKansasTexasSee more…

View records







Military records for John Ryan:The Revolutionary War
The Civil War
WWII
The War of 1812See more…

View records


 Privacy Statement and Terms of Service    















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
























		CRI 1990 - RYAN, JOHN L.
	












About GPO
	 
	| 
	  
	Newsroom/Media
	 
	| 
	 
	Congressional Relations
	 
	| 
	 
	Inspector General
	 
	| 
	 
	Careers
	 
	| 
	 
	Contact
	 
	| 
	 
	askGPO
	 
	| 
 
Help
 	

 

Home
 
| 
 
Customers
 
| 
 
Vendors
 
| 
 
Libraries
 







 		FDsys: GPO's Federal Digital System
 	




    	About FDsys
    



 		Search Government Publications
 	



 		Browse Government Publications
 	



 		FDsys Tutorials and Webinars
 	





 


FDsys >


		
	
	More Information 







                                            Search Government Publications
                                        

                                            (Search string is required)
                                        


Advanced Search
Retrieve by Citation
Help






 














 



 








                Actions
            



Browse Congressional Record Index



                		    More Information about Congressional Record Index
                		



                			View in Catalog of U.S. Government Publications
                		



                			Find at a local Federal depository library
                		


Purchase your own copy



                            Email a link to this page
                        



                    View Related Publications
                


Congressional Bills


Congressional Record


Congressional Record (Bound)


History of Bills


House Journal





 


                	    CRI 1990 - RYAN, JOHN L.




            Download Files
        



                                        Formats 
                                    Text (1 KB)



                                        Descriptive Metadata
                                    MODS



                                        Authenticity Metadata
                                    PREMIS



                                            All Format & Metadata Files
                                        ZIP file




            Metadata
        


CategoryProceedings of Congress and General Congressional Publications


CollectionCongressional Record Index


SuDoc Class NumberX 1.1/A:


Congress101st Congress, 2nd Session
                    


CommitteesCommittee on Post Office and Civil Service




    			Document in Context
    		


Congressional Record Index (1990): 



        	            View Entire Index
        	        

Text | More





R.J. REYNOLDS TOBACCO CO.


Text | More





R.J.R. NABISCO, INC.


Text | More





RAAB, G. KIRK


Text | More





RA'ANAN, URI


Text | More





RABB, MADELINE M.


Text | More





RABB-AYERS, PRISCILLA


Text | More





RABIN, RONI


Text | More





RABKIN, NORMAN J.


Text | More





RABORN, WILLIAM F., JR.


Text | More





RABUSHKA, ALVIN


Text | More





RACE RELATIONS see Social Conditions


Text | More





RACEHORSE, LONNIE


Text | More





RACES


Text | More





RACETTE, PAT


Text | More





RACHID, ROSALIND


Text | More





RACIAL JUSTICE ACT


Text | More





RACKETEER INFLUENCED AND CORRUPT ORGANIZATIONS REFORM ACT


Text | More





RADDING, JERRY


Text | More





RADER, NANCY


Text | More





RADER, RANDALL R.


Text | More





RADER, WILLIAM H.


Text | More





RADIATION EXPOSURE COMPENSATION ACT


Text | More





RADIATION PROTECTION ACT


Text | More





RADIATION VICTIMS FAIR TREATMENT ACT


Text | More





RADICALISM


Text | More





RADIGAN, ROY


Text | More





RADIO


Text | More





RADIO FREE ASIA


Text | More





RADIO FREE CHINA


Text | More





RADIO FREE EUROPE


Text | More





RADIO LIBERTY


Text | More





RADIO MARTI


Text | More





RADIO MONTE CARLO


Text | More





RADON AWARENESS AND DISCLOSURE ACT


Text | More





RADON TESTING FOR SAFE SCHOOLS ACT


Text | More





RAETHER, MARY M.


Text | More





RAFORD, PAUL


Text | More





RAFTERY, THOMAS W.


Text | More





RAGNONE, SAM


Text | More





RAGOSTA, JOHN


Text | More





RAHALL, NICK JOE, II (a Representative from West Virginia)


Text | More





RAHJES, DOYLE


Text | More





RAIL PASSENGER SERVICE ACT


Text | More





RAILROAD POLICE CERTIFICATION ACT


Text | More





RAILROAD RETIREMENT ACT


Text | More





RAILROAD RETIREMENT BOARD


Text | More





RAILROAD WORKERS' INJURY COMPENSATION ACT


Text | More





RAILROADS


Text | More





RAILSBACK, THOMAS (a former Representative from Illinois)


Text | More





RAILWAY LABOR EXECUTIVES ASSOCIATION


Text | More





RAILWAY WORKER ADVISORY


Text | More





RAIN HOME ATTENDANT SERVICES, INC.


Text | More





RAINBOW LOBBY


Text | More





RAINBOW LOBBY (ORGANIZATION)


Text | More





RAINBOW LOBBY (organization)


Text | More





RAINEY, JOHN D.


Text | More





RAINEY, MEREDITH


Text | More





RAINSFORD, BETTIS C.


Text | More





RAISBECK, ELIZABETH


Text | More





RAIZ, CARMELLA


Text | More





RAIZ, KARMELLA


Text | More





RAIZ, VLADIMIR


Text | More





RAIZ, VLADMIR


Text | More





RAJAVI, KAZEM


Text | More





RAK, DANIEL S.


Text | More





RALEIGH, NC


Text | More





RALEIGH COUNTY, WV


Text | More





RALEY, JOHN W., JR.


Text | More





RALL, DAVID P.


Text | More





RAMAGE, DAVID


Text | More





RAMAPO, NY


Text | More





RAMIREZ, ALICIA


Text | More





RAMIREZ de FERRER, MIRIAM J.


Text | More





RAMON, ED


Text | More





RAMSAY, WILLIAM


Text | More





RAMSAY, WILLIAM C.


Text | More





RAMSEY, JOSEPH


Text | More





RAMSEY, KATHLEEN M.


Text | More





RAMSEY, RUBY M.


Text | More





RANCH HAND STUDY ADVISORY COMMITTEE


Text | More





RANCH HOPE


Text | More





RAND, M. KRISTEN


Text | More





RAND, ROBERT


Text | More





RAND CORP.


Text | More





RAND GRADUATE SCHOOL


Text | More





RANDALL, ALAN


Text | More





RANDALL, DICK


Text | More





RANDALL, JESSICA P.


Text | More





RANDALL, MALCOM


Text | More





RANDLETT, R. RAY


Text | More





RANDOLPH, A. RAYMOND


Text | More





RANDOLPH, ELEANOR


Text | More





RANDOLPH, JENNINGS (a former Senator from West Virginia)


Text | More





RANGE, JAMES D.


Text | More





RANGEL, CHARLES B. (a Representative from New York)


Text | More





RANGEL, JORGE


Text | More





RANGOS, JOHN G., SR.


Text | More





RANIERE, VINCENT


Text | More





RANKIN, ROBERT A.


Text | More





RANKIN, RON


Text | More





RAPHAEL I. BIDAWID


Text | More





RAPID CITY, SD


Text | More





RAPID CITY (SD) JOURNAL


Text | More





RAPKIN, HAROLD


Text | More





RASCHKO, RAYMOND


Text | More





RASELL, M. EDITH


Text | More





RASHISH, MYER


Text | More





RASKAS, STUART


Text | More





RASKIN, DANIEL


Text | More





RASKY, SUSAN F.


Text | More





RASMUSSEN, JAY L.


Text | More





RASMUSSEN, R.A.


Text | More





RASMUSSEN, RON R.


Text | More





RASPBERRY, WILLIAM


Text | More





RATCHFORD, HAROLD


Text | More





RATCHFORD, J. THOMAS


Text | More





RATCHFORD, THOMAS


Text | More





RATH MANUFACTURING CO.


Text | More





RATHER, DAN


Text | More





RATHJE, WILLIAM L.


Text | More





RATHMANN, GEORGE


Text | More





RATON, NM


Text | More





RATTLEY, JESSIE M.


Text | More





RAUB, DEBORAH F.


Text | More





RAUB, WILLIAM


Text | More





RAUB, WILLIAM F.


Text | More





RAUDABAUGH, JOHN N.


Text | More





RAUL, ALAN


Text | More





RAUL, ALAN C.


Text | More





RAUNER, ROBERT


Text | More





RAUNER, ROBERT M.


Text | More





RAVEN, PETER H.


Text | More





RAVENEL, ARTHUR, JR. (a Representative from South Carolina)


Text | More





RAWLS, LEE


Text | More





RAWLS, W. LEE


Text | More





RAWSON, BARBARA H.


Text | More





RAWSON, DAVID


Text | More





RAY, DARYLL E.


Text | More





RAY, DON


Text | More





RAY, RICHARD (a Representative from Georgia)


Text | More





RAY, SHANTANU


Text | More





RAYA, LOLITA


Text | More





RAYBURN, SAM (a former Representative from Texas)


Text | More





RAYE, MARTHA


Text | More





RAYMOND, MARIA


Text | More





RAYMOND, RICHARD


Text | More





RAYNOR, CHARLES P.


Text | More





RAYNOR, JENNIFER C.


Text | More





RAYSTOWN LAKE, PA


Text | More





RE, EDWARD D.


Text | More





REA, BETTY


Text | More





REA, TOM


Text | More





READER'S DIGEST (magazine)


Text | More





READING, PA


Text | More





READONS, PAUL


Text | More





REAGAN, RONALD (40th President of the United States)


Text | More





REAGAN, TOM


Text | More





REAL ESTATE TAX BASIS CALCULATION TECHNICAL CORRECTION ACT


Text | More





REAL PROPERTY


Text | More





REAM, CAROLYN


Text | More





REAMAN, SUSAN


Text | More





REAMES, SALLY


Text | More





REASON (magazine)


Text | More





REAY, JAMES H.


Text | More





REBER, MICHAEL W.


Text | More





REBER, ROBERT T.


Text | More





RECIPROCITY OF FOREIGN INVESTMENT ACT


Text | More





RECK, GREGORY M.


Text | More





RECLAMATION PROJECTS AUTHORIZATION AND ADJUSTMENT ACT


Text | More





RECLAMATION REFORM ACT


Text | More





RECLAMATION REFORM AND INTEGRITY ACT


Text | More





RECORD, EMILY


Text | More





RECORD, JAMES


Text | More





RECORD, JEFFREY


Text | More





RECREATION


Text | More





RECREATION AREAS


Text | More





RECRUITING NEW TEACHERS, INC.


Text | More





RECTOR, JOHN M.


Text | More





RECTOR, WILLIAM (RED)


Text | More





RECYCLED MATERIALS related term(s) Ecology; Refuse and Refuse Disposal


Text | More





RECYCLING OF WASTE PRODUCTS related term(s) Ecology; Refuse and Refuse Disposal


Text | More





RECYCLING WEEK


Text | More





RED CREEK, NY


Text | More





RED CROSS see American Red Cross


Text | More





RED RIVER


Text | More





RED WING, MN


Text | More





REDENBAUGH, RUSSELL


Text | More





REDENBAUGH, RUSSELL G.


Text | More





REDFORD, ROBERT


Text | More





REDING, NICHOLAS L.


Text | More





REDLAND, CA


Text | More





REDLANDS, CA


Text | More





REDMON, PERCY L.


Text | More





REDMOND, GERALD (MICK)


Text | More





REDSTONE ARSENAL, AL


Text | More





REDUCED ENRICHMENT IN RESEARCH AND TEST REACTORS PROGRAM


Text | More





REDUCTION OF METALS IN PACKAGING ACT


Text | More





REEBOK (business firm)


Text | More





REED, DAVID C.


Text | More





REED, DAVID P.


Text | More





REED, FRANK


Text | More





REED, FRANK H.


Text | More





REED, JAMES


Text | More





REED, JOHN S.


Text | More





REED, JULIE


Text | More





REED, TODD


Text | More





REED, TOM


Text | More





REED, VINCENT E.


Text | More





REED, SMITH, SHAW & McCLAY


Text | More





REES, MORGAN R.


Text | More





REESE, CHARLEY


Text | More





REESE, TOM


Text | More





REEVES, EVELYN A.


Text | More





REEVES, GORDON


Text | More





REEVES, RICHARD


Text | More





REFUGE REVENUE SHARING ACT


Text | More





REFUGEE DAY


Text | More





REFUGEE REPAYMENT ACT


Text | More





REFUGEES


Text | More





REFUSE AND REFUSE DISPOSAL


Text | More





REGAN, DONALD T.


Text | More





REGAN, EDWARD V.


Text | More





REGAN, TIM


Text | More





REGAN, TOM


Text | More





REGER, SHAWN C.


Text | More





REGIER, GERALD P.


Text | More





REGIER, JERALD P.


Text | More





REGINALDI, R.F.


Text | More





REGIONAL AIRLINE ASSOCIATION


Text | More





REGULA, RALPH (a Representative from Ohio)


Text | More





REGULATED PRECURSOR CHEMICALS ACT


Text | More





REHABILITATION ACT


Text | More





REHABILITATION SERVICES ADMINISTRATION


Text | More





REHM, BARBARA A.


Text | More





REHNQUIST, WILLIAM H. see Chief Justice of the United States


Text | More





REICH, LARRY


Text | More





REICH, ROBERT


Text | More





REICH, SEYMOUR D.


Text | More





REICHMAN, LEE B.


Text | More





REID, CHARLES


Text | More





REID, CHARLES E.


Text | More





REID, DARYL


Text | More





REID, HARRY (a Senator from Nevada)


Text | More





REID, HERBERT O., SR.


Text | More





REID, LINDA S.


Text | More





REID, ROBERT


Text | More





REID, T.R.


Text | More





REIDY, MICHAEL J.


Text | More





REIFEL, BENJAMIN (a former Representative from South Dakota)


Text | More





REILEY, HENRY


Text | More





REILLY, BRIAN


Text | More





REILLY, FRANCIS V.


Text | More





REILLY, JAMES F.


Text | More





REILLY, WILLIAM K.


Text | More





REIMANN, CURT


Text | More





REINACH, JILL M.


Text | More





REINARD, JOHN


Text | More





REINGLASS, CAROLYN


Text | More





REINHARDT, UWE E.


Text | More





REINHOLD, ROBERT


Text | More





REINSTEIN, ROBERT


Text | More





REINSTEIN, ROBERT A.


Text | More





REIS, LESLEE


Text | More





REIS, VICTOR H.


Text | More





REISCHAUER, ED


Text | More





REISCHAUER, ROBERT D.


Text | More





REITER, LAWRENCE W.


Text | More





REITER, RICHARD


Text | More





REITER, WILLIAM P.


Text | More





REITZ, LeROY


Text | More





RELIGION


Text | More





RELIGIOUS ACTION CENTER OF REFORM JUDAISM


Text | More





RELIGIOUS FREEDOM WEEK


Text | More





REMEIKIS, NIJOLE A.


Text | More





REMICK, FORREST


Text | More





REMICK, FORREST J.


Text | More





REMILLARD, ARTHUR J., JR.


Text | More





REMINGTON, HELEN


Text | More





REMNICK, DAVID


Text | More





REMOS, ARIEL


Text | More





REMPEL WILLIAM C.


Text | More





RENDER, ARLENE


Text | More





RENEWABLE ENERGY AND ENERGY EFFICIENCY TECHNOLOGY ACT


Text | More





RENEWABLE ENERGY TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER ACT


Text | More





RENEWABLE FUELS ASSOCIATION


Text | More





RENIER, JAMES J.


Text | More





RENNER, GERALD


Text | More





RENO, EMILY


Text | More





RENO (NV) GAZETTE JOURNAL


Text | More





RENO (NV) GAZETTE-JOURNAL


Text | More





RENTSCHLER, HOPE S.


Text | More





RENWICK, EDWARD F.


Text | More





RENZENDES, VIC


Text | More





REPETTO, ROBERT


Text | More





REPP, ELLEN


Text | More





REPTILES


Text | More





REPUBLICAN PARTY


Text | More





REPUBLICAN POLICY COMMITTEE


Text | More





REPUBLICAN STUDY COMMITTEE


Text | More





REQUIN (U.S.S.)


Text | More





RESCHKE, CAROL


Text | More





RESEARCH related term(s) Science; Technology


Text | More





RESEARCH FREEDOM ACT


Text | More





RESEARCH TRIANGLE INSTITUTE


Text | More





RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK, NC


Text | More





RESER, GALEN


Text | More





RESER, GALEN J.


Text | More





RESERVE OFFICERS ASSOCIATION


Text | More





RESERVE OFFICERS REPORT (publication)


Text | More





RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS see Department of Defense


Text | More





RESHID PASHA


Text | More





RESIDENT EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY ACT


Text | More





RESIDENT PHYSICIAN STUDENT LOAN DEFERMENT ACT


Text | More





RESNICK, JOSEPH Y. (a former Representative from New York)


Text | More





RESOLUTION TRUST CORP.


Text | More





RESOLUTION TRUST CORPORATION PROCUREMENT REGULATION ACT


Text | More





RESOR, GRIFFITH L.


Text | More





RESOURCE CONSERVATION AND RECOVERY ACT


Text | More





RESOURCES FOR THE FUTURE (organization)


Text | More





RETIRED ENLISTED ASSOCIATION, INC.


Text | More





RETIRED OFFICERS ASSOCIATION


Text | More





RETIREMENT SECURITY PROTECTION ACT


Text | More





RETKWA, ROSALYN


Text | More





RETTIG, PAUL C.


Text | More





RETURN (PLO publication)


Text | More





RETZLOFF, MARK


Text | More





REUSSE, PATRICK


Text | More





REUTER, JESSICA


Text | More





REUTERS (information agency)


Text | More





REVELL, OLIVER


Text | More





REVELO, OMAR N.


Text | More





REVENUE RECONCILIATION ACT


Text | More





REVERE, MA


Text | More





REVILLE, DON A.


Text | More





REVILLE, EUGENE


Text | More





REVIS, JUDY


Text | More





REY, MARK


Text | More





REYNOLDS, ALAN


Text | More





REYNOLDS, DEE M.


Text | More





REYNOLDS, FLETCHER


Text | More





REYNOLDS, J. GUY


Text | More





REYNOLDS, ROBERT J.


Text | More





REYNOLDS, STEVE


Text | More





REZENDES, VIC


Text | More





REZENDES, VICTOR


Text | More





REZENDES, VICTOR S.


Text | More





REZNIK, BENJAMIN


Text | More





RHEA, LARRY D.


Text | More





RHEIN, TIMOTHY J.


Text | More





RHILE, HOWARD G.


Text | More





RHILE, HOWARD G., JR.


Text | More





RHINELANDER, JOHN B.


Text | More





RHOADES, EVERETT


Text | More





RHOADES, EVERETT R.


Text | More





RHODE, MICHAEL


Text | More





RHODE, MICHAEL, JR.


Text | More





RHODE ISLAND


Text | More





RHODE ISLAND COLLEGE


Text | More





RHODE ISLAND STATE COUNCIL OF CHURCHES


Text | More





RHODE ISLAND'S CHILDREN CRUSADE FOR HIGHER EDUCATION


Text | More





RHODES, H. JOSEPH


Text | More





RHODES, J. STEVEN


Text | More





RHODES, JOHN J., III (a Representative from Arizona)


Text | More





RHODES, JOHN J. (a former Representative from Arizona)


Text | More





RHODES, MILTON


Text | More





RHODES, WILLIAM R.


Text | More





RHODESIA see Zimbabwe


Text | More





RHONE, MARY J.


Text | More





RIBE, FREDERICK C.


Text | More





RICCITELLI, KIMBERLY B.


Text | More





RICE, CHARLES E.


Text | More





RICE, DONALD B. see Secretary of the Air Force


Text | More





RICE, GRACE E.


Text | More





RICE, PAUL D.


Text | More





RICE, THOMAS


Text | More





RICE, WILLIAM


Text | More





RICH, JOHN C.


Text | More





RICH, PAT


Text | More





RICH, SPENCER


Text | More





RICHARD, JAMES R.


Text | More





RICHARD, MARK


Text | More





RICHARD, MARK M.


Text | More





RICHARD, SHARI


Text | More





RICHARDS, D.W. (BUD)


Text | More





RICHARDS, EVELYN


Text | More





RICHARDS, GUY


Text | More





RICHARDS, JAMES R.


Text | More





RICHARDS, JOHN


Text | More





RICHARDS, JOHN A.


Text | More





RICHARDS, PAUL G.


Text | More





RICHARDS, STEPHEN H.


Text | More





RICHARDSON, ALAN H.


Text | More





RICHARDSON, ANNE W.


Text | More





RICHARDSON, BILL (a Representative from New Mexico)


Text | More





RICHARDSON, BILLY


Text | More





RICHARDSON, DENISE


Text | More





RICHARDSON, DOUGLAS J.


Text | More





RICHARDSON, ELLIOT


Text | More





RICHARDSON, ELLIOT L.


Text | More





RICHARDSON, JOHN


Text | More





RICHARDSON, LYNN


Text | More





RICHARDSON, O'BRENE


Text | More





RICHARDSON, ROBERTA


Text | More





RICHARDSON, RONALD L.


Text | More





RICHER, MARK


Text | More





RICHEY, G. KEITH


Text | More





RICHEY, ROBERT A.


Text | More





RICHLAND, WA


Text | More





RICHLANDTOWN, PA


Text | More





RICHMAN, HAROLD


Text | More





RICHMOND, ALICE E.


Text | More





RICHMOND, CA


Text | More





RICHMOND, JAMES G.


Text | More





RICHMOND, MARIA I.


Text | More





RICHMOND, VA


Text | More





RICHMOND HILL DEVELOPMENT CORP.


Text | More





RICHMOND NATIONAL BATTLEFIELD PARK, VA


Text | More





RICHMOND (VA) NEWS LEADER


Text | More





RICHMOND (VA) TIMES-DISPATCH


Text | More





RICHTER, ED


Text | More





RICKENBACKER, EDWARD V.


Text | More





RICKS, NORMAN R.


Text | More





RICO IMPROVEMENT ACT


Text | More





RIDDELL, PETER


Text | More





RIDDER, WALTER T.


Text | More





RIDENOUR, JAMES


Text | More





RIDENOUR, JAMES M.


Text | More





RIDGE, THOMAS J. (a Representative from Pennsylvania)


Text | More





RIDGEWAY, ROZANNE


Text | More





RIDGWAY, MATTHEW B.


Text | More





RIDLEY, FLORENCE


Text | More





RIDLEY, WALTER B.


Text | More





RIEBE, TODD


Text | More





RIECKMANN, CARL


Text | More





RIEDEL, GARY


Text | More





RIEGLE, DONALD W., JR. (a Senator from Michigan)


Text | More





RIEKERT, EDWARD L.


Text | More





RIENDEAU, RICHARD


Text | More





RIES, RICHARD


Text | More





RIFFE, VERNAL, SR.


Text | More





RIGAU, MARCO A.


Text | More





RIGBY, JOE W.


Text | More





RIGHETTI, DAVE


Text | More





RIGIER, JERALD P.


Text | More





RILEY, JOHN W., JR.


Text | More





RILEY, JOSEPH


Text | More





RILEY, JOSEPH P., JR.


Text | More





RILL, JAMES F.


Text | More





RILL, JAMES S.


Text | More





RILLIEUX, NORBERT


Text | More





RINALDO, MATTHEW J. (a Representative from New Jersey)


Text | More





RINCON, GA


Text | More





RINEBOLT, DAVID C.


Text | More





RING, JOHN J.


Text | More





RINGEL, CASSANDRA


Text | More





RINGEN, KNUT


Text | More





RINGER, BARBARA


Text | More





RINGGOLD, GA


Text | More





RINKEVICH, CHARLES F.


Text | More





RIO GRANDE AMERICAN CANAL EXTENSION ACT


Text | More





RIO GRANDE (NM) SUN


Text | More





RION, P.


Text | More





RIORDAN, COURTNEY


Text | More





RIPA, MARY-BETH


Text | More





RIPOLL, CARLOS


Text | More





RISCH, WILLIAM J.


Text | More





RISHER, LOISE


Text | More





RISK, PAUL D.


Text | More





RISLEY, JOHN


Text | More





RISLING, DALE


Text | More





RISWICK, DONALD V.


Text | More





RITTER, DON (a Representative from Pennsylvania)


Text | More





RITZ, JOSEPH P.


Text | More





RIVER FOREST, IL


Text | More





RIVERDALE MENTAL HEALTH ASSOCIATION


Text | More





RIVERS related term(s) Public Works


Text | More





RIVERS, JAMES L.


Text | More





RIVERS, LARRY


Text | More





RIVERS, RUBEN


Text | More





RIVERSIDE, CA


Text | More





RIVERSIDE COUNTY, CA


Text | More





RIVERTON, IL


Text | More





RIVLIN, ALICE


Text | More





RIVLIN, ALICE M.


Text | More





RIZZUTO, JOSEPH M.


Text | More





RJR NABISCO


Text | More





ROACH, JOHN


Text | More





ROACH, JOHN L.


Text | More





ROADS AND HIGHWAYS


Text | More





ROANOKE (VA) TIMES & WORLD NEWS


Text | More





ROBB, CHARLES S. (a Senator from Virginia)


Text | More





ROBBIE, JOE


Text | More





ROBBINS, ALDONA


Text | More





ROBBINS, ARTHUR S.


Text | More





ROBBINS, CLYDE


Text | More





ROBBINS, FARLAND


Text | More





ROBBINS, GARY


Text | More





ROBBINS, IRA


Text | More





ROBBINS, MARK


Text | More





ROBBINS, WILLIAM


Text | More





ROBERTS, ALAN


Text | More





ROBERTS, ALAN I.


Text | More





ROBERTS, BENSON F.


Text | More





ROBERTS, COKIE


Text | More





ROBERTS, F.C., JR.


Text | More





ROBERTS, J. DEOTIS


Text | More





ROBERTS, JAMES O.


Text | More





ROBERTS, JOHN W.


Text | More





ROBERTS, LESLIE


Text | More





ROBERTS, MAURICE A.


Text | More





ROBERTS, MILTON E., SR.


Text | More





ROBERTS, PAT (a Representative from Kansas)


Text | More





ROBERTS, PAUL C.


Text | More





ROBERTS, PAUL C, III


Text | More





ROBERTS, RICHARD J.


Text | More





ROBERTS, RICHARD Y.


Text | More





ROBERTS, SANDY


Text | More





ROBERTS, THOMAS H.


Text | More





ROBERTS, THOMAS M.


Text | More





ROBERTS, TOMMY


Text | More





ROBERTS, WILLIAM


Text | More





ROBERTS, WILLIAM J.


Text | More





ROBERTSON, ANDY


Text | More





ROBERTSON, CLIFF


Text | More





ROBERTSON, F. DALE


Text | More





ROBERTSON, GEORGE


Text | More





ROBERTSON, JACK


Text | More





ROBERTSON, JAMES L.


Text | More





ROBERTSON, JOHN M.


Text | More





ROBERTSON, MARK L.


Text | More





ROBERTSON, PAT


Text | More





ROBERTSON, STEVE A.


Text | More





ROBERTSON, TODD


Text | More





ROBEY, HUGH B.


Text | More





ROBEY, P.H.


Text | More





ROBINS, ROBERT E., JR.


Text | More





ROBINSON, AUBREY E., JR.


Text | More





ROBINSON, C. PAUL


Text | More





ROBINSON, CLARENCE


Text | More





ROBINSON, CONWELL F.


Text | More





ROBINSON, CORT


Text | More





ROBINSON, DAVID


Text | More





ROBINSON, DAVID B.


Text | More





ROBINSON, DUNCAN


Text | More





ROBINSON, DWIGHT


Text | More





ROBINSON, EUGENE


Text | More





ROBINSON, FRANKLIN W.


Text | More





ROBINSON, FRED K.


Text | More





ROBINSON, GERALD


Text | More





ROBINSON, GERALD R.


Text | More





ROBINSON, J. KENNETH (a former Representative from Virginia)


Text | More





ROBINSON, J. WILL (a former Representative from Utah)


Text | More





ROBINSON, JACKIE


Text | More





ROBINSON, JAMES L.


Text | More





ROBINSON, JOHN


Text | More





ROBINSON, JOHN D.


Text | More





ROBINSON, KENNETH


Text | More





ROBINSON, KEVIN


Text | More





ROBINSON, LEO


Text | More





ROBINSON, LEONARD H.


Text | More





ROBINSON, LEONARD H., JR.


Text | More





ROBINSON, LUCIAN T.


Text | More





ROBINSON, LUCIAN T., JR.


Text | More





ROBINSON, MAY M.


Text | More





ROBINSON, MILDRED


Text | More





ROBINSON, NEILS W. (ROBBIE)


Text | More





ROBINSON, PENNY


Text | More





ROBINSON, RANDALL


Text | More





ROBINSON, ROGER


Text | More





ROBINSON, RONNIE


Text | More





ROBINSON, TOM


Text | More





ROBINSON, TOMMY F. (a Representative from Arkansas)


Text | More





ROBINSON, WILLIAM L.


Text | More





ROBLEDO-GOMEZ DUNN, JOHN G.


Text | More





ROBLES, JOSUE, JR.


Text | More





ROBSON, JOHN E.


Text | More





ROBY, GEORGE


Text | More





ROCHE, GEORGE


Text | More





ROCHE, TERRENCE L.


Text | More





ROCHESTER, MN


Text | More





ROCHESTER, NY


Text | More





ROCHESTER COUNTY, NY


Text | More





ROCHESTER INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY


Text | More





ROCHESTER (MN) POST-BULLETIN


Text | More





ROCHESTER (NY) DEMOCRAT AND CHRONICLE


Text | More





ROCHESTER (NY) TIMES-UNION


Text | More





ROCHLIN, JAY


Text | More





ROCHLIN, JAY F.


Text | More





ROCK, MIKE


Text | More





ROCK POINT, AZ


Text | More





ROCKEFELLER, DAVID


Text | More





ROCKEFELLER, DAVID, JR.


Text | More





ROCKEFELLER, JAY (a Senator from West Virginia)


Text | More





ROCKEFELLER, LAURANCE S.


Text | More





ROCKEFELLER, SHARON P.


Text | More





ROCKEY, TRAVIS


Text | More





ROCKFORD (IL) REGISTER STAR


Text | More





ROCKINGHAM COUNTY, VA


Text | More





ROCKLAND, ME


Text | More





ROCKLAND COUNTY, NY


Text | More





ROCKLAND REVIEW (publication)


Text | More





ROCKMAN, BERT A.


Text | More





ROCKPORT, IN


Text | More





ROCKPORT, TX


Text | More





ROCKVILLE, MD


Text | More





ROCKWELL, KEITH M.


Text | More





ROCKY FLATS, CO


Text | More





ROCKY MOUNTAIN ELK FOUNDATION


Text | More





ROCKY MOUNTAIN NEWS see Denver (CO) Rocky Mountain News


Text | More





RODA, ANTHONY J.


Text | More





RODALE, ROBERT


Text | More





RODENBURG, ERIC


Text | More





RODEO, CA


Text | More





RODGERS, CARNELL


Text | More





RODGERS, T.J.


Text | More





RODGERS, WILLIAM D.


Text | More





RODINO, PETER W. (a former Representative from New Jersey)


Text | More





RODMAN, KENNETH


Text | More





RODMAN, MEREDITH


Text | More





RODNEY, GEORGE A.


Text | More





RODRIGUE, MARC


Text | More





RODRIGUES, LOUIS J.


Text | More





RODRIGUEZ, CARMEN


Text | More





RODRIGUEZ, CHI CHI


Text | More





RODRIGUEZ, MERCEDES


Text | More





RODRIGUEZ, NICKY


Text | More





ROE, DAVID


Text | More





ROE, ROBERT


Text | More





ROE, ROBERT A. (a Representative from New Jersey)


Text | More





ROELLE, WILLIAM


Text | More





ROELLE, WILLIAM H.


Text | More





ROEMER, PATTI C.


Text | More





ROGACKI, MARK M.


Text | More





ROGER, DOWER


Text | More





ROGER EBLE DAY


Text | More





ROGERS, CHARLES C.


Text | More





ROGERS, DAVID E.


Text | More





ROGERS, DOUGLAS M.


Text | More





ROGERS, HAROLD (a Representative from Kentucky)


Text | More





ROGERS, JERRY


Text | More





ROGERS, JERRY L.


Text | More





ROGERS, JOHN


Text | More





ROGERS, JUDITH W.


Text | More





ROGERS, KENNETH C.


Text | More





ROGERS, LAWRENCE


Text | More





ROGERS, ROBERT G.


Text | More





ROGERS, STEPHEN H.


Text | More





ROGERS, TERRY


Text | More





ROGERS, WELDON B.


Text | More





ROGICH, DONALD G.


Text | More





ROGINSKY, JOSEPH, AND FAMILY


Text | More





ROGNESS, DOUG


Text | More





ROGOVIN, CHARLES H.


Text | More





ROGUE COMMUNITY COLLEGE DISTRICT, OR


Text | More





ROH, CHARLES E., JR.


Text | More





ROH TAE WOO see Korea, Republic of


Text | More





ROHATYN, FELIX G.


Text | More





ROHLF, DANIEL


Text | More





ROHMER, RON


Text | More





ROHRABACHER, DANA (a Representative from California)


Text | More





ROHRICH, JIM


Text | More





ROJAS, LALO


Text | More





ROJAS, LOUIS


Text | More





ROJAS, ROSIE


Text | More





ROLAND, ROBERT A.


Text | More





ROLARK, WILHELMINA J.


Text | More





ROLL CALL (publication)


Text | More





ROLLE, CAROL A.


Text | More





ROLLING STONE (publication)


Text | More





ROLLING STONE (publication)


Text | More





ROLLWAGEN, JOHN A.


Text | More





ROMA, JOSEPH F.


Text | More





ROMAGNOLI, EMIL


Text | More





ROMAN, EDGARDO, AND FAMILY


Text | More





ROMAN, MANUEL


Text | More





ROMAN, RAMONA G.


Text | More





ROMAN, ROY


Text | More





ROMANIA, SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF


Text | More





ROMANO, CAROL


Text | More





ROME (GA) NEWS-TRIBUNE


Text | More





ROMEOVILLE, IL


Text | More





ROMER-BARCELO, CARLOS


Text | More





ROMERO, ALICE K.


Text | More





ROMERO, ED L.


Text | More





ROMERO, MEL C.


Text | More





ROMERO, OSCAR


Text | More





ROMERO, PETER


Text | More





ROMERO, TOMAS


Text | More





ROMERO, VIRGINIA


Text | More





ROMERO-BARCELO, CARLOS


Text | More





ROMULUS, MI


Text | More





RON, RICHARD


Text | More





RONEY, PAUL H.


Text | More





RONGELAP ATOLL


Text | More





ROOF, RAYMOND L.


Text | More





ROOSEVELT, ARCHIBALD B., JR.


Text | More





ROOSEVELT, FRANKLIN D. (32d President of the United States)


Text | More





ROOSEVELT, THEODORE (26th President of the United States)


Text | More





ROOT, STUART D.


Text | More





ROPE, WILLIAM


Text | More





ROPE, WILLIAM F.


Text | More





ROPER, BARBARA


Text | More





ROPER, ROBERTA


Text | More





ROPER, STEPHANIE


Text | More





ROPER, WILLIAM C.


Text | More





ROPER, WILLIAM L.


Text | More





ROSAMOND, JOHN B.


Text | More





ROSCA, IURIE


Text | More





ROSE, CHAPMAN


Text | More





ROSE, CHARLES (a Representative from North Carolina)


Text | More





ROSE, CHRISTOPHER


Text | More





ROSE, DENNISON R.


Text | More





ROSE, JAMES T.


Text | More





ROSE, PETE


Text | More





ROSE, RICHARD


Text | More





ROSE, ROBERT L.


Text | More





ROSE, THOMAS


Text | More





ROSE, WILLIAM C.


Text | More





ROSE FITZGERALD KENNEDY FAMILY APPRECIATION DAY


Text | More





ROSE (vessel)


Text | More





ROSEFELDE, STEVEN


Text | More





ROSELAND, NJ


Text | More





ROSELLE PARK, NJ


Text | More





ROSEN, GERALD E.


Text | More





ROSEN, HARVEY S.


Text | More





ROSEN, MURRAY


Text | More





ROSEN, OSCAR


Text | More





ROSEN, ROBERT


Text | More





ROSENBAUM, DAVID E.


Text | More





ROSENBERG, BERNARD


Text | More





ROSENBERG, JEWEL S.


Text | More





ROSENBERG, TINA


Text | More





ROSENBERG, WILLIAM


Text | More





ROSENBERG, WILLIAM G.


Text | More





ROSENBLATT, GARY


Text | More





ROSENBOOM, RON


Text | More





ROSENDALE, VIRGIL


Text | More





ROSENDALE, VIRGIL M.


Text | More





ROSENFELD, ALLEN


Text | More





ROSENFELD, IRA


Text | More





ROSENFELD, MEGAN


Text | More





ROSENFELD, RONALD A.


Text | More





ROSENFELD, STEPHEN S.


Text | More





ROSENGREN, TERUNI


Text | More





ROSENKRANZ, BRENT


Text | More





ROSENOW, EDWARD C., III


Text | More





ROSENTHAL, A.M.


Text | More





ROSENTHAL, HERSCHEL


Text | More





ROSEVILLE, MI


Text | More





ROSEVILLE, MN


Text | More





ROSH HASHANAH


Text | More





ROSHOLT, JOHN


Text | More





ROSKENS, RONALD W.


Text | More





ROSKINS, WILLIAM


Text | More





ROS-LEHTINEN, ILEANA (a Representative from Florida)


Text | More





ROSLEWICZ, TOM


Text | More





ROSLYN, NY


Text | More





ROSOW, I. PETER


Text | More





ROSS, ARTHUR


Text | More





ROSS, FRED W.


Text | More





ROSS, GARY M.


Text | More





ROSS, IAN M.


Text | More





ROSS, JOHN E.


Text | More





ROSS, JOSEPH E.


Text | More





ROSS, LILLA


Text | More





ROSS, NANCY


Text | More





ROSS, PAUL A.


Text | More





ROSS, R.D.


Text | More





ROSS, STANFORD G.


Text | More





ROSS, STEPHEN


Text | More





ROSSI, CLIFFORD


Text | More





ROSSIDES, EUGENE T.


Text | More





ROSSMAN FRANCES


Text | More





ROSTENKOWSKI, DAN (a Representative from Illinois)


Text | More





ROSTROPOVICH, MSTISLAV


Text | More





ROTA, ROBERT V.


Text | More





ROTARY CLUBS


Text | More





ROTARY INTERNATIONAL


Text | More





ROTBERG, ROBERT L.


Text | More





ROTC see Department of Defense


Text | More





ROTENBERG, MARC


Text | More





ROTH, GEORGE K.


Text | More





ROTH, KENNETH


Text | More





ROTH, MAX D.


Text | More





ROTH, RANDI I.


Text | More





ROTH, RICHARD L.


Text | More





ROTH, TOBY (a Representative from Wisconsin)


Text | More





ROTH, WILLIAM V., JR. (a Senator from Delaware)


Text | More





ROTHBERG, PAUL


Text | More





ROTHENBERG, ALAN


Text | More





ROTHER, JOHN


Text | More





ROTHKE, THEODORE


Text | More





ROTHSCHILD, EDWIN S.


Text | More





ROTHSTEIN, BARBARA J.


Text | More





ROTTMAN, HY


Text | More





ROTUNDA, RONALD D.


Text | More





ROUDA, HARLEY E.


Text | More





ROUGE RIVER


Text | More





ROUGH POINT (vessel)


Text | More





ROUKEMA, MARGE (a Representative from New Jersey)


Text | More





ROUSE, JAMES W.


Text | More





ROUSE, MICHAEL


Text | More





ROUSH, MICHAEL


Text | More





ROUSH, MICHAEL O.


Text | More





ROUSSELOT, JOHN H. (a former Representative from California)


Text | More





ROUSSO, SAMUEL


Text | More





ROUTE 66 STUDY ACT


Text | More





ROUX, HENRY J.


Text | More





ROVNER, SANDY


Text | More





ROWAN, CARL T.


Text | More





ROWAN, HENRY S.


Text | More





ROWAN, WILLIAM J.


Text | More





ROWE, JACK


Text | More





ROWE, JAMES N.


Text | More





ROWE, JESSIE C.


Text | More





ROWE, JOHN L., JR.


Text | More





ROWE, MIKE


Text | More





ROWELL, EDWARD M.


Text | More





ROWELL, RONALD M.


Text | More





ROWEN, HENRY S.


Text | More





ROWEN, HOBART


Text | More





ROWLAND, J. ROY (a Representative from Georgia)


Text | More





ROWLAND, JOHN G. (a Representative from Connecticut)


Text | More





ROWLAND, ROBERT J.


Text | More





Rowland ofE0 Georgi


Text | More





ROY, IDA


Text | More





ROY, ROBIN


Text | More





ROYAL INSTITUTE OF INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS (London, England)


Text | More





ROYBAL, CHARLES


Text | More





ROYBAL, EDWARD R. (a Representative from California)


Text | More





ROYKO, MIKE


Text | More





ROYSTER, WIMBERLY C.


Text | More





ROZET, A. BRUCE


Text | More





ROZIER, JACKSON E., JR.


Text | More





ROZOS, JOHN S.


Text | More





RUBBER INDUSTRY


Text | More





RUBENSTEIN, IRVING


Text | More





RUBENSTEIN, LINDA


Text | More





RUBIN, ANN


Text | More





RUBIN, BARNETT


Text | More





RUBIN, BARRY


Text | More





RUBIN, EDWIN


Text | More





RUBY, WALTER


Text | More





RUCKELSHAUS, WILLIAM


Text | More





RUDD, ELDON (a former Representative from Arizona)


Text | More





RUDD, GLENN A.


Text | More





RUDDER, CATHERINE E.


Text | More





RUDES, GEORGE


Text | More





RUDESILL, FREDERICK O.


Text | More





RUDMAN, WARREN (a Senator from New Hampshire)


Text | More





RUDMAN, WILLIAM


Text | More





RUDMAN, WILLIAM N.


Text | More





RUDOLPH, ARTHUR


Text | More





RUDY, MARY


Text | More





RUE, VINCENT


Text | More





RUETER, MARTIN J.


Text | More





RUFF, TILMAN


Text | More





RUGGIERI, LORI A.


Text | More





RUGGLES, DAVID


Text | More





RUGGLES, PATRICIA


Text | More





RUHFUS, JUERGEN


Text | More





RUIZ, ARDELL


Text | More





RUIZ, DAVID G.


Text | More





RUIZ, HIRAM A.


Text | More





RUIZ, ROBERTO


Text | More





RUKEYSER, LOUIS


Text | More





RUMPF, RICHARD L.


Text | More





RUN, JANE, RUN (organization)


Text | More





RUNYON, MARVIN


Text | More





RUNYON, MARVIN T.


Text | More





RUPP, HAROLD


Text | More





RUPP, JOHN


Text | More





RUPP, ROBERT R.


Text | More





RUPPE, LORET M.


Text | More





RUPPERT, LA MONT


Text | More





RURAL AIR SERVICE PRESERVATION ACT


Text | More





RURAL AREAS related term(s) Agriculture


Text | More





RURAL AREAS see ;


Text | More





RURAL BUSINESS REVITALIZATION ACT


Text | More





RURAL CONDITIONS related term(s) Agriculture


Text | More





RURAL ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT ACT


Text | More





RURAL ELECTRIFICATION ADMINISTRATION


Text | More





RURAL HEALTH AND SAFETY EDUCATION ACT


Text | More





RURAL HEALTH CARE PROVIDER RECRUITMENT AND EDUCATION ACT


Text | More





RURAL PARTNERSHIPS ACT


Text | More





RURAL RENTAL HOUSING AFFORDABILITY ACT


Text | More





RURAL SMALL BUSINESS WEEK


Text | More





RURAL VALLEY, PA


Text | More





RUSCZYNSKI, MEREK


Text | More





RUSH, DAVID


Text | More





RUSK, DEAN


Text | More





RUSS, JACK


Text | More





RUSSAKOFF, DALE


Text | More





RUSSELL, ERK


Text | More





RUSSELL, J.E. (EDDIE)


Text | More





RUSSELL, JAMES E.


Text | More





RUSSELL, MILTON


Text | More





RUSSELL, REUBEN E.


Text | More





RUSSEN, MICHAEL J.


Text | More





RUSSIA see Union of Soviet Socialist Republics


Text | More





RUSSO, MARTY (a Representative from Illinois)


Text | More





RUSSOM, ARCHIE


Text | More





RUST, WILLIAM


Text | More





RUST-TIERNEY, DIANN


Text | More





RUST-TIERNEY, DIANN Y.


Text | More





RUTH, GEORGE H. (BABE)


Text | More





RUTH, RUSTY


Text | More





RUTLAND (VT) HERALD


Text | More





RUTLEDGE, JOHN


Text | More





RUTLEDGE, NANCY


Text | More





RUTSTEIN, IRVING R.


Text | More





RUTTAN, W. VERNON


Text | More





RUTZICK, MARK C.


Text | More





RUUD, BRUCE


Text | More





RUWE, L. NICHOLAS


Text | More





RYAN, ARTHUR M.


Text | More





RYAN, HAROLD M. (a former Representative from Michigan)


Text | More





RYAN, JAMES H.


Text | More





RYAN, JOHN E.


Text | More





RYAN, JOHN L.


Text | More





RYAN, KEVIN


Text | More





RYAN, KEVIN J.


Text | More





RYAN, MARK


Text | More





RYAN, MARY L.


Text | More





RYAN, MICHAEL T.


Text | More





RYAN, NOLAN


Text | More





RYAN, RANDOLPH


Text | More





RYAN, ROSELLA


Text | More





RYAN, STEPHEN


Text | More





RYAN, T. TIMOTHY, JR.


Text | More





RYAN, THOMAS A.


Text | More





RYAN, TIMOTHY


Text | More





RYAN, TOM L.


Text | More





RYAN, WILLIAM J.


Text | More





RYBKA, PETER J.


Text | More





RYE BROOK, NY


Text | More





RYEN, DAG


Text | More





RYERSON, ANDRE


Text | More





RYLANDER, R. LYNN


Text | More





RYLES, NANCY


Text | More





RYNERSON, JACQUELINE


Text | More












					 					
				
 

 







	    732 North Capitol Street, NW, Washington, DC 20401-0001 
	     
	     
	    202.512.1800
	     
	     



	

GitHub
	     
		| 
	     
Sitemap
	     
		| 
	     
	    Bulk Data
	     
		| 
	     
	    Privacy
	     
	    | 
	     
	    Accessibility

























 
Product Search - Routledge
Product SearchResults for: author = John L. Ryan; range = all. Search again. 2 All NewAllPublishedForthcoming Product Types FeaturedTextbooksProfessional / TradeHandbooks / CompanionsResearch MonographsMajor WorksPaperbacks Direct Bacterial Endotoxic LipopolysaccharidesBy David C. Morrison, John L. RyanBacterial Endotoxic Lipopolysaccharides provides an up-to-date, two-volume review of the latest information regarding bacterial lipopolysaccharide structure and activities. These volumes cover the biochemistry, pharmacology, and pathophysiologic properties of endotoxins.  The volumes also…Hardback – 1992-09-11CRC PressBacterial Endotoxic LipopolysaccharidesBy David C. Morrison, John L. RyanBacterial Endotoxic Lipopolysaccharides provides an up-to-date, two-volume review of the latest information regarding bacterial lipopolysaccharide structure and activities. These volumes cover the biochemistry, pharmacology, and pathophysiologic properties of endotoxins.  The volumes also…Hardback – 1992-08-05CRC PressAdvanced SearchKeywordsTitleAuthor/EditorISBNProduct GroupanyFeaturedHandbooks / CompanionsInteractive eTextbooksLibrary / ReferenceMajor WorksPaperbacks DirectProfessional / TradeResearch MonographsSpecial Issues of JournalsStudent ReferenceTextbooksSubject CategoryanyArea StudiesArtsBehavioral SciencesBuilt EnvironmentCommunication StudiesDevelopment StudiesEconomics, Finance, Business & IndustryEducationEnvironment and SustainabilityGeographyHealth and Social CareHumanitiesInformation ScienceLanguage & LiteratureLawMedicine, Dentistry, Nursing & Allied HealthMuseum and Heritage StudiesPolitics & International RelationsReference & Information ScienceSocial SciencesSports and LeisureTourism, Hospitality and EventsUrban StudiesImprint/PublisheranyA K Peters/CRC PressAOCS PublishingAPA Planners PressASM PressAnalytic Press Anamaya PublishersApple Academic PressArchitectural PressAshgateAshgate (ex Arena)Ashgate (ex Gower)Ashgate (ex Scolar)Ashgate (ex Variorum)Ashgate Chem. Ref.Ashgate Dartmouth Ashgate VariorumAuerbach PublicationsBIOS Scientific PublishersBehavioral ScienceBirkbeck Law PressBlackwellBridge 21, USABrunner-RoutledgeCRC PressCattleDog PublishingChapman and Hall/CRCDavid Fulton Publishers  EPFL PressESI InternationalEarthscanEdition SynapseEditiones Scholasticae, GermanyErlbaum Behavioral ScienceErlbaum Psych PressEstates GazetteEuropa PublicationsEye on EducationFacet PublishingFairmont PressFederation PressFocal PressFrank CassGarland ScienceGestalt PressGower Gower (ex Ashgate) Gregg RevivalsGuilford PressHIMSS PublishingHakluyt Society IHS BRE PressInforma HealthcareInforma LawInforma Law from RoutledgeInternational Work Group for Indigenous AffairsJaypee UKKegan PaulLawrence ErlbaumLearningLund HumphriesLynne RiennerMacat LibraryMarcel DekkerMayo Clinic Scientific PressMedpharmNBSNarosaNetherlands Institute for Social ResearchNew Concept PressPan StanfordPowerhouse PublishingProductivity PressPsychology PressQMP/CRC PressRFF PressRIBARIBA PublishingRoutledgeRoutledge AcademicRoutledge IndiaRoutledge Mental HealthRoutledge-CavendishRoutledgeCurzonRoutledgeFalmerSDC PublicationsSchattauerSchlueterscheScience PublishersScolar PressSoftware & Alt MediaSpon PressStata PressStudien Verlag, AustriaSwedish Pharmaceutical PressTaylor & FrancisTeton NewMediaThe Copy WorkshopTheatre Arts BookUniversities PressWhittles PublishingPublication DateanyAllNewNew/PublishedPublishedForthcoming Search
Ryan John L Md in West Haven, Connecticut with Reviews - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeWest Haven, CTRyan John L MdWest Haven, CT Ryan John L MdAbout Search ResultsAbout Search ResultsYP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. “Preferred” listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions. YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.Sort:DefaultDefaultDistanceRatingName (A - Z)Sponsored LinksAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection1. Renzulli, John L, MD41 Old Turnpike RdSouthington, CT 06489(860) 276-9295Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection2. Ritter John L MdNew Haven, CT 06520(203) 785-5102Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection3. Maiocco, John L112 Quarry RdTrumbull, CT 06611(203) 374-3464Physicians & Surgeons, PodiatristsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection4. Bean John L2150 Corbin AveNew Britain, CT 06053(860) 223-2761Occupational TherapistsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection5. Franco, John L9 Brooksite DrSmithtown, NY 11787(631) 724-0456Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection6. Maiocco John L Dpm - CLOSED4699 Main St Ste 211Bridgeport, CT 06606(203) 374-3464Physicians & Surgeons, PodiatristsBusinesses in related categories to Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED7. Arons, Jeffrey A MD(6)245 Amity Rd Ste 107Woodbridge, CT 06525(203) 228-5123Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteVirtual TourDirectionsServicesMore InfoVisit our websitedrarons.comDr Aron's is fantastic. He told me what needed to be done and was spot on. He is very kind and patient when going over options and explained the sur…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection8. Ruben Harvey L Md Pc77 Knollwood DrNew Haven, CT 06515(203) 397-0064Physicians & SurgeonsDirectionsMore InfoFrom Business: Dr. Ruben was the Director of Continuing Education for the Department of Psychiatry for 18 years. He was the President of the Department of Psychiatry Alumni Asso…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED9. SeaburyBBB Rating: A+200 Seabury DrBloomfield, CT 06002(860) 286-0243Retirement & Life Care Communities...WebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoFrom Business: Seabury Retirement Community provides a range of retirement planning services. It operates a wellness complex, which is fully equipped with training machines and …Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your shopping collection!Error when adding to shopping collectionThis business was removed from the shopping collectionPREFERRED10. Dr Gordon E Fosdick DPM470 Main StMiddlefield, CT 06455(203) 679-1967Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteDirectionsProductsMore InfoFrom Business: Dr. Fosdick is a Specialist in Foot Care and Has Received Extensive Training in the Diagnosis, Treatment and Prevention of Foot and Ankle Disorders by Both Medica…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection11. Connair Michael P MD12 Village StNorth Haven, CT 06473(203) 777-2044Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection12. Dermatologic Laser Center Of CT153 East AveNorwalk, CT 06851(203) 939-7274LasersPhysicians & SurgeonsWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoMake an AppointmentVisit our websitecyruschessmd.comFrom Business: Call today to schedule a consultative appointment to discuss your laser skin care needs.Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED13. Fischbein Ellen R Md355 Highland AveCheshire, CT 06410(203) 272-1208Physicians & SurgeonsClinicsDirectionsMore InfoAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED14. Dr James R Allen16 Red Bush LnMilford, CT 06461(203) 877-5626Chiropractors & Chiropractic ServicesWebsiteVirtual TourDirectionsMore InfoVisit our websitedrjrallen.comAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection15. Cardiology Associates Of Central CT, LLCBBB Rating: A+1062 Barnes RdWallingford, CT 06492(203) 699-6039Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoFrom Business: Cardiology Associates of Central Connecticut (formerly Meriden-Wallingford Cardiovascular Associates) is a recognized leader in the community in the field of spec…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED16. Comprehensive Orthopaedics & Musculoskeletal Care LLC863 N Main Street ExtWallingford, CT 06492(203) 303-7052Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection17. Eye Surgery Associates LLC46 Prince StNew Haven, CT 06519(203) 785-1755Physicians & Surgeons, OphthalmologyWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoFrom Business: Since its founding in 1973, Eye Surgery Associates has offered patients outstanding ophthalmic care. Dr. Anthony Musto, Dr. Brian DeBroff and Dr. Vicente Diaz off…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED18. Nephrology Associates PC900 Madison AveBridgeport, CT 06606(203) 551-9237Physicians & Surgeons, Nephrology...WebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoFrom Business: For over 40 years, Nephrology Associates, PC has been dedicated to the surrounding community by providing outstanding service and patient care. Our board certifie…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection19. Berliner Andrew D.P.M.246 E Main StClinton, CT 06413(860) 669-1320Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoFrom Business: Podiatric Medicine & Surgery for Children & AdultsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection20. Pepe Vincent MD816 Broad StMeriden, CT 06450(203) 427-8537Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection21. Center for Advanced Reproductive Services50 Columbus BlvdHartford, CT 06106(860) 525-8283Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection22. Comprehensive Psychiatric Care PcBBB Rating: A+200 W Town StNorwich, CT 06360(860) 319-0318Marriage & Family TherapistsWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFrom Business: Now we have 2 Offices Norwich and Old Saybrook. Quality services to adults, adolescents, and children offering comprehensive diagnostic assessment, psychiatric ev…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED23. Gambardella Paul T Dr329 Main StWallingford, CT 06492(203) 679-1912Physicians & SurgeonsDirectionsMore InfoAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED24. Affiliated Foot Care Center15 S Elm StWallingford, CT 06492(203) 427-8040Physicians & Surgeons, PodiatristsWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFrom Business: Board Certified in foot Surgery New patients welcome Same day service X-ray equipment on siteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED25. Goldfarb Ranno & Associates Llc2 Trap Falls RdShelton, CT 06484(203) 944-9866Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED26. Lieponis Jonas V MD47 Clapboard Hill RdGuilford, CT 06437(203) 433-0906Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteFind a LocationDirectionsMore InfoFrom Business: What makes Dr. Lieponis' practice unique is the combination of expertise and experience. Since 1984 Dr. Lieponis has focused primarily on helping patients with sp…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED27. Yale Podiatry GroupBBB Rating: A+364 E Main StAnsonia, CT 06401(203) 446-2880Physicians & Surgeons, PodiatristsWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED28. Midstate Gastroenterology Specialists PC(1)455 Lewis AveMeriden, CT 06451(203) 237-2477Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoI got an appointment with in days and they had me set for my procedure by the next week. The doctor was very informative about my procedure and answ…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection29. Milford Ob-Gyn Physicians(4)309 Seaside AveMilford, CT 06460(203) 951-1259Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoBest doctor out there. Great personality, great doctor, makes you feel at ease, and the staff is very freindly and wonderful!!Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED30. Center For Laser & Cosmetic Medicine(1)27 Hospital AveDanbury, CT 06810(203) 744-0400Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoI really like the Center For Laser Medicine. I have seen them numerous times for various problems and they really know what they are doing, and ever…Sponsored LinksRelated Articlesfor Ryan John L Mdmore related articles »Drug Abuse: Symptoms to Look for in a Loved One »One out of every seven Americans will face a substance addiction. Here are some resources to help you help a loved one, and notice…The January 2017 To-Do List »The holiday festivities are over, but January doesn't have to be a drag. It's actually the best time to finish projects and organize your life – all while having a little fun. Urgent Care: What to Know, When to Go »We needed an ear, nose and throat specialist, but the wait at our HMO was two weeks. What now? An emergency room seemed like overk…Map ViewSponsoredLongHorn Steakhouse(2)70 Universal Dr, North Haven, CT 06473Other Locations »(203) 479-9212WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoOlive Garden Italian Restaurant(3)310 Universal Dr N, North Haven, CT 06473Other Locations »(203) 718-8702Create Your Own Tour of Italy-customize your perfect meal today!WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoOlive Garden Italian Restaurant(5)439 Boston Post Rd, Orange, CT 06477(203) 718-8734Create Your Own Tour of Italy-customize your perfect meal today!WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoCaptain's Cove Seaport(2)1 Bostwick Ave, Bridgeport, CT 06605(203) 993-6376WebsiteCouponsYP AdDirectionsMore InfoDidn't find what you were looking for?magnifying glassDid You Know?Physicians and surgeons help to keep people - from infants to the elderly - as healthy as possible. These individuals provide diagnoses and treatments for a wide variety of ailments, and preventative care and early detection for more serious illnesses. Whether you love or hate going to the doctor, the fact is your physician is there to listen to your health concerns, take preventative measures against diseases and advise you on your options for staying in tip-top shape.In 2013, there were more than 1 million doctors of medicine in the U.S., over 854,000 of which were active. Additionally, in 2012, there were about 18,000 active general surgeons in the country. It's important to know which type of physician or surgeon you need, how to choose the best one, and account for other considerations in order to stay healthy.Different Types of PhysiciansPatients can choose from a wide variety of physicians depending on doctor specialty and what problems they are experiencing. Here are a few of the most common types of physicians that you may see in your lifetime:General Practitioner
Your GP is the doctor that you go to for regular checkups, vaccines and to identify health issues. GPs can treat many different illnesses and injuries, from the common cold to a broken arm. If your health requires a second opinion or expert care, the GP will refer you to a specialist who has the skills to focus in on the issue.Cardiologist
Heart attacks and heart disease are some of the most common afflictions seen across the country, making cardiologists important to your long-term health. These physicians specialize in studying and treating the heart and related diseases.Dentist
Other than a GP, the dentist is likely the most common physician you'll ever see. These professionals work with the human mouth, ensuring that your teeth and gum health are up to par. Patients typically go to the dentist twice a year.Dermatologist
Dermatologists are focused on skin-related issues and diseases, from skin cancers, to acute acne, eczema, psoriasis, and general cosmetic concerns like aging and scars. Most will also perform annual or semi-annual mole checks to screen for any signs of melanoma, the most serious form of skin cancer.ENT
If you have a number of sinus infections or have had your tonsils taken out, you've likely seen an ENT specialist. ENTs handle ailments related to the ear, nose and throat, often related to taking out tonsils and treating hearing issues.OB/GYN
For many women, their gynecologist and obstetrician are the same person. These professionals work with the female reproductive system to focus on reproductive health, fertility issues, prenatal care, options for new and expectant mothers, neonatal care and childbirth. OB/GYNs can also help in the early detection of breast or cervical cancer.Choosing a PhysicianThere are obviously a number of physicians that you can choose from, but how do you know if they're the best choice for you? Here are a few considerations to help you pick a physician:Look at Your Insurance
Before you get down to the details, you need to verify which doctors are covered by your insurance and whether they are in or out of your carrier's network. Rates may be cheaper if the doc is in network – a doctor can be covered by your insurance but not necessarily in network. Out of network is typically more expensive. Doctors often add and drop plans, so it's important to ensure that your options are compatible with your insurance plan. Doing your homework will help you avoid unexpected expenses. Check for Board Certification
Your physician should be certified through the American Board of Medical Specialties. Doctors must earn a medical degree from a qualified school, complete three to seven years of residency training, be licensed by a state medical board and pass one or more ABMS exams to be certified.Examine the Reviews
Reviews of a doctor can reveal a lot about what your experience may be like. People may grade on staff friendliness, availability and effectiveness of treatment. Looking at these evaluations and getting recommendations from family and friends can direct you toward a physician for your needs.Choosing a SurgeonSurgeons can literally hold your life in their hands, and it's important to find the best one that can put you at ease and treat you effectivelyCompatibility Factor
You need to feel comfortable with your surgeon. It's important to communicate your concerns and that your surgeon can respond adequately. Surgeons should be willing to go over the details of your procedure and answer any questions that you may have. They must take the time to discuss and address your worries.Expertise Level
If you're going in for surgery, you want someone that knows what they're doing and has a high success rate. Ask how often the surgeon performs this surgery and try to find one that regularly does it. This will give you peace of mind that you're in capable hands.Understanding Your InsuranceYour decision on a physician or surgeon can be majorly affected by the insurance plan you have. You may have insurance through employment, your spouse, your parents if you're under 26, or the marketplace if the previous options don't apply to you. It's important to understand how your insurance works to have the full picture of what you'll need to pay for.Your insurance will have a deductible, which is the amount that you're responsible to pay for covered medical expenses. Some plans have coinsurances, where you must pay a certain percentage of the bill, and insurance will cover the rest. Co-pays state a flat rate for certain services, like paying $20 when you visit your GP or a $100 co-pay for an emergency room visit. Once you reach your out-of-pocket maximum, which will differ if you're an individual or within a family plan, your insurance may pay for 100 percent of covered medical expenses for the rest of the plan year.If you plan to go to the doctor, need medication or have been recommended for surgery, call your insurance provider or go online to see what your plan covers. You can choose the best doctor for your needs, understand your options and prevent yourself from being blindsided by medical expenses.Setting Your AppointmentMost doctors require a phone call for an appointment, although some may provide online scheduling as well. Be sure to have your insurance card with you when you set an appointment, and to bring it with you to the actual appointment. They need the ID numbers to verify your coverage, and will usually make a copy of the card for their files so you don't have to show it again unless your insurance changes.When you call, let them know if you're a new patient, as this will require you to complete some paperwork for your first visit. Tell them the reason for your visit, such as your symptoms if you're feeling sick. It's also important to inform them if you have Medicaid and to find out if you need to bring anything to the visit, like current medications or medical records.From here, the receptionist will likely ask what dates and times work best for you. During your call, it's important to be honest about your symptoms and the reason for your visit. This information will help the doctor treat you and give him or her an idea of what to expect. Your appointment may progress faster as a result, and the doctor can come prepared with a list of options to better care for you.RisksDoctors see a number of patients in a day, sometimes in 15-minute increments in areas where the physicians are in high demand. This can leave little time for doctors to perform thorough examinations, and they can end up missing certain problem indicators. While some problems, like a cold or flu, can be diagnosed in this time, more complex ailments require attention, which takes up time. Reviews can illuminate which doctors actively spend the necessary time with their patients and which ones are pressed against the clock to meet demand.Surgery has some more dire risks attached to it, so be sure to talk to your surgeon about the potential issues that can come up as a result of your procedure. If a patient has a reaction to anesthesia, it can cause very serious complications, but this is an uncommon occurrence. Blood clots can be a significant problem after surgery, often caused by inactivity during recovery. Infections, numbness, scarring, swelling and death are all possible, but the likelihood of these issues will vary depending on the type of surgery you're undergoing. Talk to your doctor about your concerns and your risk potential.AftercareSurgery affects people in different ways, but as you begin to emerge from anesthesia, you'll want to alert your nurse to any issues you may have. The nurse will tell you how the procedure went, what effect it will have on your condition, what to expect when you get home and how long it will take to get back to normal. If you start feeling pain, the nurse may give you medication to stop it from getting worse. When possible, it's also advised to move around to avoid blood clots from developing in your legs. This can be as simple as occasionally flexing your knee or rotating your foot. Some surgeries are outpatient procedures, where people are released the same day. For major surgeries, patients may stay at the hospital for a few days to be monitored and address any concerns before being sent home. Discuss with your surgeon the projected length of the hospital stay and what you need to bring.Recovery and Follow-upYour recovery time and follow-up expectations will vary depending on your procedure. For example, you can be expected to be on your feet within a few days of having your wisdom teeth taken out, but it may be weeks before you have fully recovered from a broken foot or heart-valve surgery. Your surgeon will give you a list of things that you'll need to do during this time, including what medications to take and when you'll be able to get back to work and other activities.Every surgery will have a follow-up call or appointment to discuss your recovery and allow you to ask any questions about unusual symptoms or changes in your overall health. If you have a major operation, like heart surgery, it's important to make regular checkups with your doctor or a specialist to ensure that everything is normal. Visiting a doctor will help deter infection and verify that everything is healing as expected. These appointments will give you peace of mind about your state of health and ensure that any issues are caught early on. 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback
