









Thomas M. Ryan  
Attorney at Law
Certified specialist injury and wrongful death 

			Representing clients since 1983 with complete case involvement, effective trial skills, and proven results.
		
 


 


 




 
			Law Office of Thomas M. Ryan
			

			565 W. Chandler Blvd. 
			
			Suite 210
			
			Chandler, AZ 85225
			

			480-963-3333 (Main) 
			




				Thomas M. Ryan is a well recognized personal injury trial lawyer in Arizona. He has successfully handled complex medical malpractice cases, product design cases, birth trauma cases, auto/motorcycle injuries, faulty road design cases, and many more. 
			

"When they needed a fighter, 
			they turned to Tom Ryan."

			&nbsp &nbsp &nbsp -Josh Mankowitz 
			&nbsp &nbsp &nbsp Dateline, NBC - May, 1996 
			






Thomas M. Ryan
online at

visit superlawyers.com












		&copy Copyright 2010 Thomas M. Ryan.  This Website was made using only free, open-source software.
	






Ryan Thomas' profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up Ryan Thomas#468516@ryan_thomas0Following0FollowersFollow1 UpvoteHotlineIn-app chat,real-time engagement & self-service for your appCustomer communic...+ 3 save 233 8Share this profile












All Whites star Ryan Thomas signs new deal with Dutch club PEC Zwolle | Stuff.co.nz



























































            sport








Search

























All Whites star Ryan Thomas signs new deal with Dutch club PEC Zwolle








    








    
        
    
    
    
    




 










                            Last updated 12:26, July 23 2017




 










REUTERS


Ryan Thomas has extended his contract with PEC Zwolle until the end of the 2018-19 season.

 

Fresh off a standout performance at the Confederations Cup, All Whites midfielder Ryan Thomas has signed a new contract to extend his stay at Dutch club PEC Zwolle.​But at the same time, he remains open to the possibility of a transfer.The Waikato product's contract was set to expire at the end of the 2017-18 season, but now runs for another year, a short extension that will do little to quell speculation about a move.Thomas has been at the club since 2013, making 121 appearances and scoring 13 goals - two of which came as they beat Ajax in the final of the national cup competition in 2014.READ MORE: * West Ham sign winger * No coach can 'make' a player * All White off to Vancouver * NZ U-20 women qualify for World CupThe 22-year-old was the best performer as the All Whites floundered at the Confederations Cup in June, which helped to drive speculation that he might be on the move from PEC, who came close to being relegated during the 2016-17 season.After playing in a preseason match on Friday, where he wore the captain's armband, Thomas told Dutch broadcaster RTV Oost that while he loves playing for PEC, he wasn't going to rule out a move."If a club comes in now, if it's right for both parties, then we are always going to talk. I can still grow here, I've still got a lot to learn, I've got a lot to prove, and this season hopefully I'll do that."With football you never know. If the right amount of money comes in, and it's the right opportunity for PEC and also for me, you can't turn that down."




      
    

📝 NIEUWS | Ryan Thomas langer in Zwolse dienst! Middenvelder tekent contract tot 2019. ⚽️💙 #peczwolle #selectie #eredivisie #ryanthomas
A post shared by PEC Zwolle (@peczwolle) on Jul 21, 2017 at 8:21am PDT






                        Ad Feedback
                    




PEC finished 14th in the Dutch Eredivisie last year, and were only one point clear of the relegation zone. Manager Ron Jans' contract expired at the end of the season, and he has been replaced by former Melbourne City manager John van 't Schip.If they continue to struggle, interest in Thomas is only likely to grow, especially if he continues to impress at international level, but he said that he was in a good place at the moment."I'm not in a rush to go anywhere or to make money or anything like that," said Thomas in an interview on PEC's website."I want to make sure that I get everything out of my career that I can, and I feel like PEC can do that perfectly from where I am right now, and trying to improve from there."Last year's poor campaign followed impressive sixth and eighth-place finishes in the two previous seasons.Thomas told the club's website that last season was "difficult ... for everyone, and no one really played well".He said his goal was to keep his form from the Confederations Cup, and bring it into the new season, which starts on August 13.

                     - Stuff














Saved|Saved Stories


Saved|Saved Stories






Save|Saved Stories


Save|Saved Stories








Next World Game story:
West Ham United sign winger Marko Arnautovic as busy transfer window continues
Sport Homepage












Comments









  


















                sport headlines





    
        Chiefs up against history
    





    
        Skipper eyes fifth World Cup
    





    
        Highlanders need home advantage
    





    
        British striker joins mate at Tasman
    





    
        'Shark' 1, Phelps 0
    





    
        Hasler's Bulldogs future on agenda
    





    
        Driving range hazard for residents
    






    
        Spieth's wild ride to glory
    





    
        Josh Scott out to defend junior world title
    





    
        Decision to play defended
    





    
        Kiwi pair set for worlds
    





    
        High shot hum bugs
    





    
        Five debutants for Tall Blacks
    





    
        Paddon keen on Finish pace
    





    
        Bidwell: Thanks for the effort
    






 





                        Ad Feedback
                    









Most popular


Viewed
Shared
Commented



Much-loved student and younger sister Tamsyn Whiteman mourned after drowning in bath

Family shocked after sudden death on West Coast farm

The Warehouse to offload financial services division for $18m

Suspected homicide as man's body discovered in Te Awamutu

The Block recap: Keeping the kids in line

Snow down to 300m, or lower later this week

Woman texts husband to tell family 'I love you' as plane nosedives

Heavily pregnant woman's car hit in Christchurch road rage incident

Why the Greens should offer tax cuts for the childless

Henley: The Otago township that became an island



                14 warning signs that you might be dating someone with psychopathy



                14 tips and tricks for Spotify



                Government may back down on immigration changes



                Cycleway, improved roading allocated $231m on State Highway 1



                Fletcher's problems highlight construction's age-old strains 



                Foundation system allows re-levelling after quakes 



                "The culinary world has just lost a gentleman"



                The Hill grill: Our Kim takes on US ambassador Scott Brown over 'misogynistic' Donald Trump



                Pelorus Sound estuaries among the muddiest in New Zealand



                Lucy Hone: Bad stress versus good stress













        special offers
    





























                        Ad Feedback
                    





  



















All Whites star Ryan Thomas signs new deal with Dutch club PEC Zwolle | Stuff.co.nz



























































            sport








Search

























All Whites star Ryan Thomas signs new deal with Dutch club PEC Zwolle








    








    
        
    
    
    
    




 










                            Last updated 12:26, July 23 2017




 










REUTERS


Ryan Thomas has extended his contract with PEC Zwolle until the end of the 2018-19 season.

 

Fresh off a standout performance at the Confederations Cup, All Whites midfielder Ryan Thomas has signed a new contract to extend his stay at Dutch club PEC Zwolle.​But at the same time, he remains open to the possibility of a transfer.The Waikato product's contract was set to expire at the end of the 2017-18 season, but now runs for another year, a short extension that will do little to quell speculation about a move.Thomas has been at the club since 2013, making 121 appearances and scoring 13 goals - two of which came as they beat Ajax in the final of the national cup competition in 2014.READ MORE: * West Ham sign winger * No coach can 'make' a player * All White off to Vancouver * NZ U-20 women qualify for World CupThe 22-year-old was the best performer as the All Whites floundered at the Confederations Cup in June, which helped to drive speculation that he might be on the move from PEC, who came close to being relegated during the 2016-17 season.After playing in a preseason match on Friday, where he wore the captain's armband, Thomas told Dutch broadcaster RTV Oost that while he loves playing for PEC, he wasn't going to rule out a move."If a club comes in now, if it's right for both parties, then we are always going to talk. I can still grow here, I've still got a lot to learn, I've got a lot to prove, and this season hopefully I'll do that."With football you never know. If the right amount of money comes in, and it's the right opportunity for PEC and also for me, you can't turn that down."




      
    

📝 NIEUWS | Ryan Thomas langer in Zwolse dienst! Middenvelder tekent contract tot 2019. ⚽️💙 #peczwolle #selectie #eredivisie #ryanthomas
A post shared by PEC Zwolle (@peczwolle) on Jul 21, 2017 at 8:21am PDT






                        Ad Feedback
                    




PEC finished 14th in the Dutch Eredivisie last year, and were only one point clear of the relegation zone. Manager Ron Jans' contract expired at the end of the season, and he has been replaced by former Melbourne City manager John van 't Schip.If they continue to struggle, interest in Thomas is only likely to grow, especially if he continues to impress at international level, but he said that he was in a good place at the moment."I'm not in a rush to go anywhere or to make money or anything like that," said Thomas in an interview on PEC's website."I want to make sure that I get everything out of my career that I can, and I feel like PEC can do that perfectly from where I am right now, and trying to improve from there."Last year's poor campaign followed impressive sixth and eighth-place finishes in the two previous seasons.Thomas told the club's website that last season was "difficult ... for everyone, and no one really played well".He said his goal was to keep his form from the Confederations Cup, and bring it into the new season, which starts on August 13.

                     - Stuff














Saved|Saved Stories


Saved|Saved Stories






Save|Saved Stories


Save|Saved Stories








Next World Game story:
West Ham United sign winger Marko Arnautovic as busy transfer window continues
Sport Homepage












Comments









  


















                sport headlines





    
        Chiefs up against history
    





    
        Skipper eyes fifth World Cup
    





    
        Highlanders need home advantage
    





    
        British striker joins mate at Tasman
    





    
        'Shark' 1, Phelps 0
    





    
        Hasler's Bulldogs future on agenda
    





    
        Driving range hazard for residents
    






    
        Spieth's wild ride to glory
    





    
        Josh Scott out to defend junior world title
    





    
        Decision to play defended
    





    
        Kiwi pair set for worlds
    





    
        High shot hum bugs
    





    
        Five debutants for Tall Blacks
    





    
        Paddon keen on Finish pace
    





    
        Bidwell: Thanks for the effort
    






 





                        Ad Feedback
                    









Most popular


Viewed
Shared
Commented



Much-loved student and younger sister Tamsyn Whiteman mourned after drowning in bath

Family shocked after sudden death on West Coast farm

The Warehouse to offload financial services division for $18m

Suspected homicide as man's body discovered in Te Awamutu

The Block recap: Keeping the kids in line

Snow down to 300m, or lower later this week

Woman texts husband to tell family 'I love you' as plane nosedives

Heavily pregnant woman's car hit in Christchurch road rage incident

Why the Greens should offer tax cuts for the childless

Henley: The Otago township that became an island



                14 warning signs that you might be dating someone with psychopathy



                14 tips and tricks for Spotify



                Government may back down on immigration changes



                Cycleway, improved roading allocated $231m on State Highway 1



                Fletcher's problems highlight construction's age-old strains 



                Foundation system allows re-levelling after quakes 



                "The culinary world has just lost a gentleman"



                The Hill grill: Our Kim takes on US ambassador Scott Brown over 'misogynistic' Donald Trump



                Pelorus Sound estuaries among the muddiest in New Zealand



                Lucy Hone: Bad stress versus good stress













        special offers
    





























                        Ad Feedback
                    





  


















Ryan Thomas Riddle's profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up Ryan Thomas Riddle#10307@ryantriddleSr. Brand Strategist at UXPin ryanthomasriddle.com149Following241FollowersFollow19 UpvotesWeb Design Book Of Trends 201761 examples showcasing great web design techniquesBooks+ 3 save 198 7Spec Mode by UXPinAuto-generate specs for Sketch prototypesDeveloper Tools+ 5 save 228 17The Guide to UX LeadershipBest practices for leading impactful UX teamsBooks+ 1 save 125 6The Project Guide to Enterprise Product DesignFree e-book. UX best practices from real projects. Books+ 1 save 113 9Real-Life UX ProcessesPeek inside design at Slack, Autodesk, and others.Books+ 1 save 68 9UX Design: The Definitive Beginner's Guide90 pages of field advice, featuring 15 UX expertsBooks+ 2 save 60 1UX Design Trends 2016A 164-page free guide Books+ 3 save 155 10Web Design Trends 2016: The Definitive GuideRead it all online, or save as a PDF later. Books+ 4 save 83 3UXPin (Redesigned)The design collaboration tool, completely redesigned.Design Tools+ 2 save 285 9The Future of Enterprise UXLearn how to create consumer-grade Enterprise UX experiencesBooks save 64 1TestSubjectTest how your email subject line displays on mobile devices.Tech+ 1 save 154 13UXPin + SlackKeep tabs on design projects in SlackDesign Tools+ 4 save 99 4The Field Guide to UX StrategyActionable UX strategy guide from Robert Hoekman Jr.Books+ 1 save 114 11ScreenbeaconFully automated integration testing for visual designTech save 87 7Design TriggersPull the trigger on product design decisionsTech save 68 3UXPinUX Design toolsTech save 274 7UXPinLow-fi to hi-fi design in a single collaborative toolTech save 84 1Studio by UXPinFree UX e-books, articles, webinars for product teamsDesign Tools+ 2 save 19 1UXPin + TypekitTypography consistency for the whole design workflowDesign Tools+ 2 save 22 0Share this profileRecent CommentsThe Field Guide to UX StrategyThe Field Guide to UX StrategyThe Field Guide to UX StrategyDesign Triggers






• Ryan, Thomas M • Phoenix • Arizona • lawyers.com/treonaguirrelaw                      USA   Phoenix  LoginRegisterLogin with Facebook        R Ryan, Thomas M    Not evaluated yet  Evaluate     2700 N Central Ave Ste 1400, Phoenix, Phoenix, Arizona, 85004    About Us How to get     RYAN, THOMAS M | Phoenix  |  Add to My list Added        Companies  Products      Search companies…  







  Edit Ryan, Thomas M   See phone loading...  (602) 285-4400    2700 N Central Ave Ste 1400, Phoenix, 85004   Phoenix, Arizona  How to get   http://www.lawyers.com/treonaguirrelaw/   Thomas MRyanPhoenix       







  Top Businesses         Dedicated Dog Training       Dolman Law Group - New Port Richey       Expressway Courier and Freight LLC       Pittsburgh SEO Magician       Worth Palos Dentistry   







   Evaluations of Ryan, Thomas M:        To evaluate this company please Login or Register    Statistics:1times viewed4times listed   Keywords: Thomas M, Ryan, Phoenix, 2700 N Central Ave Ste 1400, Thomas M Phoenix, Ryan Phoenix, Phoenix Phoenix, 2700 N Central Ave Ste 1400 Phoenix Ryan, Thomas M - Phoenix - Arizona - lawyers.com/treonaguirrelaw    2700 N Central Ave Ste 1400, Phoenix, 85004Show on map   How to get   







id0310004474596 Related Content for: Ryan, Thomas M    Ryan Gosling - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Ryan Thomas Gosling (born November 12, 1980) is a Canadian actor and musician. He began his career as a child star on the Disney Channel's Mickey Mouse Club (1993 ...      Matt Ryan - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Matthew Thomas "Matt" Ryan (born May 17, 1985), nicknamed " Matty Ice," is the starting American football quarterback for the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football ...      Ryan Gosling - IMDb Ryan Gosling, Actor: Drive. Ryan Gosling was born on November 12, 1980, in London, Ontario, to Thomas and Donna Gosling, and was the second of their two children. The ...      USA, Patriotic and Political Gifts: Home: Zazzle.com Store Help us personalize your shopping experience by telling us what you like! ...      Ryan Gosling Workout Program For Crazy Stupid Love | FitMole Become Hollywood's hottest actor and use the Ryan Gosling workout routine and diet plan to build muscle and get photoshopped abs.      Ryan Gosling Net Worth 2012 | Get Net Worth Ryan Thomas Gosling (born November 12, 1980) is a Canadian actor and musician. He began his career as a child star on the Disney Channel's Mickey Mouse Club (1993-95 ...      Ryan Reynolds Workout - Ryan Went Through This Workout. … Ever wanted to know how about the secret Ryan Reynolds workout? Click here to find out now.      profile (openmikes.org) A listing of music open mike nights in the US and Canada. Search, browse or submit listings -- all free.      Bethlehem Area News: Graduation - RSSing Site Today's commencement ceremony concluded the Bethlehem school's 267th academic year.      NFL - Players Rosters - National Football League - ESPN Get the comprehensive player rosters for every NFL pro football team.      Holly Bail Bonds, Inc. Holly Bail Bonds - Redding CA Toll Free: 877 903-3928 License #1844411      Dave Rutledge (_) on Twitter Instantly connect to what's most important to you. Follow your friends, experts, favorite celebrities, and breaking news.      MMA Streamed - Urijah Faber seems to be either extrremely dominant, or extrememly vounrable. Fighting up to Title staus again, he boxed Eddie Wineland (former Champ) up for …      Search Results! - techservicestesting Home Cert No. Unique ID Last Name First Name Employer; S08TLM: 112508TLM: Maxwell: Trenton: Casey Farm Pride      Luke Williams 8/3/2011 · Where News From The Celebs Is Out In The Open Brining you sorces of celeb gossip form the most popular websites on the web.      Racine Obituaries Deaths from Racine, Wisconsin, are listed here. You may search for any obituary simply by typing the first or last name of the deceased in the search box at the upper ...      Thomas Error no database or queryType (phrase) selected ... Error no database or queryType (phrase) selected      Home - Chico Enterprise Record Local and national news. Daily newspaper serving Chico and the greater mid-valley area.      Thomas M., Helen McKee & John P. Ryan Foundation The Ryan Foundation was founded by Helen McKee Ryan and her son, John P. Ryan in 1983. Helen Ryan was the widow of Thomas M. Ryan, a ...      Mr. Thomas M. Ryan Thomas M. Ryan is a well recognized personal injury trial lawyer in Arizona. He has successfully handled complex medical malpractice cases, product design cases ...     Ryan, Thomas M2700 N Central Ave Ste 1400, Phoenix85004PhoenixArizona(602) 285-4400http://www.lawyers.com/treonaguirrelaw/     About TuugoToSPrivacy PolicyFAQMobileTranslate TuugoSite MapBlog0.0659999847412113Copyright 2009 - 2017 Tuugo  


    

Ryan Thomas Dr - Westminster, MD - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MD



Westminster



Veterinary Services, Specialties



Animal Hospital Services, Pets And Other Animal Specialties



                            Ryan Thomas Dr
                                    



 





















R 


Ryan Thomas Dr
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



330 140 VILLAGE RD WESTMINSTER, MD 21157
Get Directions



(410) 876-0244





Business Info



 Founded 2001
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $160,000.00
 Employee Count 4
 Industries Animal Hospital Services, Pets And Other Animal Specialties
 Contacts Ryan Thomas







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2001 the company has been providing Animal Hospital Services, Pets And Other Animal Specialties. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







R

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Ryan Thomas Art | Web Design | Product Photography







Template Title



























 
RYANTHOMAS

WEB DESIGN
PRODUCT PHOTOGRAPHY
FINE ART











 











 Increase sales & reduce costs with affordable pricing.
 High quality, high resolution images.
 Editable Photoshop file always included.
 Provide your customers with accurate 
representations of your products.
 All images are advertisement ready!
 Shot and edited in the USA!
            		Over 3,000 product shots in 2015! 



 Learn More! 





Web Design Services

 High quality scalable web design.
 End user editability.
 High quality cloud hosting and CDNs.
 Extreme reliability & fast service.
 Everything from online portfolios, blogs, 
business CMS, to giant E-commerce sites.
 – you name it we can do it.
 



 Learn More! 






 





 Ryan's Art Gallery 











 


Art
View Ryan's award winning art, get information about recent works and upcoming events.



Product Photography
Increase sales and reduce costs while getting faster, higher quality product photographs.



Web Design
Any-size web design, from personal portfolios to large scale  e-commerce solutions.












 
Ryan Thomas Art & Design is a growing design service firm that provides your company with fast, high quality services. Everything from small design work & product photography to large scale e-commerce solutions. 


Subscribe to our newsletter!









 
















Recent Work













 


 























Ryan Thomas Edward Md in Alton, IL 62002 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Illinois
» Alton
» General Practice
» Ryan Thomas Edward Md













Ryan Thomas Edward Md


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





815 E 5th st Ste 303 303 Ste Alton, Illinois 62002


(618) 462-1955


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Ryan Thomas Edward Md is located at the address 815 E 5th st Ste 303 in Alton, Illinois 62002.  They can be contacted via phone at (618) 462-1955 for pricing, hours and directions.  Ryan Thomas Edward Md specializes in Cancer, Audiology, Double Vision.  Ryan Thomas Edward Md has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .For more information contact Ryan  Thomas, Ryan Thomas Edward Md provides Liposuction, Pain Relief Therapies, Massage Therapies to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Ryan Thomas Edward Md view the map to the right.  For reviews of Ryan Thomas Edward Md see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Goggles
, Designer Eyewear
, Pillows
, Orthotics
, Extended Wear Contacts
, Vitamins & Minerals
, Skin Care Products
, Anti-Aging Products
, Shoe Inserts
, Nutritional Supplements



SERVICES


Massage Therapies
, Well Woman Examinations
, Liposuction
, Disc Decompression
, Partials
, Commercial Services
, Activities
, Rehabilitation
, Gentle Treatments
, Pain Relief Therapies


 SPECIALTIES


Work Related Injuries
, Tendon & Ligament Damage
, Leg Pain
, Rosacea
, Double Vision
, Audiology
, Scars
, Eczema
, Cancer
, Skin Allergies



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (618) 462-1955
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 10 To 19
Exact Employee Count: 15
Exact Sales Volume: 59000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


General Practice
Health Care
Physicians



People Also Viewed


PIEPHOFF JAMES MD


915 E 5th St  Alton, Illinois 62002




PAONE JOSEPH F MD


2 Saint Anthonys Way 305 Ste Alton, Illinois 62002




BARTLEY WM RAY MD


1 Professional Dr Ste 220  Alton, Illinois 62002




Orthopedic & Sports Medicine Clinic


533 E 3rd St  Alton, Illinois 62002




Ragsdale Edward F MD


4429 Friarwood Dr  Alton, Illinois 62002




QUADRI TARIQ MD


1 Professional Dr 220 Ste Alton, Illinois 62002





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Ryan  Thomas

Phone: (618) 462-1955 
 



Mark  Woodson
OWNER
Phone: (618) 462-1955 
 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM

























Ryan, Thomas M. 1953– - Dictionary definition of Ryan, Thomas M. 1953– | Encyclopedia.com: FREE online dictionary
























      Skip to main content
    
















Search












Research categories





Research categories


Earth and Environment


History


Literature and the Arts


Medicine


People


Philosophy and Religion


Places


Plants and Animals


Science and Technology


Social Sciences and the Law


Sports and Everyday Life


Additional References


































Home

					
                      Economics
        						
					
                      News wires white papers and books
        						
					
                      Ryan, Thomas M. 1953–
        						
					
    	























Print this article
Print all entries for this topic
Cite this article



        Tools 


Ryan, Thomas M. 1953–
International Directory of Business Biographies 
COPYRIGHT 2005 Thomson Gale





Thomas M. Ryan1953–
Chairman, president, and chief executive officer, CVS Corporation 
Nationality: American.
Born: 1953.
Education: University of Rhode Island, BS, 1975.
Family: Married Cathy.
Career: CVS Corporation, 1975, pharmacist; 1975–1988, various positions; 1988–1990, senior vice president of pharmacy; 1990–1998, executive vice president of stores; 1998–, president and chief executive officer; 1999–, chairman.
Awards: Honorary doctor of business administration, Johnson & Wales University, 1999; honorary doctorate of humane letters, University of Rhode Island, 1999; Gold Heart Award, American Heart Association, 2002; honorary doctorate of science in pharmacy, University of Rhode Island, 2003; Mass Market Retailer of the Year, Mass Market Retailer, 2003.
Address: CVS Corporation, One CVS Drive, Woonsocket, Rhode Island 02895; http://www.cvs.com.
■ Thomas M. Ryan joined CVS Corporation in 1975 as a pharmacist. He was promoted through progressively more responsible positions and was named vice president of pharmacy operations in 1985. Ryan became senior vice president of pharmacies in 1988 and executive vice president of stores in 1990. He was named president and chief executive officer in 1998 and was elected chairman in 1999. Ryan relinquished his position as president for a short time in 1999 and later resumed the role. He also served as president and chief executive officer of CVS Pharmacy.


CVS, which stands for "consumer value stores," was formerly known as Melville Corporation, and was part of the Melville retail group that also included Linens 'n Things, KB Toys, and Marshall's. CVS was the exclusive online pharmacy for Healtheon/WebMD, an Internet-based company that linked physicians, consumers, and corporations in the health-care industry.
MANAGING CHANGE AND GROWTH
Ryan's main role in leading one of the largest retail pharmacy chains in the United States focused on controlling and managing growth. CVS had grown through acquiring other retail pharmacy chains, including Revco, People's Drug, Arbor, and Big B. The Revco acquisition alone doubled CVS's store count. Meanwhile, the company continued to build new stores. This rapid, exponential growth caused concerns about daily operations at the stores and the need for a unified approach to doing business.
In a relatively short time, CVS became independent from the Melville group, issued public stock, and tripled the number of stores in the chain. In an effort to bring the new stores and larger workforce together under the CVS umbrella, Ryan initiated a store relocation and redesign program. Inline stores were moved to freestanding sites, which helped to provide easier access and often included drive-through pharmacy service. At about the same time, CVS introduced its revolutionary customer loyalty program and created its leading-edge PharmaCare subsidiary. PharmaCare became one of the top 10 pharmacy benefit managers in the United States, at one time handling pharmacy benefits for an estimated 14 million patients. A former pharmacist, Ryan ensured that CVS stores were equipped with the most technologically advanced systems, including automated workflow tools for pharmacists and an automated prescription refill service for customers.
CREATING CUSTOMER-CENTRIC VALUES
Integration was a key theme of Ryan's tenure at CVS. He promoted six values of success throughout the company: respect for the individual, integrity, teamwork, sense of urgency, openness, and a willingness to embrace change. Ryan guided CVS by the benchmarks of convenience, value, and service—another interpretation of the CVS name. By adhering to these standards, Ryan believed that each employee could contribute to making CVS the store of choice for busy consumers.
Ryan focused CVS on becoming the easiest retail pharmacy for shoppers to use. He was involved in every detail, from store layout through merchandising to customer service. Ryan's goal was to provide a shopping experience that supplied necessary items such as prescription and over-the-counter drugs as well as optional items such as magazines, candy, and household goods. Ryan wanted CVS to offer complete pharmacy coverage so that customers could get retail, mail-order, and prescription benefit manager services from a single source.
Ryan created a unified culture throughout CVS by supporting employee development within a learning organization. He promoted open communication to implement his vision and the programs that supported it. The theme of customer service was carried out externally as well as internally. Ryan held regular town hall meetings with employees. Under Ryan's leadership, every employee was empowered to make a difference, and all employees were held responsible for their duties.
POLITICAL ACTION FOR DRUG IMPORTS
Ryan caught national attention when he began to speak out in support of reforms of U.S. drug importation policies. Disagreeing with prevailing attitudes in the retail pharmacy industry, Ryan called for federal policy changes to reduce costs for prescription drug consumers. "We cannot allow millions of our fellow citizens to go without life-sustaining medications due to arbitrary international trade practices. We don't do it for sugar, rice, or corn, we shouldn't do it for life-saving medications," Ryan told Chain Drug Review.
Testifying before the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Drug Importation Task Force, Ryan brought media attention to the growing use of reimportation by consumers using the Internet and international pharmacies. Ryan told Tony Lisanti of Drug Store News, "It is not acceptable to allow this trade to continue in the shadows." Advocating that the most logical solution would be to authorize retail pharmacy distribution of imported drugs, Ryan captured media attention with his blunt comments and simple proposals. He emerged as the leader and spokesman for the retail pharmacy industry.
MANAGEMENT STYLE AND PHILOSOPHY
Ryan's management style was upbeat, enthusiastic, optimistic, and outspoken. He saw a tremendous amount of potential for continued growth of the retail pharmacy industry. Ryan's goal was to make CVS into the preeminent global health-care retailer. Ryan worked to create an environment that emphasized the importance of individual people, praise and rewards for employees, and support for individual initiatives. He achieved an entrepreneurial environment that helped CVS grow from a regional chain into a national presence in the world of retail pharmacies. Of his overall strategy for leading CVS into the future, Ryan told David Pinto of Mass Market Retailer, "Any road will take you somewhere. I had to learn which was the right road for us. Even then, it's one thing to know, another to make it happen. Strategy tells you where you're going, execution gets results."
CHARITABLE AND CIVIC INVOLVEMENT


Over the course of his career, Ryan was associated with a number of professional and civic organizations. He was vice chairman of the National Association of Chain Drug Stores and a member of the boards of directors of Melville Corporation, Bank of America, Citizens Bank of Rhode Island, Fleet-Boston Financial Corporation, Reebok International, Yum! Brands, Ryanair Holdings, TriCon Global Restaurants, the Rhode Island Philharmonic, and the Trinity Repertory Company. He was a member of the Rhode Island Public Expenditures Council and a trustee of the University of Rhode Island and the Brown University School of Medicine.
Ryan created the CVS Charity Golf Classic, which contributed millions of dollars to charities. He made substantial personal donations to educational institutions, particularly the University of Rhode Island. He maintained a vital interest in leading-edge technology in the field of pharmaceuticals. "I believe community pharmacy can play an expanded role in improving the quality and delivery of health care in this country," Ryan said when he provided financial support for the creation of an endowed professorship in community pharmacy. In addition to personal gifts, Ryan funded scholarships and grants for University of Rhode Island students and faculty through the CVS corporate giving program.
See also entry on CVS Corporation in International Directory of Company Histories.
sources for further information
"Gift from CVS Chief Enables URI to Establish Second Endowed Chair in Pharmacy," October 27, 1998, http://www.uri.edu/news/releases/html/98-1027-01.htm.
Lisanti, Tony, "CVS' Ryan Offers Viable Solutions to Importation," Drug Store News, May 17, 2004, p. 16.
Pinto, David, "CVS' Ryan is MMR Retailer of the Year," Mass Market Retailer, January 12, 2004, p. 1–2.
"Ryan Discusses 'Pharmacy in the New Millennium,'" Chain Drug Review, April 27, 1998, p. 272.
"Ryan Looks Ahead, Finds Good Reason for Optimism," Mass Market Retailer, January 12, 2004, p. 16.
"Ryan to Lead CVS to Greater Heights," Mass Market Retailer, June 26, 2000, p. 165.
Walden, Geoff, "Ryan Throws Down Gauntlet on Drug Importation," Chain Drug Review, May 24, 2004, p. 3–4.
—Peggy K. Daniels







Cite this article 

Pick a style below, and copy the text for your bibliography.
            





                        MLA
                    



                        Chicago



                        APA
                    





                        
                        "Ryan, Thomas M. 1953–."
                        
                            International Directory of Business Biographies.
                        .
                        
                        Encyclopedia.com.
                        23 Jul. 2017
                        <http://www.encyclopedia.com>.
                    



                        
                        "Ryan, Thomas M. 1953–." 
                            International Directory of Business Biographies.
                        
                        . Encyclopedia.com.
                        (July 23, 2017). 
                            http://www.encyclopedia.com/economics/news-wires-white-papers-and-books/ryan-thomas-m-1953




                        
                        "Ryan, Thomas M. 1953–." 
                            International Directory of Business Biographies.
                        
                        . Retrieved
                        July 23, 2017
                        from Encyclopedia.com: 
                            http://www.encyclopedia.com/economics/news-wires-white-papers-and-books/ryan-thomas-m-1953







Learn more about citation styles 




Citation styles

									Encyclopedia.com gives you the ability to cite reference entries and articles according to common styles from the Modern Language Association (MLA), The Chicago Manual of Style, and the American Psychological Association (APA).
								

									Within the “Cite this article” tool, pick a style to see how all available information looks when formatted according to that style.  Then, copy and paste the text into your bibliography or works cited list.
								

									Because each style has its own formatting nuances that evolve over time and not all information is available for every reference entry or article, Encyclopedia.com cannot guarantee each citation it generates.  Therefore, it’s best to use Encyclopedia.com citations as a starting point before checking the style against your school or publication’s requirements and the most-recent information available at these sites:
								

Modern Language Association
http://www.mla.org/style
The Chicago Manual of Style
http://www.chicagomanualofstyle.org/tools_citationguide.html
American Psychological Association
http://apastyle.apa.org/

Notes:


										Most online reference entries and articles do not have page numbers.  Therefore, that information is unavailable for most Encyclopedia.com content.  However, the date of retrieval is often important.  Refer to each style’s convention regarding the best way to format page numbers and retrieval dates.
									

										In addition to the MLA, Chicago, and APA styles, your school, university, publication, or institution may have its own requirements for citations.  Therefore, be sure to refer to those guidelines when editing your bibliography or works cited list. 
									





















































































