




Hey RYNO - Classifieds Platform For Your Company























Get Classifieds On Your Website, Free!

Private label branded as your own. Give your users more reasons to spend time on your site and gain revenue at the same time.
Works with Facebook Groups, Websites, Forums, Magazines and Publications







Email address


Request 













Hey RYNO... Help me buy and sell!
Hey RYNO, Help me find a 1974 Chevy Nova!
Hey RYNO, Let me know what my friends are selling!
Hey RYNO, Display only posts that matter to me!
RYNO is the only buying and selling platform built from the ground up with a feed based model in mind. The user's feed is made up of what they are interested in following; friends, items they want to buy, brands they respect, and even locations like their home town.
	                



Clear and easy to read listings








Keep your sites look and feel
Unlimited photos and text to describe the item for sale
 Public Comments
 Private Messages
 Location Maps
 Followers List










Member Dashboard.






Created
Full Name
Email
Location


2 min ago
John Gee
john.gee@gmail.com
Billsville, MA


5 min ago
Arthur Murphy
art-murphy@gmail.com
Buffalo, NY


11 min ago
Jane Doe
jane.doe@gmail.com
Anytown, US


43 mins ago
Johnny Appleseed
apple@gmail.com
San Francisco, CA


1 hour ago
Jim Williams
jimmer@gmail.com
Someplace, US


1 hour ago
Marcus Betts
marc.betts@gmail.com
Boston, MA


Ability to download the complete list of users and collect email addresses
 Export User List







Track Revenue.






Created
Amount
User
Post
Location


2 min ago
$20.00
John Doe
The title of the post
Anytown, US


43 min ago
$7.50
John Doe
The title of the post
Anytown, US


1 hour ago
$10.00
John Doe
The title of the post
Anytown, US











Features.





Dashboard
Complete admin dashboard to view users, posts and track revenue.



Collect Emails
Email address collection platform.



Unique URL
Sites with a lot of traffic can opt-in to have a custom URL





Proven Revenue
History of revenue growth via ad upgrades



Security https
Built on a platform focused on security



RYNO Support
Team RYNO to help answer questions and focus









Partners



1.8M Members
600K Members








RYNO Plans.





Light Traffic
FREE
Starter


yoursite.ryno.co
Custom Admin
50/50 Revenue Split
Download Users
Email Support



Request Info





Heavy Traffic
FREE
** Includes iPhone App


yoursite.ryno.co
Custom Admin
50/50 Revenue Split
Download Users
Direct Support



Request Info



* Paid option available for Light Traffic to gain iPhone app
** Heavy traffic and free app will be determined by the amount users and posts made





yoursite.ryno.co









About.
RYNO is the brainchild of Ryan Maturski, founder of RacingJunk.com, which sold in 2012.
RYNO is the result of five years of planning and dedication to making the most powerful buying and selling tool for racers, and frankly, anyone else who wants to buy or sell.






















Rhino Products, Inc.








Search: 
Contact
Us






"Your
Quality Strap and Bag Company"










Rhino Products,
Inc. is a  manufacturer and distributor of high quality made in USA
straps and bag
products for EMS, Fire & Rescue,  Law Enforcement and Hunting
Sports.



Click on the image for 
product details



MyBag
P010-391


Medic
Bag
P010-389


Complete
Medical
Kit




PPE
Gear Bag


QuickStrap,
Small


PS
Duty Bag
P010-660








3 Piece Takedown
Case P010-030




Strung Bow Case
- P010-040


 New Dual Purpose Split Bow
Case - P010-045








Telephone
Ph         
269-674-8309
TF         
800-383-9843
TF
Fax 866-383-9791






E-mail
General
Information:
info@rhinoproducts.com
Products
Sales: rhinosales@rhinoproducts.com
Products
Support: rhinosales@rhinoproducts.com 
Web
Site Questions:
webmaster@rhinoproducts.com






Address
57100
48th Avenue
Lawrence,
MI 49064
USA






Company Profile:
  Rhino Products
began in 1990 in Lawrence, Michigan by Jim and Susie McGowan. I joined
their company in 1995 as a seamstress and designer and soon became operations
manager.  My husband and I purchased the company in 2012. All of our
products have been conceived in the field by the professionals who must
use them, we took their ideas designed, engineered and constructed them. 
We specialize in custom orders and maintain the goal of providing a high
quality, made in USA product at a reasonable price to our customer. 
Dawn and Steve
Brady



Copyright
2016 Rhino Products Inc. - Designed and Maintained Silverthorn
Enterprize











 









RYNO ZOO, LLC
























RYNO Zoo
Welcome to the zoo... a technology playground












What's at the zoo?
We focus on technology platforms with a deep connection in helping passionate people reach their goals
Ryno Zoo, LLC is built on technology attractions. Built on driving people in to see and to be a part of an experience. We are developing tech that gets people talking, to get them excited and keep them coming back for more! Each platform is developed to live on its own and grow over the years creating a bond with its visitors. We look to capture the attention of all age groups and provide information as we ourselves continue to add new and exciting areas to the Zoo. RYNO classifieds is right at home, ready to begin its life, gain members and we look forward to having you along for the adventure. For more information on our company, visit www.rynozoo.com


RYNOADS

RYNOADS.COM
The most personal way to buy and sell online


RYNOFUND

RYNOFUND.COM
RynoFund makes it easy for friends, family, fans and businesses to help fund your passion










WORK @ THE ZOO.
Fill out the form and we'll be in touch
 SEND RESUME








Contact RYNO ZOO
Feel free to email us to provide some feedback, give us suggestions, or to just say hello!
feedback@rynozoo.com


 Twitter
 Instagram
 facebook






















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version



















RYNO





































 RYNO Classifieds is currently beta, please email us at beta@ryno.co with any questions. RYNO coming to the Apple App Store, May 2017.




 New Post


Where are you posting from?




Bennington, VT  (05201)



Pownal, VT  (05261)



Williamstown, MA  (01267)


 Don't see your location?  Refresh Your Location  Last recorded location: Pownal, VT
  Mobile Photos Tip: Landscape photos with the home button on the right works the best!
Add Photos

Description

Title



Description


Price 

Amount (in dollars)

$



 or best offer


Payment Methods
 Cash
 Bank Check
 Credit Card
 PayPal


Shipping Methods
 Pick Up Only
 Ground
 Air
 Buyer Pays Shipping


Special Instructions







Agree to the terms



Save & Continue








×
 Terms & Conditions


1. Legal Information
1.1. This document is intended to inform you about the Terms and Conditions that regulate the use of the website www.RYNO.com (hereinafter, the "Website") and the Application RYNO (hereinafter, the "Application").
1.2. The owner of both the Website and the Application is RYNO ZOO, LLC (hereinafter "RYNO", "us" or "we"), with registered address at ______. The service is provided by RYNO ZOO, LLC.
1.3. RYNO is a company incorporated under the laws of the United States of America.

				1.4. You can contact us at info@RYNO.co

                2. Object
2.1. These Terms and Conditions govern the use of the Application in which RYNO offers, as social marketplace, a platform to Users willing to buy or sell products, mediating in the sale of these products. The information regarding the treatment of your personal data is located in the "Privacy Policy".

                3. Access and acceptance of the Terms and Conditions
3.1. By entering, executing using, downloading, accessing or using the Application or the Website you will automatically be considered a User (hereinafter the "User" or "you") which requires the full acceptance of each and every provision included in this Terms and Conditions, in the version published by RYNO at the time you access or use the Website or the Application.

                 3.2. If you do not wish to accept the present Terms and Conditions, please, do not use the Services and uninstall the Application from your device.

                 3.3. RYNO reserves the right to modify, at any time and providing notice, this Terms and Conditions, so you are obliged to periodically review this Terms and to comply with the obligations set out in the current version in each moment.

                4. Required Age
4.1. Both the Website and the Application are intended to be used by adults, as defined under any applicable law in each specific case. If you are not an adult, you are not authorized to download the Application, register and create an account with us. If you are a minor, you need the permission of your legal representatives in order to use the Service. In this case, the legal representative is liable for any acts committed by the minor. Please, if you are a minor and you do not have your legal representative?s permission, stop using the Website and uninstall the Application.

                 4.2. You further warrant that you are an adult under the applicable law. In the event that the information you provide in this regard is not truthful, RYNO shall not be liable as it cannot certainty verify the age of the Users. 

                 4.3. RYNO may contact you at any time requiring you to prove your age using a photocopy of an identity card or equivalent. If you deny providing identification, RYNO reserves the right to close your user profile and you will not be able to continue using the service or the Application.

                 4.4. To sell or purchase via the Application any type of product, users are minors under applicable law will need the specific permission of their legal representatives.

                5. Creation of an account
5.1. To use or access to certain functionalities of the Application you need to register, either using your e-mail address or your Facebook account. In case you use a social network mentioned above, you authorize RYNO to access and use certain information depending on the privacy settings that you have selected in the corresponding social network.

                 5.2. You agree to provide accurate, current, and complete Member account information about you as may be prompted by the registration and/or login form on the Application.

                6. Security of the account
By opening an account you accept and assume all liability that may arise in any activity that occurs under your username and password. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password you designate during the registration process. You cannot share it with other people or perform acts that may diminish or undermine the security of your account. If you have knowledge that your password was compromised, you should inform us immediately in order to recover your account.

                7. Installation and running the Application
7.1. RYNO grants you a license for installing and running the Application.

                 7.2. The installation and execution of the Application is free.

                 7.3. You must accept the permissions for installation and execution of the Application. From time to time, RYNO may request the granting of additional permissions to perform certain actions or enjoy certain functionalities. The lack of acceptance of some of the permits necessary for the proper operation of the Application may result in the suspension of the Services or impossibility of using the Application.

                8. Features of the Service
8.1. The service will allow different actions, including:

                 8.1.1. Sharing with the rest of Users of RYNO information, images, photos as well as other data or personal information (the products you are selling, information needed for transactions).

                 8.1.2. Putting products on sale as a seller User and making offers as a buyer User in order to buy or negotiate price products.

                 8.1.3. Interacting with other users of RYNO though a private chat and other ways that may be implemented in the future.

                 8.1.4. Sharing product offers in other platforms or social networks other than RYNO.

                9. Intellectual property rights
9.1. RYNO ZOO, LLC (USA) is the holder of the rights of intellectual and industrial property, or has obtained the necessary authorizations or licenses for its exploitation, associated with the application, the software, its database, the trademarks and any other distinctive signs, the content posted and the rest of works and inventions or content related to the Application and the technology associated with it.

                 9.2. The contents of the Application, including the design, applications, text, images and source code, are protected by intellectual and industrial property rights. 

                 9.3. The contents of this Application, the database of users, the screenshots or the Website may not be used, reproduced, broadcasted, copied, processed or transmitted in any form without the prior permission in writing of RYNO.

                 9.4. RYNO assumes no responsibility for the intellectual or industrial property rights of the content that seller Users include in the offerings of its products.

                10. Waiver of responsibility
10.1. RYNO is a platform that brings together buyers and sellers of second-hand products. RYNO is not the owner and has no control of the items for sale or sold through its platform, unless otherwise stated, and is not a party to the transaction of the sale carried out exclusively between buyers and sellers and does not review the products that Users provide though the Application. As a consequence, RYNO shall not be responsible, either directly or indirectly, for any disagreement between the parties.

                 10.2. All information of the products published on the Application or the Website has been built and published by the USER which is selling the product. Consequently, RYNO cannot guarantee the quality of the same, as well as the veracity of the images and/or descriptions published by the seller Users. 

                 10.3. Any claim or dispute that may arise between Users of the Service shall be settled by them, committing themselves to hold RYNO harmless.

                 10.4. RYNO service is limited to employ the utmost diligence to ensure the proper technical functioning of the platform.

                 10.5. RYNO shall in no case be responsible for the content operation and/or data protection or other terms referred to in other web sites or applications that may be accessed by the inclusion of a link on the Service, or the content, services or products offered on the same, unless such sites are owned by RYNO. The hyperlinks contained in the Website or in the Application may lead to third party web sites. RYNO may incorporate them to facilitate the navigation of the User, assuming no responsibility for the content, information or services that may appear on those sites, which will be exclusively informative and in no case imply any relationship between the third party and RYNO. 

                 10.6. RYNO develops maximum diligence in the implementation of security measures, however assumes no responsibility or liability whatsoever with regard to the custody and proper use of the passwords for access to the WEB SITE, which will be the sole responsibility of the User.

                11. Warranty of products second-hand products
11.1. RYNO does not assume any responsibility nor warrants the products sold by using the RYNO Application The transaction takes places and is decided exclusively between the buyer and seller, and RYNO only provides the use of the application.

                12. Exclusion of liability
12.1. User access to the Website or Application does not imply for RYNO the obligation to monitor the absence of viruses, worms, or any other harmful technical element. It is you, in any case, the sole responsible for making available the adequate tools for the detection of harmful computer programs.

                 12.2. RYNO is not responsible for any damages incurred in the software and computers of users or third parties during the use of the services offered on the Website or the Application.

                 12.3. RYNO shall not be liable for damages of any kind that you are caused to bring cause of faults or disconnections in telecommunication networks that produce the suspension, cancellation or interruption of service of the Website or the Application.

                13. Prohibited items
13.1. RYNO prohibits the listing or sale of any items that are illegal under any applicable law, statute, ordinance or regulation at a local, state, provincial, national or international level.

                 13.2. Some examples of items that are not allowed:
                
Photos that do not show the item clearly.
Internet photos, i.e. you have not taken the picture yourself.
Item infringes trademarks, copyrights or any other IP rights of third parties.
Item is perishable (food etc.) or live animals.
Advertisements.
Photo or text containing a reference to another website, app or merchant.
Items that are defective or of poor quality.
An item listed as "free" but is not intended to be given away.
There is no realistic price set for the item.
Duplicated listings
Other items that are specifically prohibited include:
Alcoholic Beverages
Blood, Bodily Fluids and Body Parts
Burglary Tools
Controlled chemical substances (such as cadmium, mercury, acids)
Counterfeit currency, stamps or coins
Counterfeit Products
Databases containing personal data
Electronic Surveillance Equipment
Embargoed Goods
Government, official and Transit Uniforms, IDs and Licenses
Illegal Drugs and Drug Paraphernalia
All types of illegal services and products
Hacking tools
Hazardous Materials
Fireworks, Destructive Devices and Explosives
Identity Documents, Personal Financial Records and Personal Information (in any form, including mailing lists).
Items received through Government assistance
Items which encourage or facilitate illegal activity
Lottery Tickets, Sweepstakes Entries and Slot Machines
Obscene Material and all types of Pornography
All type of offensive material
Pesticides
Pictures or images that contain frontal nudity
Police and Other Security Forces Badges and Uniforms
Prescription Drugs, medicines, supplements and Devices
Recalled items
Sexually suggestive clothing including but not limited to underwear, lingerie, bathing suits and erotic costumes
Stocks and Other Securities
Stolen Property
Tobacco Products (including vapes and e cigarettes)
Used Cosmetics
Weapons and related items (such as firearms, firearm parts and magazines, ammunition, BB and pellet guns, tear gas, stun guns, switchblade knives, and martial arts weapons).
In addition, RYNO reserves the right to remove any listings that we consider inappropriate or unfit for posting. Our policies are often based on applicable laws and regulations, although in some cases, we may make listing decisions based on input from our users and our own discretion, especially for dangerous or sensitive items.

14. Rules of Use
14.1. You agree to use the Website and the Application and its contents and services in accordance with the law, the morality, and the public order and in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. You are also obliged to make a proper use of the services and/or contents and to not use them to conduct illegal activities or constitute criminal offenses that violate the rights of third parties and/or violate the regulation on intellectual and industrial property, and any other rules of the applicable legal provisions.

                 14.2. You are solely responsible for the interaction you establish with other Users of the Service and for all Content that you upload, post or transmit through the Website or Application. You also guarantee that you are not infringing any third party right by the content uploaded.

                 14.3. In addition, you agree and acknowledge that RYNO in no case will be held liable for the conduct of other Users. 

                 14.4. RYNO prohibits the use of automated software and Posting Agents, directly or indirectly, without the express written permission of RYNO. In addition, Posting Agents are not permitted to post Content on behalf of others, directly or indirectly, or otherwise access the Service to in order to post content on behalf of others, except with express written permission or license from RYNO. As used herein, the term "Posting Agent" refers to a third-party agent, service, or intermediary that offers to post Content to the Service on behalf of others

                 14.5. You agree not to transmit, enter, disseminate and make available to third parties any type of material and information (data, content, messages, drawings, sound files and image, photos, software, etc.) that are contrary to the law, morality, public order and these Terms and Conditions. You agree NOT to:

                 I. Enter or disseminate content or propaganda which may be considered racist, xenophobic, pornographic or contrary to the human rights.

                 II. Enter or disseminate in the network data programs (viruses and malicious software) that might cause damage to the computer systems of the access provider, its suppliers or third party users of the Internet.

                 III. Disseminate, transmit or make available to third parties any information, element or content that violates the fundamental rights and civil liberties recognized in international treaties.

                 IV. Disseminate, transmit or make available to third parties any information, element or content that constitutes unlawful or unfair advertising.

                 V. Enter or disseminate any information and content false, inaccurate or ambiguous in a manner which is misleading in the recipients of the information.

                 VI. Disseminate, transmit or make available to third parties any information, element or content involving a violation of the intellectual and industrial property rights, patents, trademarks or copyright that correspond to RYNO or to third parties.

                 VII. Crawl, scrape, collect, store or access the database of RYNO or collect all or part of the database of ads and users of RYNO.

                 14.6. You agree to hold RYNO harmless of any possible claim, fine, penalty or punishment that can come to bear as a result from your breach of any of the rules stated in this document, reserving RYNO the right to request compensation for damages.

                 14.7. RYNO develops maximum diligence in the control of the data and other content to be displayed in the Website and in the Application. If in spite of this you identify an error or incompleteness, we kindly ask you to notify us at the email address info@ RYNO.co. RYNO will reply as soon as possible. 

                15. Notice and take down
If you believe your copyright-protected work was posted on RYNO without authorization, you may submit a copyright infringement notification. These requests should only be submitted by the copyright owner or an agent authorized to act on the owner?s behalf. The fastest and easiest way to notify RYNO of alleged copyright infringement is via our email: info@RYNO.co.

                 DMCA Notice

                 You may submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) by providing our Copyright Agent with the following information in writing (see 17 U.S.C 512(c)(3) for further details):

                 An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright?s interests
A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, including the URL (i.e., web page address or item number) of the location where the copyrighted work exists or a copy of the copyrighted work
Identification of the URL or other specific location on the Service where the material that you claim is infringing is located
Your address, telephone number, and email address
A statement that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner?s behalf.
16. Nullity and inefficiency of the clauses

                 If any clause included in the present Terms is declared total or partially void or inefficient, it will only affect that provision or the part of the same which is considered to be void or ineffective, surviving the present Terms and Conditions in everything else, considering such a provision wholly or partly not included.

                16. Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the legislation of the United States of America. You and RYNO agree to submit any dispute that might arise in the delivery of the products or services subject to these Terms and Conditions, to the Courts of New York, United States of America or to the applicable jurisdiction in case of contracting with consumers.

                
                
                


	                	© 2017 Ryno Zoo, LLC
                	



Close









×
 Your Location






Close

















Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017





















Ryno -     Information on RYNO Classifieds


























 RYNO Classifieds is currently beta, please email us at beta@ryno.co with any questions


"Hey RYNO, Help me buy and sell anything!"


The RYNO Mission
Our mission at RYNO is to create the ultimate platform for buying and selling. To make online communication as easy as having a conversation with a friend. Our goal is to eliminate categories, geographical boundaries and the need to search over and over for all the items you are looking for. Follow family and friends and see what they are selling. Follow your hometown to stay on top of whats being sold in your area. Just like facebook when you follow all the people that matter to you, build your feed on RYNO of items you're looking for, the people that matter to you and locations you visit the most. Search, follow, repeat!

          RYNO is focused on what matters to you! We are building a smart, intuitive and secure platform for buying and selling online. The passion of this company and the sole mission is to create the ultimate way people find and sell items everyday!
          Ryan Maturski President & CEO

Check out the information below to learn a little bit more about RYNO and how the website works. Explore the navigation, the following features and what the Trust Score means. If you have any questions please let us know with the contact form. Thank you!


Get the iPhone App 

iPhone App coming soon

Social Links 




Site Links

 Terms






 The Navigation



SPOTLIGHT
This is the area where you will find all spotlighted posts. Any user can spotlight their item for sale to have it appear in this section by selecting this option during the posting process. You can also go back and select this option at any time by going to your account and editing the post you'd like to spotlight 



MY FEED (Account Required)
This section is where you will see items for sale based on the searches, locations, people and companies you follow. The most recent posts will appear at the top of your feed.



SEARCH
Items or people you search for will appear in the search section. You can search by item name, the brand of the item, or the person who posted it. 



LOCAL POSTS (Location Required)
This area is where will you find what is for sale in your area. Items at the top will be closer to you than the items below it. 



NEW POST (Account Required)
Click this icon when you are ready to post an item for sale. You will have the opportunity to add it to the Spotlight section at the end of the posting process.



MY ACCOUNT (Account Required)
This is where you can you update your personal information and edit any current posts you've uploaded.




 HISTORY
Ryan Maturski started his passion to build a motorsports classified web site back in 1998 when RacingJunk.com was founded. RacingJunk grew one of the most powerful online resources for Motorsport enthusiasts to buy and sell race cars, parts, trailers and everything in between. After 14 years, 700 thousand members and great experience of growth the company sold ending a successful climb in the industry. 
Ryan spent years after the sale engineering ways to make the classifieds better. Asking the following questions: Can classifieds work like a conversation? What if Craigslist and Instagram joined forces? Can it remember why you are there and what you are looking for? Can categories be eliminated all together, like using Google, simply search or post an item for sale!
5 Years later, locked away from the classified space, we are introducing RYNO! The first steps in answering the questions above and driving toward the creation of the ultimate place to buy and sell online.




Following



Searched items
RYNO makes it easy to follow any item you are eager to buy, even if it hasn't been posted yet! Type in what you are looking to buy and if it is available for sale it will appear. If no one has posted one for sale yet, don't worry, you'll see it in your feed when someone does add one for sale.



Locations
Follow places where you are interested in seeing what might be posted for sale. Follow places where you know people or where you think your items are more likely to appear. You can see what's for sale near you by clicking the Local Posts icon, but if you are traveling, follow your hometown.



People and Companies
RYNO makes it easy to follow your friends, family, brands you trust, or people with whom you share a hobby or interest. If you want to create a small network of trusted buyers and sellers, this will also work for you.



 Trust


  


TRUST & Trust Score

When you're buying something from a good friend, you trust that when you hand over payment that they will give you the item for sale. RYNO uses this as way for individuals to mark people they trust as 'trusted'. The more positive interactions you have will likely result in this score going up.
You know Bob, right? You've know him for a long time and if some approached you saying they were going to buy something from Bob, would you say you trust him? Now this doesn't mean the item he's selling is perfect! The trust in this case just means that you personally know Bob and trust he's a good person and not someone trying to pull a fast one on someone
If someone you knew was selling something, would you steer clear? not say anything as you aren't sure or do you know this person well enough to say you trust this person and feel he's just trying to do an honest deal
Trust Score If you see a member with a TRUST 43 - This only means that there are 43 other members of RYNO that know and have marked that they trust this member. Each Trust Score is clickable where you can see each individual that makes up that number. This way, if you see someone you know you'll have a better connection in knowing you're dealing with someone close to your own circle of trust and have the ability to ask questions about the seller



 Location Issues


        


Location not working?
 Chrome Browser (Computer)

At the top right, click More  and then Settings.
At the bottom, click Show advanced settings.
In the "Privacy" section, click Content settings.
Find the "Location" section.
Choose the option you want as your default setting.

Click here for more Chrome support - https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/142065?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=en&oco=0

 Safari Browser (Computer)
Enabling Location Services

Follow these steps to enable location services in OS X Mountain Lion or later
Choose System Preferences from the Apple () menu.
Click the Security & Privacy icon in the System Preferences window.
Click the Privacy tab.
If the padlock icon in the lower left is locked (), click it and enter an admin name and password to unlock it ().
Select Location Services.
Check the "Enable Location Services" checkbox.

Click here for more Safari support - https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT204690





      © 2017 Ryno Zoo, LLC
    







Dillydoo goes to the Zoo by Maggi Ryno (eBook) - Lulu




















































































                                        All
                                    

                                        Bookstore
                                    

                                        Knowledge Base
                                    

















Shop






                    Dillydoo goes to the Zoo
                


By Maggi Ryno 





                                                                                                                                                                                eBook (PDF), 6 Pages
                    









                                    This item has not been rated yet                            





Preview





Price:

                                                    $3.75
                                                                            




This book is about a little boy that goes to the zoo for the first time.






                        Available in PDF Format                    


                            How can I use this format?                        




Add to Cart










Embed










Ratings & Reviews |
                    Product Details
                        |
                    
                        Ebook Formats                    








Ratings & Reviews
Log in to review this item





Log in to rate this item











You must be logged in to post a review.
                Please log in


There are no reviews for the current version of this product

Refreshing...





> Find Reviews for Previous Versions



There are no reviews for previous versions of this product


Refreshing...



To report this review as inappropriate, please complete this short form.



Email Address *




First Name



Last Name



Additional Comments




Report





Product Details

Copyright
        Maggi Ryno (Standard Copyright License)    
Publisher
Maggi Ryno
Published
    September 29, 2011

Language
English
Pages
6
File Format
PDF
File Size
472.14 KB


Formats for this Ebook





                        PDF
                    





                        Required Software                    
Any PDF Reader, Apple Preview



                        Supported Devices                    
Windows PC/PocketPC, Mac OS, Linux OS, Apple iPhone/iPod Touch... (See More)



                        # of Devices                    

                                                                        Unlimited                    



                        Flowing Text / Pages                    
Pages



                        Printable?                    

                                                    Yes                                            









Buy in this Format






                            Learn more about ebook formats and e-readers                        




Report This Content to Lulu >











Moderation of Questionable Content
Thank you for your interest in helping us moderate questionable content on Lulu. If you need assistance with an order or the publishing process, please contact our support team directly.
How does this content violate the Lulu Membership Agreement?


Selection
Privacy Violation and/or Defamation
Infringes my Trademark
Infringes my Copyright
Not Fit for General Access
Infringes a Well-Known Work
Violates the Membership Agreement in another way




Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice Form
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") is a United States copyright law that provides guidelines for online service providers in case of copyright infringement. Below is the information that should be present in these notices. It is designed to make submitting notices of alleged infringement to us as straightforward as possible while reducing the number of notices that we receive that are fraudulent or difficult to understand or verify. The form of notice specified below is consistent with the DMCA, which can be found at the U.S. Copyright Office website, http://www.copyright.gov.
To file a notice of infringement with us, you must provide us with the items specified below. Please note that you will be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) if you materially misrepresent that the material is infringing your copyright. Accordingly, if you are not sure whether material infringes your copyright, we suggest that you first contact an attorney.
This notice and any attachments we receive will be forwarded to the alleged infringer, who will then have the opportunity to file a counter notification pursuant to Sections 512(g)(2) and (3) of the DMCA. Should a properly filed counter notification be filed, you will be notified and have 10 business days within which to file for a restraining order in Federal Court to prevent the reinstatement of the material.
* Denotes a required field. All required fields must be filled out for us to be able to process your form.



From our Membership Agreement
"Lulu is a place where people of all ages, backgrounds, experience, and professions can publish, sell, or buy creative content such as novels, memoirs, poetry, cookbooks, technical manuals, articles, photography books, children's books, calendars, and a host of other content that defies easy categorization. We help people distribute information and art spanning a wide range of subject matter while providing a safe, friendly, respectful, and serious site for all content creators. Since our community serves a broad range of ages, we do not encourage content that could make a majority of our users uncomfortable."
If you are sure that this product is in violation of acceptable content as defined in the agreement or that it does not meet our guidelines for General Access, please fill out the form below. It will then be reviewed by Lulu Staff to determine the next course of action.



First Name *

First Name is required.


Last Name *

Last Name is required.


Title



Organization



Address 

Address is required.


Country *

Country is required.


Email Address *

Email Address is required.
Email Address is invalid.


Phone Number 



Description *

Description is required.


Your Copyrighted Work *
Identify in sufficient detail the copyrighted work that you believe has been infringed upon (for example, "The copyrighted work at issue is the image that appears on http://www.lulu.com/####") or other information sufficient to specify the copyrighted work being infringed.

required field


Location of Infringing Material
Identify each web page that allegedly contains infringing material. This requires you to provide the URL for each allegedly infringing result, document or item.
http://www.lulu.com/shop/maggi-ryno/dillydoo-goes-to-the-zoo/ebook/product-17418708.html


Sworn Statements
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above as allegedly infringing is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.

Please check to confirm *
required field


I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Please check to confirm                                *
required field


Signature
Date (MM/DD/YYYY) *

Date (MM/DD/YYYY) is required.


Signature *

Signature is required.
(Your digital signature is as legally binding as a physical signature. If you use a digital signature, your signature must exactly match the First and Last names that you specified earlier in this form)

This form does not constitute legal advice and nothing that you read or are provided on this web site should be used as a substitute for the advice of competent legal counsel.



I wish to be contacted with the results of the investigation.


* required field


Submit






Lulu abides by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), which governs how we are to treat claims of copyright infringement. If someone believes in good faith that a Lulu Account Holder has infringed their copyright, they can request that we take down the infringing material by filing a DMCA Notice. To file a DMCA Notice with Lulu, click on the button "Continue".
We reserve the right to ignore a Notice that is not in compliance with the DMCA. When a clear and valid Notice is received pursuant to the guidelines, we will respond by either taking down the allegedly infringing content or blocking access to it, and we may also contact you for more information.
If you are not the copyright holder or its agent and if the content is clearly infringing the copyright of a well-known work, please select "Infringes a well-known work" from the dropdown menu.


Continue





Your notification has been sent
Lulu Staff has been notified of a possible violation of the terms of our Membership Agreement. Our agents will determine if the content reported is inappropriate or not based on the guidelines provided and will then take action where needed.
Thank you for notifying us. We will email you with the results and/or actions taken as a result of the investigation if you chose to receive confirmation.


OK




We were unable to complete your request.
We were unable to complete your request.


OK






Keywords

Childrens book,                zoo,                animals,                zebras,                monkeys,                elephants 
Listed In

 Teens,
    
 Children


















Age Verification
The page you are attempting to access contains content that is not intended for underage readers.


Please verify your birth date to continue.



Month
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December


Day
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31


Year
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924
1923
1922
1921
1920
1919
1918


























Welcome to Lulu!
        We notice you are using a browser version that we do not support. For you to have the best experience on Lulu.com, we recommend using the current versions of Firefox, Chrome, Safari, or upgrading to Internet Explorer 9 		(or higher).
        Ok




