










Saba Capital Management, L.P. Buys Clough Global Opportunities Fund, General American ... - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Saba Capital Management, L.P. Buys Clough Global Opportunities Fund, General American ...


May 17, 2017, 04:38:04 PM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


Saba Capital Management, L.P.New Purchases: JCP , AAL , EXXI , CNX, SVU, AVP, MBI, RAD, HYT, BOE,Added Positions:GLO, GAM, AOD, VRX, HTZ, GLQ, THC, GNW, CYH, GLV,Reduced Positions:AGN, FTF, MCR, EDD, MMT, CIF, HYG, THS, MTG, HIO,Sold Out:PPT, TSLA, BGX, DSL, EVG,For the details of Saba Capital Management, L.P.'s stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=Saba+Capital+Management%2C+L.P.These are the top 5 holdings of Saba Capital Management, L.P.Wells Fargo Multi-Sector Income Fund ( ERC ) - 6,150,514 shares, 9.33% of the total portfolio.First Trust High Income Long/Short Fund ( FSD ) - 4,608,568 shares, 8.73% of the total portfolio.American Airlines Group Inc ( AAL ) - 1,750,000 shares, 8.42% of the total portfolio.Clough Global Opportunities Fund ( GLO ) - 5,454,549 shares, 6.39% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 186.35%Alpine Total Dynamic Dividend Fund ( AOD ) - 5,567,362 shares, 5.23% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 52.25%New Purchase: JC Penney Co Inc (JCP)Saba Capital Management, L.P. initiated holdings in JC Penney Co Inc. The purchase prices were between $5.5 and $8.47, with an estimated average price of $6.61. The stock is now traded at around $4.65. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.99%. The holdings were 1,409,000 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: American Airlines Group Inc ( AAL )Saba Capital Management, L.P. initiated holdings in American Airlines Group Inc. The purchase prices were between $40.35 and $49.59, with an estimated average price of $45.24. The stock is now traded at around $45.21. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.97%. The holdings were 201,408 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: Energy XXI Gulf Coast Inc (EXXI)Saba Capital Management, L.P. initiated holdings in Energy XXI Gulf Coast Inc. The purchase prices were between $24 and $32.5, with an estimated average price of $29.44. The stock is now traded at around $26.92. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.89%. The holdings were 260,601 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: Consol Energy Inc (CNX)Saba Capital Management, L.P. initiated holdings in Consol Energy Inc. The purchase prices were between $14.92 and $19.54, with an estimated average price of $16.96. The stock is now traded at around $15.76. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.41%. The holdings were 215,164 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: SUPERVALU Inc (SVU)Saba Capital Management, L.P. initiated holdings in SUPERVALU Inc. The purchase prices were between $3.26 and $4.91, with an estimated average price of $3.9. The stock is now traded at around $3.75. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.37%. The holdings were 848,860 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: Avon Products Inc (AVP)Saba Capital Management, L.P. initiated holdings in Avon Products Inc. The purchase prices were between $4.21 and $5.93, with an estimated average price of $4.99. The stock is now traded at around $3.66. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.35%. The holdings were 694,224 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Clough Global Opportunities Fund ( GLO )Saba Capital Management, L.P. added to the holdings in Clough Global Opportunities Fund by 186.35%. The purchase prices were between $8.89 and $10.29, with an estimated average price of $9.76. The stock is now traded at around $10.37. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 4.16%. The holdings were 5,454,549 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: General American Investors Inc. (GAM)Saba Capital Management, L.P. added to the holdings in General American Investors Inc. by 358.52%. The purchase prices were between $31.12 and $33.85, with an estimated average price of $32.83. The stock is now traded at around $33.61. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 3.52%. The holdings were 1,180,791 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Alpine Total Dynamic Dividend Fund ( AOD )Saba Capital Management, L.P. added to the holdings in Alpine Total Dynamic Dividend Fund by 52.25%. The purchase prices were between $7.58 and $8.32, with an estimated average price of $8.07. The stock is now traded at around $8.53. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.79%. The holdings were 5,567,362 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc (VRX)Saba Capital Management, L.P. added to the holdings in Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc by 132.38%. The purchase prices were between $10.64 and $16.86, with an estimated average price of $13.76. The stock is now traded at around $13.15. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.66%. The holdings were 2,315,900 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Hertz Global Holdings Inc (HTZ)Saba Capital Management, L.P. added to the holdings in Hertz Global Holdings Inc by 446.79%. The purchase prices were between $17.25 and $23.63, with an estimated average price of $20.88. The stock is now traded at around $10.06. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.82%. The holdings were 501,433 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Clough Global Equity Fund (GLQ)Saba Capital Management, L.P. added to the holdings in Clough Global Equity Fund by 26.18%. The purchase prices were between $11.15 and $12.64, with an estimated average price of $11.88. The stock is now traded at around $12.55. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.74%. The holdings were 2,473,734 shares as of 2017-03-31.Sold Out: Putnam Premier Income Trust (PPT)Saba Capital Management, L.P. sold out the holdings in Putnam Premier Income Trust. The sale prices were between $4.93 and $5.36, with an estimated average price of $5.21.Sold Out: Tesla Inc (TSLA)Saba Capital Management, L.P. sold out the holdings in Tesla Inc. The sale prices were between $216.99 and $280.98, with an estimated average price of $253.78.Sold Out: Blackstone GSO Long Short Credit Income Fund (BGX)Saba Capital Management, L.P. sold out the holdings in Blackstone GSO Long Short Credit Income Fund. The sale prices were between $15.69 and $16.44, with an estimated average price of $16.15.Sold Out: DoubleLine Income Solutions Fund (DSL)Saba Capital Management, L.P. sold out the holdings in DoubleLine Income Solutions Fund. The sale prices were between $19 and $20.42, with an estimated average price of $19.78.Sold Out: Eaton Vance Short Diversified Income Fund Duration (EVG)Saba Capital Management, L.P. sold out the holdings in Eaton Vance Short Diversified Income Fund Duration. The sale prices were between $13.76 and $14.15, with an estimated average price of $13.94.Warning! GuruFocus has detected 2 Warning Signs with GLO. Click here to check it out.High Yield Dividend Stocks in Gurus' PortfolioTop dividend stocks of Warren BuffettTop dividend stocks of George SorosPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        ERC
                                    
, 

                                        FSD
                                    
, 

                                        AAL
                                    
, 

                                        GLO
                                    
, 

                                        AOD
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




Warren Buffett: I could make you 50% a year on $1 million
A Strategy Ben Graham Used for 30 Years
Are CEOs Buying?














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







Midday Update: Amazon's Q2 Results Spook Investors


						7/28/2017 12:58 PM
					



European Equity Benchmarks Close Lower; Spanish Economy Returns to Pre-Crisis Form


						7/28/2017 12:51 PM
					



Here's Why NuVasive Is Tanking Today


						7/28/2017 12:49 PM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





ERC








0%



Rate It





FSD








100%



Rate It





AAL








94%



Rate It





GLO








0%



Rate It





AOD








50%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX










































Saba Capital Management, L.P.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 1:29 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Saba Capital Management, L.P.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Saba Capital Management, L.P. is an employee owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm primarily provides its services to pooled investment vehicles. It invests in public equity markets across the globe and fixed income markets of the United States. The firm employs fundamental analysis to make its portfolio. It conducts in-house research to make its investments. Saba Capital Management, L.P. was founded in 2009, and is based in New York City.


405 Lexington Avenue58th FloorNew York, NY 10174United StatesFounded in 2009



Phone: 212-542-3610








Key Executives for Saba Capital Management, L.P.




Mr. Boaz Ronald Weinstein


      	Founder, Partner, and Chief Investment Officer 
      








Mr. Cameron Hillyer CFA


      	Partner and Chief Financial Officer
      








Mr. Kenneth John Weiller


      	Chief Operating Officer, Chief Risk Officer, and Partner
      








Mr. Michael D’Angelo


      	Chief Compliance Officer and General Counsel
      








Mr. Paul Anthony Andiorio 


      	Partner and Portfolio Manager 
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Saba Capital Management, L.P. Key Developments

Saba Capital Management, L.P. Presents at Capital Link's 16th Annual Closed-Ends Funds & Global ETFs Forum, Apr-27-2017 09:00 AM
Apr 4 17
Saba Capital Management, L.P. Presents at Capital Link's 16th Annual Closed-Ends Funds & Global ETFs Forum, Apr-27-2017 09:00 AM. Venue: The Metropolitan Club, New York, New York, United States. Speakers: Boaz Ronald Weinstein, Founder, Partner, and Chief Investment Officer.


Saba Capital Management, L.P. Presents at The 2017 Spring ETP Forum, Apr-07-2017 02:00 PM
Apr 4 17
Saba Capital Management, L.P. Presents at The 2017 Spring ETP Forum, Apr-07-2017 02:00 PM. Venue: New York Athletic Club, 180 Central Park S, New York, NY 10019, United States. Speakers: Paul Kazarian, Portfolio Manager.


Saba Capital Management Launches an ETF Focused on Closed-End Funds, Including a Rates Hedge
Mar 21 17
Saba launched CEFS, an actively managed ETF that seeks to generate high income by investing in closed-end funds trading at a discount to net asset value ("NAV") and hedging the ETF's risk to rising interest rates. This is Saba's first ETF; Saba is a well-known alternative investment products firm. The ETF offers access to Saba Capital's portfolio managers who have years of experience trading and hedging closed-end funds. Saba Capital's investment process includes proprietary models that dynamically rank closed-end funds across a variety of factors, including yield, discount to NAV and quality of underlying securities. In addition, CEFS seeks to outperform index-based closed-end fund products by actively trading the portfolio in an attempt to capture the widening and narrowing of discounts to net asset value.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Saba Capital Management, L.P., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























	SABA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P. Trademark of Saba Capital Management, L.P.. Serial Number: 85272696 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
SABA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P.










 
Get FREE email alerts













SABA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P.  Trademark Information
 Saba Capital Management, L.P.
Financial services, namely, asset management services, investment management services and investment advisory services, all rendered in connection with hedge funds




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
financial   services         asset   management   services      investment   management   services   investment   advisory   services      rendered   connection   hedge   funds    
                                    




This is a brand page for the SABA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P. trademark by Saba Capital Management, L.P. 
                                in New York, NY, 10174.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this SABA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P. trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Saba Capital Management, L.P. of the SABA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P. trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the SABA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P. trademark.
                           






On Monday, March 21, 2011,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        SABA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P. by 
                        Saba Capital Management, L.P., New York, NY  10174.
                        The USPTO has given the SABA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P. 
                        trademark serial  number of  85272696.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for SABA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P. is 
                        
                        
                                            SCOTT KAREFF of 
                                            SCHULTE ROTH & ZABEL LLP,  919 3RD AVE, FL 22 NEW YORK, NY 10022-3905
                                .
                            The SABA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P. trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for SABA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P. 
                            is Financial services, namely, asset management services, investment management services and investment advisory services, all rendered in connection with hedge funds. 
                            





Word mark:
 SABA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P.


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

11/15/2011

Estimated Renewal Deadline: November 15, 2017See Trademark Renewal Services




  Serial Number:  
85272696


  Filing Date:  
3/21/2011


 Registration Number:  
4055727 


 Registration Date:  
11/15/2011


 Goods and Services: 
Financial services, namely, asset management services, investment management services and investment advisory services, all rendered in connection with hedge funds


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
8/30/2011


Last Applicant/Owner:

Saba Capital Management, L.P.New York, NY  10174
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P.")


 Correspondent:


SCOTT KAREFF
SCHULTE ROTH & ZABEL LLP
919 3RD AVE
FL 22
NEW YORK, NY 10022-3905





 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
8/3/2009


First Use In Commerce: 
8/3/2009





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your SABA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P. trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

11/15/2011
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



SCOTT KAREFF


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of SABA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P. trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search sabacapitalmanagemen on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for SABA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P. 




SABA CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, L.P. is providing Financial services, namely, asset management services, investment management services and investment advisory services, all rendered in connection with hedge funds.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 







































 



 Saba Capital Management, L.P. (’Saba’) Launches an ETF Focused on Closed-End Funds, Including a 
         










    










 













 











 



















Saba Capital Management, L.P. ("Saba") Launches an ETF Focused on Closed-End Funds, Including a Rates Hedge
        																																
              











 News provided by
Saba Capital Management, L.P.  
Mar 21, 2017, 09:00 ET









 Share this article




























































NEW YORK, March 21, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Saba (Bats: CEFS) launches CEFS, an actively managed ETF that seeks to generate high income by investing in closed-end funds trading at a discount to net asset value ("NAV") and hedging the ETF's risk to rising interest rates.  This is Saba's first ETF; Saba is a well-known alternative investment products firm.








Closed-end funds are listed investment vehicles that trade at a premium or discount to NAV as a result of market technicals and sentiment.  Saba specializes in fixed income and equity closed-end funds trading at a discount to NAV, given they typically offer higher yield and return potential than the underlying securities.  A small portion of that excess return is utilized to finance the portfolio's interest rate hedge.
"Many closed-end funds are trading at an attractive discount to their net asset value," said Boaz Weinstein, Founder and Chief Investment Officer at Saba.  "In an environment where investors are searching for yield, we believe closed-end funds offer high income and a margin of safety due to the discount." 
The ETF offers access to Saba Capital's portfolio managers who have years of experience trading and hedging closed-end funds.  Saba Capital's investment process includes proprietary models that dynamically rank closed-end funds across a variety of factors, including yield, discount to NAV and quality of underlying securities.  In addition, CEFS seeks to outperform index-based closed-end fund products by actively trading the portfolio in an attempt to capture the widening and narrowing of discounts to net asset value. 
About Saba Capital Management, L.P.Saba is an Investment Adviser founded in 2009.  The firm manages over $1.6bn across three primary strategies: Closed-End Funds, Credit Relative Value and Tail Hedge.  Saba's investors are predominately institutions and include corporate pensions, public pensions, foundations, endowments, fund of funds and family offices.  The heritage of the firm dates back to 1998 at Deutsche Bank where Saba's CIO, Boaz Weinstein, founded one of the largest proprietary trading groups on Wall Street, known as Saba Principal Strategies.  The senior members of Saba Principal Strategies spun off together to begin Saba Capital.  The firm is headquartered in the historic Chrysler Building in New York with an investment office in London. www.sabacapital.com.
Carefully consider the Fund's investment objectives, risk factors, charges and expenses before investing. This and additional information can be found in the Fund's prospectus, which may be obtained by calling (212) 542-4644 or visiting www.sabaetf.com. Read the prospectus carefully before investing. 
Distributed by Foreside Fund Services, LLC
Net Asset Value is the per share value of a fund, found by subtracting the fund's liabilities from its assets and dividing by the number of shares outstanding.
Investing involves risk, including possible loss of principal. Investments in foreign securities may involve risks such as social and political instability, market illiquidity, exchange-rate fluctuations, a high level of volatility and limited regulation. Because the Fund is a "fund of funds," its investment performance largely depends on the investment performance of the Underlying Funds in which it invests, and the Fund is subject to the risks associated with the Underlying Funds. Leverage may increase the risk of loss and cause fluctuations in the market value of the Fund's portfolio to have disproportionately large effects or cause the NAV of the Fund generally to decline faster than it would otherwise. Derivatives may be more sensitive to changes in market conditions, amplifying risks. The Fund may engage in writing covered call options, which may limit its opportunity to profit from an increase in the price of the underlying stock above the exercise price, but continues to bear the risk of a decline in the stock. A liquid market may not exist for options held by the Fund. While the Fund receives premiums for writing the call options, the price it realizes from the exercise of an option could be substantially below a stock's current market price. High-yield bonds have a higher risk of default or other adverse credit events, but have the potential to pay higher earnings over investment grade bonds. The higher risk of default, or the inability of the creditor to repay its debt, is the primary reason for the higher interest rates on high-yield bonds.
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/saba-capital-management-lp-saba-launches-an-etf-focused-on-closed-end-funds-including-a-rates-hedge-300426685.html
SOURCE Saba Capital Management, L.P.
 Related Links

http://www.sabacapital.com



 












Apr 06, 2017, 13:54 ET
Preview: Saba Closed-End Funds ETF Declares First Monthly Distribution






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 Also from this source




 

Apr 06, 2017, 13:54 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Saba Closed-End Funds ETF Declares First Monthly Distribution






 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Banking & Financial Services
New Products & Services








 You just read:
Saba Capital Management, L.P. ("Saba") Launches an ETF Focused on Closed-End Funds, Including a Rates Hedge


 News provided by
Saba Capital Management, L.P.  
Mar 21, 2017, 09:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿






























Bank of America Corp DE Has $8.08 Million Position in Avon Products, Inc. (NYSE:AVP) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Avon Products Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Avon Products Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Paragon Capital Management Ltd Acquires Shares of 12,618 Intel Corporation (INTC)
J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) Position Decreased by UMB Bank N A MO
Medtronic PLC (NYSE:MDT) Stake Boosted by Clifford Swan Investment Counsel LLC
Denver Investment Advisors LLC Sells 600 Shares of Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL)
AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) Position Maintained by Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc.
Computer Task Group, (NASDAQ:CTG) Receiving Very Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows
Fate Therapeutics (NASDAQ:FATE) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows
First Savings Financial Group (NASDAQ:FSFG) Earns Media Sentiment Rating of 0.36
Somewhat Critical News Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Cytori Therapeutics (NASDAQ:CYTX) Share Price
Siliconware Precision Industries (NASDAQ:SPIL) Receives Media Sentiment Score of -0.12
Caladrius Biosciences (NASDAQ:CLBS) Earning Somewhat Critical Press Coverage, Study Shows
Bank of America Corp DE Has $7.80 Million Stake in BNC Bancorp (NASDAQ:BNCN)
Bank of America Corp DE Increases Position in Camping World Holdings Inc. (CWH)
Bank of America Corp DE Has $8.08 Million Position in Avon Products, Inc. (NYSE:AVP)
Bank of America Corp DE Has $8.25 Million Stake in Rice Energy Inc. (NYSE:RICE)
Imperial Oil (NYSEMKT:IMO) Getting Somewhat Critical News Coverage, Study Shows
Intersil Corp (NASDAQ:ISIL) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of -0.10
Novadaq Technologies (NVDQ) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows
Frank’s International N.V. (FI) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.31
Formula Systems (1985) (FORTY) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds







Bank of America Corp DE Has $8.08 Million Position in Avon Products, Inc. (NYSE:AVP)


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments




Bank of America Corp DE boosted its position in shares of  Avon Products, Inc. (NYSE:AVP) by 32.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  owned 1,836,177 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 446,768 shares during the period. Bank of America Corp DE’s holdings in Avon Products were worth $8,079,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Several other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Shah Capital Management raised its position in  Avon Products by 5.8% in the first quarter. Shah Capital Management now owns 3,266,908 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,374,000 after buying an additional 178,804 shares during the period.  Beech Hill Advisors Inc. raised its stake in shares of  Avon Products by 16.8% in the first quarter. Beech Hill Advisors Inc. now owns 86,800 shares of the company’s stock valued at $382,000 after buying an additional 12,500 shares during the last quarter.  Louisiana State Employees Retirement System raised its stake in shares of  Avon Products by 2.2% in the first quarter. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System now owns 110,600 shares of the company’s stock valued at $487,000 after buying an additional 2,400 shares during the last quarter.  Americafirst Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of  Avon Products during the first quarter valued at about $689,000.  Finally, Parametrica Management Ltd raised its stake in shares of  Avon Products by 119.7% in the first quarter. Parametrica Management Ltd now owns 29,338 shares of the company’s stock valued at $129,000 after buying an additional 15,985 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own  87.10% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Avon Products Inc. alerts:



Avon Products, Inc. (NYSE:AVP) opened at 3.65 on Tuesday. Avon Products, Inc. has a 1-year low of $3.24 and a 1-year high of $6.96. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $3.63 and its 200 day moving average is $4.34. The stock’s market capitalization is $1.61 billion. 





Avon Products (NYSE:AVP) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported ($0.07) EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.01 by $0.08. The firm had revenue of $1.33 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.33 billion. Avon Products had a net margin of 0.26% and a negative return on equity of 3.68%. The firm’s revenue was up 2.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted ($0.07) earnings per share.  On average, equities research analysts anticipate that  Avon Products, Inc. will post $0.22 earnings per share for the current year. 
WARNING: “Bank of America Corp DE Has $8.08 Million Position in Avon Products, Inc. (NYSE:AVP)” was originally  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/25/bank-of-america-corp-de-has-8-08-million-position-in-avon-products-inc-nyseavp.html. 
Several equities research analysts have issued reports on AVP shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Avon Products from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $5.25 target price for the company in a research report on Tuesday, May 2nd. DA Davidson started coverage on shares of Avon Products in a research report on Thursday, July 6th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $4.25 target price for the company. Finally, ValuEngine lowered shares of Avon Products from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, June 2nd. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned  a hold rating and two have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. Avon Products presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $5.54.
About Avon Products
Avon Products, Inc is a manufacturer and marketer of beauty and related products. The Company’s segments include Europe, Middle East & Africa; South Latin America; North Latin America, and Asia Pacific. Its product categories are Beauty, and Fashion and Home. Beauty consists of skincare (which includes personal care), fragrance and color (cosmetics).
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AVP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Avon Products, Inc. (NYSE:AVP).







Receive News & Ratings for Avon Products Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Avon Products Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 











































﻿






























Bank of America Corp DE Has $8.08 Million Position in Avon Products, Inc. (NYSE:AVP) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Avon Products Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Avon Products Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Paragon Capital Management Ltd Acquires Shares of 12,618 Intel Corporation (INTC)
J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) Position Decreased by UMB Bank N A MO
Medtronic PLC (NYSE:MDT) Stake Boosted by Clifford Swan Investment Counsel LLC
Denver Investment Advisors LLC Sells 600 Shares of Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL)
AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) Position Maintained by Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc.
Computer Task Group, (NASDAQ:CTG) Receiving Very Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows
Fate Therapeutics (NASDAQ:FATE) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows
First Savings Financial Group (NASDAQ:FSFG) Earns Media Sentiment Rating of 0.36
Somewhat Critical News Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Cytori Therapeutics (NASDAQ:CYTX) Share Price
Siliconware Precision Industries (NASDAQ:SPIL) Receives Media Sentiment Score of -0.12
Caladrius Biosciences (NASDAQ:CLBS) Earning Somewhat Critical Press Coverage, Study Shows
Bank of America Corp DE Has $7.80 Million Stake in BNC Bancorp (NASDAQ:BNCN)
Bank of America Corp DE Increases Position in Camping World Holdings Inc. (CWH)
Bank of America Corp DE Has $8.08 Million Position in Avon Products, Inc. (NYSE:AVP)
Bank of America Corp DE Has $8.25 Million Stake in Rice Energy Inc. (NYSE:RICE)
Imperial Oil (NYSEMKT:IMO) Getting Somewhat Critical News Coverage, Study Shows
Intersil Corp (NASDAQ:ISIL) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of -0.10
Novadaq Technologies (NVDQ) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows
Frank’s International N.V. (FI) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.31
Formula Systems (1985) (FORTY) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds







Bank of America Corp DE Has $8.08 Million Position in Avon Products, Inc. (NYSE:AVP)


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments




Bank of America Corp DE boosted its position in shares of  Avon Products, Inc. (NYSE:AVP) by 32.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  owned 1,836,177 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 446,768 shares during the period. Bank of America Corp DE’s holdings in Avon Products were worth $8,079,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Several other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Shah Capital Management raised its position in  Avon Products by 5.8% in the first quarter. Shah Capital Management now owns 3,266,908 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,374,000 after buying an additional 178,804 shares during the period.  Beech Hill Advisors Inc. raised its stake in shares of  Avon Products by 16.8% in the first quarter. Beech Hill Advisors Inc. now owns 86,800 shares of the company’s stock valued at $382,000 after buying an additional 12,500 shares during the last quarter.  Louisiana State Employees Retirement System raised its stake in shares of  Avon Products by 2.2% in the first quarter. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System now owns 110,600 shares of the company’s stock valued at $487,000 after buying an additional 2,400 shares during the last quarter.  Americafirst Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of  Avon Products during the first quarter valued at about $689,000.  Finally, Parametrica Management Ltd raised its stake in shares of  Avon Products by 119.7% in the first quarter. Parametrica Management Ltd now owns 29,338 shares of the company’s stock valued at $129,000 after buying an additional 15,985 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own  87.10% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Avon Products Inc. alerts:



Avon Products, Inc. (NYSE:AVP) opened at 3.65 on Tuesday. Avon Products, Inc. has a 1-year low of $3.24 and a 1-year high of $6.96. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $3.63 and its 200 day moving average is $4.34. The stock’s market capitalization is $1.61 billion. 





Avon Products (NYSE:AVP) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported ($0.07) EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.01 by $0.08. The firm had revenue of $1.33 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.33 billion. Avon Products had a net margin of 0.26% and a negative return on equity of 3.68%. The firm’s revenue was up 2.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted ($0.07) earnings per share.  On average, equities research analysts anticipate that  Avon Products, Inc. will post $0.22 earnings per share for the current year. 
WARNING: “Bank of America Corp DE Has $8.08 Million Position in Avon Products, Inc. (NYSE:AVP)” was originally  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/25/bank-of-america-corp-de-has-8-08-million-position-in-avon-products-inc-nyseavp.html. 
Several equities research analysts have issued reports on AVP shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Avon Products from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $5.25 target price for the company in a research report on Tuesday, May 2nd. DA Davidson started coverage on shares of Avon Products in a research report on Thursday, July 6th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $4.25 target price for the company. Finally, ValuEngine lowered shares of Avon Products from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, June 2nd. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned  a hold rating and two have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. Avon Products presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $5.54.
About Avon Products
Avon Products, Inc is a manufacturer and marketer of beauty and related products. The Company’s segments include Europe, Middle East & Africa; South Latin America; North Latin America, and Asia Pacific. Its product categories are Beauty, and Fashion and Home. Beauty consists of skincare (which includes personal care), fragrance and color (cosmetics).
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AVP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Avon Products, Inc. (NYSE:AVP).







Receive News & Ratings for Avon Products Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Avon Products Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 











































 




Saba Capital Management, LP   Saba Capital








































Toggle navigation








OUR FIRM
STRATEGIES

Credit Relative Value
Tail Hedge
Closed-End Funds
ETF


OUR TEAM
CONTACT US
 








						You are now leaving the Saba Capital Management website and will be redirected to sabaetf.com
Continue
Close








					Saba is an alternative investment firm focused on credit and equity relative value investing					















Differentiated Investment Philosophy










Established Technology and Infrastructure











Saba seeks to deliver alpha by combining quantitative, fundamental and technical research
Learn More





















 




Saba Capital Management, LP  |   Our Team








































Toggle navigation








OUR FIRM
STRATEGIES

Credit Relative Value
Tail Hedge
Closed-End Funds
ETF


OUR TEAM
CONTACT US
 








						You are now leaving the Saba Capital Management website and will be redirected to sabaetf.com
Continue
Close









Our Team








 

Boaz Weinstein
											Founder & Chief Investment Officer										



 

Jeremy Benkiewicz
											Founding Partner & Portfolio Manager										



 

Prakash Narayanan
											Partner & Portfolio Manager										



 

Pierre Weinstein
											Partner & Portfolio Manager										



 

Michael D’Angelo
											Partner, General Counsel & Chief Compliance Officer										



 

Cameron Hillyer
											Partner & Chief Financial Officer										



 

Muqu Karim
											Partner & Chief Operating Officer										



 

Joy Semple
											Partner & Head of Investor Relations										









Boaz Weinstein, Founder & Chief Investment Officer												

Boaz Weinstein is the founder and Chief Investment Officer of Saba. Mr. Weinstein founded Saba in 2009 as a lift-out of Saba Principal Strategies. At Saba, Mr. Weinstein leads a team of 41 professionals, with the senior investment team having worked together for fifteen years.
read more
 
 
 
 










Jeremy Benkiewicz, Founding Partner & Portfolio Manager												

Jeremy Benkiewicz is a co-founder and portfolio manager in Saba’s New York office. Prior to Saba, Mr. Benkiewicz was Co-Head of Saba Principal Strategies and Managing Director at Deutsche Bank. In that role, Mr. Benkiewicz managed a multi-billion dollar investment portfolio across various asset classes and products, including credit, convertibles, equity, and equity derivatives, and was responsible for the group’s European investment effort. Mr. Benkiewicz joined Deutsche Bank in 2002 as one of Saba Principal Strategies’ early members. Mr. Benkiewicz started his investment career in 1998 at Société Générale in New York as a trader, and was later a Portfolio Manager for the proprietary convertible arbitrage group. Mr. Benkiewicz holds an MS in Financial Engineering from Ensimag in Grenoble, France.










Prakash Narayanan, Partner & Portfolio Manager												

Prakash Narayanan joined Saba in April 2011 and oversees Saba’s European office. Prior to Saba, Mr. Narayanan was a Managing Director and Head of Leveraged Finance Trading in North America at Deutsche Bank. Mr. Narayanan worked at Deutsche Bank from 2002 to 2011 and was previously Head of High Yield Credit Trading in North America. While at Deutsche Bank he specialized in the trading and risk management of credit derivatives, corporate bonds and leverage loans. Mr. Narayanan received an MS in Computational Finance from Carnegie Mellon University and a B.Eng (Honors) in Chemical Engineering from The University of Nottingham, England.










Pierre Weinstein, Partner & Portfolio Manager												

Pierre Weinstein joined Saba at launch in April 2009. Prior to Saba, Mr. Weinstein was a Portfolio Manager at Saba Principal Strategies, the proprietary credit trading group at Deutsche Bank since January 2005, where he managed the equity derivatives and international convertible bond strategies. Mr. Weinstein started his investment career at Société Générale in Paris in 1998 as an equity derivatives market maker and had various roles until 2004 including a position as a convertible bond proprietary trader in New York. Mr. Weinstein holds a Ms in Engineering from École Centrale Lyon and a Ms in Finance from École HEC in Paris.










Michael D’Angelo, Partner, General Counsel & Chief Compliance Officer												

Michael D’Angelo joined Saba in November 2015.   Prior to Saba, Mr. D’Angelo was the General Counsel and Compliance Manager at Prologue Capital Management, LP from 2012 to 2015, where he led the firm’s legal and compliance group, including the implementation of its U.S. and U.K. compliance and regulatory reporting and monitoring program. Prior to Prologue, Mr. D’Angelo was a senior attorney with Schulte Roth & Zabel from 2007 to 2012, focusing on hedge fund and private equity fund formation and ongoing advice, including advising clients on RIA compliance and regulatory reporting. Mr. D’Angelo began his career as an analyst with Goldman Sachs & Company. Mr. D’Angelo received a Juris Doctorate from Hofstra University School of Law and a BBA in Finance and Economics from Pace University.










Cameron Hillyer, Partner & Chief Financial Officer												

Prior to joining Saba in April 2016, Cameron Hillyer was a Partner and the Chief Financial Officer at MatlinPatterson, a credit asset management platform with over $8 billion in AUM. At MatlinPatterson, he maintained overall responsibility for management of the firm’s infrastructure, finance, treasury, operations and technology. Prior to joining MatlinPatterson, Mr. Hillyer was the Chief Financial Officer at Clearwater Capital Partners, a distressed debt and special situations firm with 80 employees spanning six global offices. Mr. Hillyer began his career at KPMG in Australia and subsequently managed major audit accounts within the firm’s New York private equity and hedge fund practice.
Mr. Hillyer is a CFA Charterholder, a Chartered Accountant (Australia) and received a Bachelor of Commerce degree from the University of Melbourne, Australia.










Muqu Karim, Partner & Chief Operating Officer												

Muqu Karim joined Saba in 2009 as an original member of the team that spun out from Deutsche Bank. Mr. Karim served as Saba’s Chief Financial Officer from May 2014 to June 2015, and Chief Administrative Officer from July 2009 to May 2014. At Deutsche Bank, Mr. Karim was the business manager of Saba Principal Strategies from 2006 to 2009, leading the internal and external desk liaison to support 50 traders globally. Previously, Mr. Karim worked at Barclays Capital as an Associate Director in the Product Control Group from 2000-2002 and 2004-2006, managing various financial
reporting, review, monitoring and control functions across the Global Credit Trading business. Mr. Karim began his career in 1994 at Deloitte & Touche, leading audit engagements for major clients in the firm’s Financial Services Audit & Assurance practice in London and New York. Mr. Karim received a BSc. in Economics from the London School of Economics, an MBA in Finance from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania, is a Chartered Accountant and a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England & Wales.










Joy Semple, Partner & Head of Investor Relations												

Joy Semple joined Saba in August 2010 and was promoted to Head of Investor Relations in June 2015. Prior to Saba, Ms. Semple worked at The IDW Group from 2006 to 2010 and International Business Machines (IBM) in Corporate Treasury from 2003 to 2006, where she was a trader in the Capital Markets division issuing and managing debt and derivatives globally.   Ms. Semple received a BA in Economics from Middlebury College and attended Harvard Business School’s Program for Leadership Development.





















Saba Capital Management, L.P. ("Saba") Launches an ETF Focused on Closed-End Funds, Including a Rates HedgeHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 2 hrs 31 minsS&P 5002,469.46-5.96 (-0.24%)Dow 3021,795.70-0.85 (-0.00%)Nasdaq6,374.43-7.76 (-0.12%)Today's ChartsDon't get blindsided by Tesla's shiny new Model 3Saba Capital Management, L.P. ("Saba") Launches an ETF Focused on Closed-End Funds, Including a Rates HedgePR NewswireMarch 21, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareNEW YORK, March 21, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Saba (Bats: CEFS) launches CEFS, an actively managed ETF that seeks to generate high income by investing in closed-end funds trading at a discount to net asset value ("NAV") and hedging the ETF's risk to rising interest rates.  This is Saba's first ETF; Saba is a well-known alternative investment products firm.Closed-end funds are listed investment vehicles that trade at a premium or discount to NAV as a result of market technicals and sentiment.  Saba specializes in fixed income and equity closed-end funds trading at a discount to NAV, given they typically offer higher yield and return potential than the underlying securities.  A small portion of that excess return is utilized to finance the portfolio's interest rate hedge."Many closed-end funds are trading at an attractive discount to their net asset value," said Boaz Weinstein, Founder and Chief Investment Officer at Saba.  "In an environment where investors are searching for yield, we believe closed-end funds offer high income and a margin of safety due to the discount." The ETF offers access to Saba Capital's portfolio managers who have years of experience trading and hedging closed-end funds.  Saba Capital's investment process includes proprietary models that dynamically rank closed-end funds across a variety of factors, including yield, discount to NAV and quality of underlying securities.  In addition, CEFS seeks to outperform index-based closed-end fund products by actively trading the portfolio in an attempt to capture the widening and narrowing of discounts to net asset value. About Saba Capital Management, L.P. Saba is an Investment Adviser founded in 2009.  The firm manages over $1.6bn across three primary strategies: Closed-End Funds, Credit Relative Value and Tail Hedge.  Saba's investors are predominately institutions and include corporate pensions, public pensions, foundations, endowments, fund of funds and family offices.  The heritage of the firm dates back to 1998 at Deutsche Bank where Saba's CIO, Boaz Weinstein, founded one of the largest proprietary trading groups on Wall Street, known as Saba Principal Strategies.  The senior members of Saba Principal Strategies spun off together to begin Saba Capital.  The firm is headquartered in the historic Chrysler Building in New York with an investment office in London. www.sabacapital.com.Carefully consider the Fund's investment objectives, risk factors, charges and expenses before investing. This and additional information can be found in the Fund's prospectus, which may be obtained by calling (212) 542-4644 or visiting www.sabaetf.com. Read the prospectus carefully before investing. Distributed by Foreside Fund Services, LLCNet Asset Value is the per share value of a fund, found by subtracting the fund's liabilities from its assets and dividing by the number of shares outstanding.Investing involves risk, including possible loss of principal. Investments in foreign securities may involve risks such as social and political instability, market illiquidity, exchange-rate fluctuations, a high level of volatility and limited regulation. Because the Fund is a "fund of funds," its investment performance largely depends on the investment performance of the Underlying Funds in which it invests, and the Fund is subject to the risks associated with the Underlying Funds. Leverage may increase the risk of loss and cause fluctuations in the market value of the Fund's portfolio to have disproportionately large effects or cause the NAV of the Fund generally to decline faster than it would otherwise. Derivatives may be more sensitive to changes in market conditions, amplifying risks. The Fund may engage in writing covered call options, which may limit its opportunity to profit from an increase in the price of the underlying stock above the exercise price, but continues to bear the risk of a decline in the stock. A liquid market may not exist for options held by the Fund. While the Fund receives premiums for writing the call options, the price it realizes from the exercise of an option could be substantially below a stock's current market price. High-yield bonds have a higher risk of default or other adverse credit events, but have the potential to pay higher earnings over investment grade bonds. The higher risk of default, or the inability of the creditor to repay its debt, is the primary reason for the higher interest rates on high-yield bonds.Read More To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/saba-capital-management-lp-saba-launches-an-etf-focused-on-closed-end-funds-including-a-rates-hedge-300426685.htmlReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextWisconsin governor defends $3 billion deal for Foxconn plantReutersHow (1) Man Turned $50K into $5.3 MillionInvesting DailySponsoredMattress Startup Purple Agrees to $1.1B Merger With Publicly-Traded Investment Shell CompanyForbesAnthony Scaramucci’s Hollywood Ties: Investments Include Movie ‘Crazy for the Boys’VarietyThis Billionaire Just Called Bitcoin a 'Pyramid Scheme'FortuneAre You Looking For A Luxury SUV? Best of 2017Askthis.orgSponsoredThings to know about Foxconn plant coming to WisconsinAssociated PressTax cuts just got more likelyYahoo FinanceThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderHow $39 Gets You A 9 Mins A Day Investing StrategyInvesting DailySponsoredTODAY'S CHARTS: Don't get blindsided by Tesla's shiny new Model 3Yahoo FinanceHere’s where you can go to see the historic solar eclipseYahoo Finance VideoHow a one-of-a-kind business has kept 5,000 kitchens out of landfillsYahoo FinanceThis Shaper Smooths Out Muffin Tops & Saggy ButtInvisible ShaperSponsoredThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceTrump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverageYahoo FinanceNorth Korea fires missile which lands in sea off JapanMick Palumbo: Send Godzilla to N. Korea. He'll know what to do.Join the Conversation1 / 52.5k








