    Carole Sable | REVOLUTION Medicines | ZoomInfo.com


SCYNEXIS Appoints Carole Sable, MD, as Chief Medical Officer (NASDAQ:SCYX)


























 



Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS





Feb 24, 2014




 Previous Release | Next Release 


PDF

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase



SCYNEXIS Appoints Carole Sable, MD, as Chief Medical Officer
RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK, N.C., Feb. 24, 2014 — Drug discovery company SCYNEXIS, Inc., today announced that it has appointed infectious disease expert Carole Sable, MD, as Chief Medical Officer. Dr. Sable was most recently a Vice President at Merck & Co., Inc, initially as franchise integrator in Infectious Diseases and more recently as VP, Project Leadership and Management in Neurosciences and Ophthalmology.
“Carole brings to SCYNEXIS a significant tenure in the clinical development of infectious disease products, both as a clinician and in various corporate roles,” said Dr. Yves Ribeill, SCYNEXIS president and chief executive officer. “We look forward to her contributions as we continue to advance our lead candidate, SCY-078, a novel oral and intravenous antifungal compound, as well as our anti-viral platform.”
“SCY-078 represents a promising potential alternative for patients with invasive fungal infections who still experience significant morbidity and mortality despite antifungal treatment with currently available antifungal agents,” commented Dr. Sable. “I am thrilled to be a part of SCYNEXIS’ experienced and dedicated team as we look to bring novel anti-infectives to patients in need.”
Prior to her recent involvement with Merck & Co., Dr. Sable served as Chief Medical Officer of Novexel SA and President of Novexel Inc., the US subsidiary, where she was responsible for clinical development and successfully filed two INDs and successfully completed Phase 2b studies for two antibacterial programs which led to the acquisition of Novexel SA by AstraZeneca. Previously, Dr. Sable was Executive Director of Infectious Disease and Vaccines Clinical Research at Merck & Co., Inc. where she was responsible for anti-bacterial, antifungal and vaccine development programs, including the clinical development of the antifungal agent Cancidas®. While with Merck, Dr. Sable also supervised the development and regulatory submissions for Invanz® and the in-licensing of the anti-infective amino-methylcycline PTK-0796 from Paratek Pharmaceuticals, as well as programs for sepsis, malaria, and anthrax. Dr. Sable began her career as an Assistant Professor of Medicine and Infectious Diseases at the University of Virginia in Charlottesville. She received an MD from Jefferson Medical College in 1983 and completed an internal medicine residency and infectious disease fellowship at the University of Virginia.
About SCYNEXIS
SCYNEXIS is a pharmaceutical company committed to the discovery, development and commercialization of novel anti-infectives to address significant unmet therapeutic needs. We are developing our lead product candidate, SCY-078, as a novel oral and intravenous (IV) drug for the treatment of serious and life-threatening invasive fungal infections in humans. In addition, we have clinical and preclinical programs based on the use of cyclophilin inhibitors to treat viral diseases, as well as contract research and development services primarily in the field of animal health. www.scynexis.com.



Company:
Amanda Mancuso – Chief of Staff
SCYNEXIS, Inc.
amanda.mancuso@scynexis.com
Tel: +1 919 544 8663
Media Relations:
Cory Tromblee – MacDougall Biomedical Communications
ctromblee@macbiocom.com
Tel: +1 781 235 3060






 


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Carol Sable                                                                                                              - West Bloomfield                                   , MI         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MI



West Bloomfield



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            Carol Sable
                                    



 





















C 


Carol Sable                                                                                                             
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



4855 FAIRVIEW CT WEST BLOOMFIELD, MI 48322
Get Directions



(248) 538-9541
 





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $120,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts Carol Sable                                                                                                             







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010 the company has been providing Business Services At Non-commercial Site. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















Sable Carole a Md in Charlottesville, VA 22901 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Virginia
» Charlottesville
» General Practice
» Sable Carole a Md













Sable Carole a Md


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





  Charlottesville, Virginia 22901


(434) 924-9668


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Sable Carole a Md is located at the address  in Charlottesville, Virginia 22901.  They can be contacted via phone at (434) 924-9668 for pricing, hours and directions.  Sable Carole a Md specializes in Plastic Surgery, Sprains & Strains, Diabetes.  Sable Carole a Md provides Consultations, Plastic Surgery, In Home Care to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Sable Carole a Md view the map to the right.  For reviews of Sable Carole a Md see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Arch Supports
, Astigmatic Contacts
, Children's Eyewear
, Supplements
, Nutritional Supplements
, Therapeutic Shoes
, Orthotics
, Pillows
, Light & Thin Lenses
, Metal



SERVICES


In Home Care
, Plastic Surgery
, Referrals
, Consultations
, Eyewear Fittings
, Counseling
, Hair Removal
, Health & Wellness Treatments
, Family Planning
, Spider Vein Treatments


 SPECIALTIES


Nail Disorders
, Diabetes
, Headaches
, Sprains & Strains
, Sciatica
, Disc Problems
, Eczema
, Skin Allergies
, Plastic Surgery
, Orthotics



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (434) 924-9668
Phone2: (434) 982-4470
CATEGORIES:


General Practice
Health Care
Physicians



People Also Viewed


Muller William H Jr MD


  Charlottesville, Virginia 22901




Dane Joseph R PhD


2776 Hydraulic Rd  Charlottesville, Virginia 22901




Shipley, Patricia Md


914 E Jefferson St Ste 204 Charlottesville, Virginia 22902




CARAWAY DAVID MD PHD


902 E Jefferson St  Charlottesville, Virginia 22902




Kuhlmann Thomas P MD Facep


Stoney Pt  Charlottesville, Virginia 22901




McCallum Richard W MD


110 Tally Ho Dr  Charlottesville, Virginia 22901





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM














Vitae Pharmaceuticals Announces Appointment of  Carole Sable, M.D., as Chief Medical Officer Nasdaq:VTAE









































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













Vitae Pharmaceuticals Announces Appointment of  Carole Sable, M.D., as Chief Medical Officer




















June 06, 2016 16:05 ET

 | Source: Vitae Pharmaceuticals, Inc.





FORT WASHINGTON, Pa., June  06, 2016  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Vitae Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:VTAE), a clinical-stage biotechnology company, today announced that Carole Sable, M.D., has been named Chief Medical Officer, effective immediately. Dr. Sable will oversee the clinical development of Vitae’s pipeline, including wholly owned mid-stage clinical assets VTP-43742, an oral RORyt inhibitor being developed for autoimmune disorders and currently being assessed in moderate to severe psoriasis, and VTP-38543, a topical LXRβ selective agonist being studied in mild to moderate atopic dermatitis.“We are pleased to welcome Carole to the Vitae team as our Chief Medical Officer,” said Jeff Hatfield, President and Chief Executive Officer of Vitae. “Carole has a demonstrated track record of success in leading clinical development efforts in multiple therapeutic areas, from discovery through NDA filing. This broad clinical expertise will be invaluable to Vitae as we continue advancing and expanding our pipeline of novel therapies for difficult-to-drug targets with high unmet medical need.”Dr. Sable brings to Vitae more than 20 years of diverse clinical development and executive management experience, having been involved in all phases of clinical research, including the filing of several New Drug Applications with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, as well as multiple Worldwide Marketing Applications. She most recently served as Chief Medical Officer of REVOLUTION Medicines, Inc. Prior to REVOLUTION Medicines, Dr. Sable served as Chief Medical Officer at SCYNEXIS, Inc. In this role, she was responsible for all clinical development, clinical pharmacology and regulatory activities. Earlier in her career, Dr. Sable has held several senior positions at Merck & Co., Inc., where she oversaw preparation of the New Drug Application for BELSORMA®, leading to its approval in 2014. Dr. Sable also served as Chief Medical Officer of Novexel SA, where she led worldwide clinical development activities until the company’s acquisition by AstraZeneca in 2010. Additionally, she has authored nearly 60 scientific reviews and articles.“I look forward to supporting the advancement of Vitae’s potential first-in-class therapies for patients with autoimmune disorders and atopic dermatitis who are underserved by currently marketed treatments,” said Dr. Sable.Dr. Sable earned her M.D. at Jefferson Medical College of Thomas Jefferson University and subsequently completed her internship and residency in internal medicine at the University of Virginia Hospital. She then completed a fellowship in infectious diseases at the University of Virginia Health Sciences Center.About Vitae Pharmaceuticals Vitae Pharmaceuticals is a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing first-in-class product candidates with potential to transform the treatment paradigm for patients with significant unmet medical needs. Initial indications being pursued include psoriasis, other autoimmune disorders, and atopic dermatitis. Vitae’s lead clinical assets include VTP-43742, an oral RORyt inhibitor currently being studied in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis, and VTP-38543, an LXRβ selective agonist being studied in patients with mild to moderate atopic dermatitis.For additional information, please visit the company's website at www.vitaepharma.com.Safe Harbor StatementThis release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including, but not limited to, the development of Vitae’s clinical programs. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, including the risk factors set forth from time to time in Vitae’s SEC filings, including, but not limited to, the risks that are described in the “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” sections of Vitae’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, which are on file with the SEC and available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. In addition to the risks described above and in Vitae’s other filings with the SEC, other unknown or unpredictable factors also could affect Vitae’s results. No forward-looking statements can be guaranteed and actual results may differ materially from such statements. The information in this release is provided only as of the date of this release, and Vitae undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this release on account of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law.INVESTORS:
Vitae Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Richard S. Morris, CPA
Chief Financial Officer
(215) 461-2000
rmorris@vitaerx.com 

Westwicke Partners
John Woolford
(443) 213-0506
john.woolford@westwicke.com 

MEDIA:
6 Degrees PR
Tony Plohoros	
(908) 591-2839
tplohoros@6degreespr.com 


Related Articles
other press releases by Vitae Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


Vitae Pharmaceuticals to Present at Wells Fargo Healthcare Conference
September 01, 2016 16:05


Vitae Pharmaceuticals to Present at Wedbush PacGrow Healthcare Conference
August 11, 2016 07:30


Vitae Pharmaceuticals Appoints Scott Applebaum as General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
August 10, 2016 16:05


Vitae Pharmaceuticals Reports Second Quarter 2016 Operating and Financial Results
August 03, 2016 16:05


Vitae Pharmaceuticals to Announce Second Quarter 2016 Financial Results on August 3, 2016
August 01, 2016 17:30






217



other news releases in

Directors and Officers

in the last 30 days
                            











Profile

Vitae Pharmaceuticals, Inc.





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Fort Washington, Pennsylvania, UNITED STATES




Contact Data
INVESTORS:
Vitae Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Richard S. Morris, CPA
Chief Financial Officer
(215) 461-2000
rmorris@vitaerx.com 

Westwicke Partners
John Woolford
(443) 213-0506
john.woolford@westwicke.com 

MEDIA:
6 Degrees PR
Tony Plohoros	
(908) 591-2839
tplohoros@6degreespr.com 

Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.











Media Files



Vitae Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        



















Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.












Fluid Foundation - Sable (Sand) - Carole Franck




























































+61 2 8339 4621 Find a storeFree shipping on all orders above $250.Login / Sign UpWishlist0HomeShopFEATURED ITEMSProductsRoll-on Sculptoval$15.90 $15.92SHOP BY CATEGORYCleaners & TonersMasks & ExfoliatorsTreatment oilsMoisturisersSerumsEye AreaSHOP BY CATEGORYSun ProtectionBody CareMensMake-upSalon size productsGift packagesBlogAbout usShipping & ReturnsPrivacy policyContact










-51%


 


 



Fluid Foundation – Sable (Sand)

 


$59.00 $29.00








Categories:   Make-up, Mineral Foundations
SKU : 307

Availability:

In Stock										
















Add to basket





Add to Wishlist






Remove from Wishlist








Share this






























Description


Reviews (0)



Product Description
Color
Sable/Sand
Benefits:
Fluid Foundation ultra fine, easy to apply, long-lasting and without transfer, unifies and revives the complexion. Leaves a natural file that beautifies the face.
Ingredients:
The exclusive complex enriched with plants (vitamins, iris, evening primrose, germ oil and palm oil) preserves the youth of the face, smoothes the face’s features.
Controls the light and neutralizes the harmful effects of UV.






Be the first to review “Fluid Foundation – Sable (Sand)” Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment. 



Reviews
There are no reviews yet.









Related Products




-50%

Lip Care Mango -Golden Tube 4gr




Add to basketQuick View




Add to Wishlist






Remove from Wishlist







$48.00 $24.00







-50%

Lip Care Cherry – Golden Tube 4gr




Add to basketQuick View




Add to Wishlist






Remove from Wishlist







$48.00 $24.00







-50%

Lip Care Rose – Golden Tube 4gr




Add to basketQuick View




Add to Wishlist






Remove from Wishlist







$48.00 $24.00









Fluid Foundation – Beige Clair / Light Beige




Add to basketQuick View




Add to Wishlist






Remove from Wishlist







$59.00









Mineral powder – transluscent [15g]




Add to basketQuick View




Add to Wishlist






Remove from Wishlist







$49.00







-51%

Fluid Foundation – Ivoire (Ivory)




Add to basketQuick View




Add to Wishlist






Remove from Wishlist







$59.00 $29.00







-50%

Lip Care Naturel – Golden Tube 4gr




Add to basketQuick View




Add to Wishlist






Remove from Wishlist







$48.00 $24.00







-50%

Lip Care Beige – Golden Tube 4gr




Add to basketQuick View




Add to Wishlist






Remove from Wishlist







$48.00 $24.00














