    Sachiko Kuno | S&R Foundation | ZoomInfo.com









Sachiko Kuno Invests in Social Change | S&R Foundation































Skip to main content






Search form
Search




 

Login

 

News

 











Toggle navigation














News
Back to all
 

 









   


 

Press Releases



 Application Process Opens for S&R Washington Award 
 August 1, 2016  

 S&R Foundation Selects Architectural Team to Handle Renovations for Historic Fillmore School in Georgetown 
 June 8, 2016  

 Septime Webre to become Artistic Director for S&R Foundation 
 May 31, 2016  

 S&R Foundation Introduces 12 D.C.-Based Artists Selected for  Pilot Studios Program at Historic Fillmore School in Georgetown 
 May 12, 2016  

 S&R Foundation Announces 2015 S&R Washington Award Winners 
 January 28, 2016  

 
1 of 3
next ›


      For media requests, please contact communications@sandr.org 

 

 


Sachiko Kuno Invests in Social Change





September 24, 2015Voice of America






As a scientist, Sachiko Kuno knows the value of experimentation and innovation.
She and her research partner-husband Ryuji Ueno made a fortune developing drugs to treat conditions such as glaucoma and irritable bowel syndrome. But the biotech entrepreneurs – founders of Sucampo Pharmaceuticals Inc. in the United States and R-Tech Ueno Ltd. in their native Japan – also are deeply invested in finding formulas to improve society.
Their laboratory for this philanthropic work is the year-old Halcyon Incubator, a residential program housed in a beautifully renovated 18th-century mansion in Washington’s historic Georgetown neighborhood.
Kuno, 60, calls Halcyon an "ecosystem" for "young social entrepreneurs to think about how they can ... solve 21st-century problems."
Fellows’ interests range widely: from starting a community solar project or a West African literacy program to eliminating carbon emissions or designing headphones that cancel motion sickness.
Stimulating, supportive environment
They live and work at Halcyon House for four months, then get free office space for another eight months. They meet with experts in marketing, law and other fields – as well as potential funders.
They also get to enjoy some of the arts programing of Halcyon’s parent S&R Foundation, headquartered at the Evermay Estate, another historic property several blocks away. The couple bought both properties in 2011 for a combined $33 million. The foundation began an arts awards program in 2000 and, after Evermay’s acquisition, started a concert series there in 2012. 
At Halcyon, "you have an infrastructure," said former fellow Diana Sierra of Colombia. "You have the business plan. You have the chance to pitch to other people and show them your project – get advice."
Sierra developed the award-winning Be Girl project, which designs washable, reusable feminine hygiene pads and panties.
"Menstruation can be a very simple thing for people who have access to proper management materials, but if you don’t ... it can be a burden," Sierra said. UNICEF reports one in 10 girls skip school during their monthly periods – or even drop out – because they lack sanitation supplies or suffer teasing and embarrassment.
By talking with girls in Uganda and other test markets, Sierra learned that water shortages meant the products had to be easy to clean. BE GIRL’s website also says its reusable products are more environmentally friendly than disposable pads and tampons. 
An encouraging presence
No matter what the fellows' focus, Kuno offers encouragement, says Amelia Friedman, who’s from the Washington suburb of Arlington, Virginia.
"She’s like the fairy godmother of Halcyon. ... She’s very careful to think about what’s the best way she can support us and our ventures," said Friedman, who started the Student Language Exchange as a Brown University sophomore. Now, it’s operating at six universities, with native speakers teaching their peers languages such as Bengali, Swahili and Dzongkha. 
"Halcyon is really trying to bring together a diversity of people, a diversity of ideas ... to build a more vibrant community" to improve society, she said.
Diversity embraced
Kuno appreciates the need for diversity.
In her 20s, she was Kyoto University’s only female PhD candidate in industrial biochemistry, which she said sometimes left her feeling "isolated," as if she herself were under a microscope.
Kuno credits a professor for encouraging her to do post-doctoral research in Germany, at the Technical University of Munich, where she could work among other women as well as men. "The experience in Munich changed me to be more confident that what I am doing is correct," she said.
Her confidence grew, and 30 years ago she switched from academics to applied science – to business. Forbes, the business publication, estimates her worth at $330 million and ranks her 41st on its current list of self-made women in America.
"For me, business is a kind of tool," yielding better things for society, Kuno said. "… I’m always focused on what will be the final goal."
Kuno counts the S&R Foundation and its Halcyon program as deeply satisfying ventures that repay others’ investments in her.
"I was supported by many people when I was young, and many people who believed in my talent and capability and potential," she said. "So I just want to do the same thing [for] the next generation."
The scientist-philanthropist also hinted she may have still more future contributions of her own. She likes to undertake a fresh challenge, to "initialize my life every seven, eight years," Kuno said. ".... I do not like to sit on what I have done already."
Innovation awaits.
Link to coverage 

 




















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version


















Sachiko Kuno Foundation Inc - 501C3 Nonprofit - Washington, DC - 473532147

























      TaxExemptWorld  Updated on April 23, 2017    

   


 Nonprofit Lookup byName 
 Tax ID(EIN) 
 501C Classification 
 State 
 Metro Area 
 County 
 City 
 Zip Code 
  Advanced Search  





Sign Up Sign In


  
   


 Nonprofit Lookup byName 
 Tax ID(EIN) 
 501C Classification 
 Zip Code 
 City 
 County 
 Metro Area 
 State 
  Advanced Search  









Sachiko Kuno Foundation Inc

            
            501C3
            
            Nonprofit Organization Information


  Get Unlimited Access to 990 Returns
  Get Unlimited Access to Financial Data
  Save to Excel, CSV, Access, or TXT

Get the Report
Download all available information for this organization plus form 990 pdf files  to your computer, laptop, and phone.


 Assets: $500,000 + 
 Income: $500,000 + 
 Form 990 Revenue: $0 




 Organization Name & Address

 Sachiko Kuno Foundation Inc
                3400 Prospect St Nw # 3410
                
                Washington, DC
                20007-3218 


 Contact Info Executive Officer Name and Phone Number

 Available with membership or
data download 


  Employer Identification Number (EIN) / Tax ID Nine digit number assigned by the IRS to identify a company 

47-3532147 


  Form 990 - PDF files What is this? A form 990 is an information return filed with the IRS that shows extensive details on a nonprofit organization's income, assets, 
            expenses, executives, directors, salaries, compensation, investments, and more 
form 990 instructions  

 Available with membership or
data download 


 Asset Amount


$500,000 + View more asset details with membership or
data download



 Income Amount


$500,000 + View more income details with membership or
data download



 Form 990 Revenue Amount


                $0
              


  In Care Of Name The officer, director, etc. to whose attention any correspondence should be directed 


                n/r
              


  Classification(s) Categories under which an organization may be tax exempt 

 
                
                501(C)(3)
                
                

 Charitable Organization
              


  Filing Requirement The primary return(s) the organization is required to file
form 990 return  form 990 instructions 
Form 990 - Not required to file(all other)

  Taxonomy Classifies an exempt Internal Revenue Code 501 (c)(3) organization 

Private Independent Foundations


  Secondary Name Another name under which this nonprofit organization does business. Also used for trade names, chapter names, or local numbers for subordinate organizations of group rulings 




  Affiliation Defines the organizational grouping 

This organization is an independent organization or an independent auxiliary (i.e., not affiliated with a National, Regional, or Geographic grouping of organizations).


 Deductibility Status

Contributions are deductible


 Principal Activities


                n/r
              


 Foundation Type

Private non-operating foundation


  Tax Period The date of the latest return filed 

12/2015




 Get the Report
Download all available information for this organization plus form 990 pdf files  to your computer, laptop, and phone.








× Close






Sample 990 Files (click ot view)
              
              








Download All Form 990s
  Download All Form 990s 
            
            - or -
Download All Form 990s
 In the Entire Database 






Phone numbers and other contact information for an organization are typically included in 990 files - click the sample pdf files above to view.
          





Close

























Sachiko Kuno Foundation, Inc.  - Current Holdings - Fintel.io

































Sachiko Kuno Foundation, Inc. 







Current Holdings (from 13F, 13D)


InvestorSachiko Kuno Foundation, Inc. 
Current Positions1


Sachiko Kuno Foundation, Inc.  has disclosed 1 total holdings in their latest SEC filings.
        
        
            
                This investor has not filed a 13F, which indicates it has under $100M in Assets Under Management (AUM).
            
        
        
            This investor has filed 1 activist 13D filings recently, which suggests it
            takes an active role in influencing management.

        
        
        
        
            Sachiko Kuno Foundation, Inc. 's top industries are
            
                "Chemicals And Allied Products" (sic 28)
                
                
            .
        
    

Overview
SEC Filings
13D/13G
Predictive Value









All Sachiko Kuno Foundation, Inc.  holdings are listed in the following table.
                This data is sourced from 13D/13G, and 13F filings. Green rows indicate new positions. Red rows indicate closed positions.



Add This Fundto your dashboard



This is a list of 13D and 13G filings made since the last quarterly 13F report (if any).



File DateFormSecurity

PrevShares
CurrentShares
Change(Percent)
Prev Value(x$1000)
Current Value(x$1000)
Change(Percent)




2016‑12‑29
SC 13D
SCMP / Sucampo Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

*

2,400,283
















Fintel IR - Find the Right Investors for Your Company, Instantly!
        Fintel IR combines the comprehensive Fintel ownership database with machine learning to
        provide advanced tools to make investor outreach fast and easy.
        Learn more now!
















Become a power user!

 Join our private investing channel!
Request Membership




























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Forbes WelcomeCLOSE   More Options   Quote of the Day  Develop a curiosity overload. Kevin Harrington, Entrepreneur    


501(c)(3) Lookup: SACHIKO KUNO FOUNDATION INC 







































Tweet





Buffer










sachiko kuno foundation inc 

washington, District of Columbia
EIN: 47-3532147


					Philanthropy, Voluntarism and Grantmaking Foundations
				


DEMOGRAPHIC

View Larger Map


ADDRESS
 3400 PROSPECT ST NW # 3410

20007-3218
IN CARE OF NAME
N/A
TELEPHONE / FAX
N/A
WEBSITE / EMAIL

				N/A
DBA NAME(S)

				
					N/A
				
			
FACEBOOK PAGE
N/A
			
GOOGLE+ PAGE
N/A
			
TWITTER PAGE
N/A
			

CLASSIFICATION

ORGANIZATION CODE
1: Corporation
DEDUCTIBILITY CODE
1: Contributions are deductible
AFFILIATION CODE
3: Independent
SUBSECTION/CLASSIFICATION CODES
N/A
ACTIVITY CODES
N/A


NTEE COMMON CODE
T: Philanthropy, Voluntarism and Grantmaking Foundations
NTEE CODE
T22: Private Independent Foundations
FOUNDATION CODE
04: Private non-operating foundation
EXEMPT ORGANIZATION STATUS CODE
1: Unconditional Exemption








FINANCIALS

TAX PERIOD
12/2015
ACCOUNTING PERIOD
12
INCOME CODE
6: $1,000,000   to   $4,999,999
INCOME AMOUNT
$1,000,000.00
FORM 990 REVENUE AMOUNT
$0.00


RULING DATE
09/2015
ASSET CODE
5: $500,000   to   $999,999
ASSET AMOUNT
$659,983.00
FILING REQUIREMENT CODE
990 - Not required to file(all other)
PF FILING REQUIREMENT CODE
990-PF return











			Disclaimer: While we are confident of the accuracy of the information on this page, we encourage you verify the information directly with IRS. The IRS has a toll-free number for this at 1-877-829-5500 or visit www.irs.gov.
		





PLEASE SHARE. THANK YOU!
Follow @twitterapi

		
		 




		  • Read Today's 501c3 Headlines
		  • Most Viewed Non-profits
		  • Top Two-Fifty Non-Profits
		  • 501c3 Organizations by Activity Code
















Try a New Search Below...



View 501c3 Listings by State
AL - Alabama
AK - Alaska
AZ - Arizona
AR - Arkansas
CA - California
CO - Colorado
CT - Connecticut
DE - Delaware
FL - Florida
GA - Georgia
HI - Hawaii
ID - Idaho
IL - Illinois
IN - Indiana
IA - Iowa
KS - Kansas
KY - Kentucky
LA - Louisiana
ME - Maine
MD - Maryland
MA - Massachusetts
MI - Michigan
MN - Minnesota
MS - Mississippi
MO - Missouri
MT - Montana
NE - Nebraska
NV - Nevada
NH - New Hampshire
NJ - New Jersey
NM - New Mexico
NY - New York
NC - North Carolina
ND - North Dakota
OH - Ohio
OK - Oklahoma
OR - Oregon
PA - Pennsylvania
RI - Rhode Island
SC - South Carolina
SD - South Dakota
TN - Tennessee
TX - Texas
UT - Utah
VT - Vermont
VA - Virginia
WA - Washington
WV - West Virginia
WI - Wisconsin
WY - Wyoming
AS - American Samoa
DC - District of Columbia
FM - Federated States of Micronesia
GU - Guam
MH - Marshall Islands
MP - Northern Mariana Islands
PW - Palau
PR - Puerto Rico
VI - Virgin Islands




			EIN    
			Name    
			City    
			State    
			


 








	Copyright © 2013.  501c3Lookup.org.  All Rights Reserved.  Home | News | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use    














