


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















stuart.sackman | Blog.SHRM.org



















Skip to main content











Blog.SHRM.org



Toggle navigation





Toggle search











 



stuart.sackman




 
Bio: Stuart Sackman is Corporate Vice President of Global Product and Technology at ADP.
Screen Name: Stuart Sackman History

Member for
8 months 3 weeks






Articles by Stuart Sackman 


 Four Ways AI Can Work for Your Workforce, Not Instead of Them 
  

When you think about artificial intelligence, two competing images come to mind. One is of the friendly digital assistant who lives and travels with you—Amazon’s Alexa and Apple’s Siri—whose job is to make your life easier. The other is more menacing: the dispassionate robot who is coming to take your job. 
  
 February 17, 2017 
 Tags:  Artificial Intelligence  

 From Consumerized to Humanized: The Technology Shift that Will Change How People Work 
 
  
  
 November 9, 2016 
 Tags:  HR Technology, Technology, Engagement, Productivity  
















 






 






Stuart Sackman - Speakerpedia, Discover & Follow a World of Compelling Voices

































Log In
Sign Up












Business
Tech
Entertainment
Diversity
Health
Personal Growth
Faith
Sports
Education
Environment
Arts


                  More
                  












Home /
Speakers /
Stuart Sackman
View








Reviews Write New Review


     
         0 reviews
        

Location

New York, NY, USA







        Are you Stuart Sackman?
Claim Stuart's Profile


Report a problem with this profile

[email protected]
















                Stuart Sackman
              
                  



Corporate Vice President, Global Product and Technology, ADP




Stuart Sackman leads ADP’s Global Product and Technology (GPT) organization, overseeing both client-facing product development and internal technology (CIO/CTO) operations. Stuart ensures that the GPT team’s work aligns with ADP’s overall technology efforts and our strategic goal of becoming the world’s leading provider of Human Capital Management solutions.
Stuart joined ADP in 1992, and during his tenure has held positions with broad-ranging responsibilities across several ADP business units.
In Stuart’s previous role as Corporate Vice President and General Manager of Multinational Corporations (MNC) Services, which includes the ADP GlobalView and ADP Streamline businesses, he had direct P&L responsibility for ADP’s largest, most complicated global clients. He also played a leadership role in developing the organization’s product and marketing strategies.
Prior to heading up MNC, Stuart was the Division Vice President and General Manager of National Account Services’ East National Service Center, which provides payroll and HR services to 700+ large employers headquartered in the northeast U.S. Prior to that, he was the Senior Vice President of Product Strategy for ADP Employer Services at a time when ADP was expanding internationally very rapidly.
He also served as the Division Vice President and General Manager of eBusiness for ADP’s Major Account Services division, where he was responsible for P&L and the next generation “eXpert” suite of on-line payroll, HR and benefits solutions.
Stuart started his ADP career in business development, where he identified the market opportunity and wrote the business case for entering the Time and Labor Management (TLM) business. During his tenure as DVP and GM of TLM he successfully acquired and integrated several businesses and expanded the product line to include solutions for small, mid-size and national account employers in the U.S. and in selected markets outside of the U.S.
Stuart holds a BA in Computer Science, magna cum laude, from Brandeis University, and an MBA from Columbia Business School, where he majored in Marketing.






            Videos
            


                No videos yet.
            




Tags


Technology
Marketing,
                      Futurists,
                      Information Technology (IT),
                      Marketing and Branding,
                      Digital Marketing,
                  













            Request Information
          


 
          Add to List  







                Related Speakers View all








Po Bronson
Successful novelist, prominent writer of narrative n...







Campbell Brown
Award Winning Journalist 







Todd Bischoff








Roger Cressey
NBC Counter-terrorism Analyst & Former Presidential ...







David Ewing Duncan
Internationally Best-Selling Author & Journalist







Sir Harold Evans
Legendary Publisher & Best-Selling Author







John Forte
Singer, Songwriter & Producer







Michael Fuchs
Former Chairman/CEO of Home Box Office (HBO)







Marc Ginsberg
Former U.S. Ambassador to Morocco & Fox News corresp...







Larry Julian
Best-Selling Author, Leadership Coach & Business Expert







Meghan McCain
Political Columnist, Author & Award-Winning Blogger







Byron Pitts
CBS News Chief National Correspondent, Contributing ...







J. Zink








William K. Reilly
World Wildlife Fund Chairman Emeritus & Co-Chair, Na...







Winston Scott
Former NASA Astronaut







Tiffany Shlain
Filmmaker & Founder of the Webby Awards







Rebecca Skloot
Award Winning Science Writer, Author "The Immortal L...







Sir Howard Stringer
President, Chairman & CEO of Sony Corporation







Jonathan Tisch
Chairman & CEO of Loews Hotels, Leading Authority on...







Collins Tuohy
Subject of The Blind Side



More like Stuart 




















© 2017 Speakerpedia


About
Terms
Privacy
DMCA


















































Stuart Sackman, CTO/CIO, ADP | CXOTALK














Skip to main content

     Toggle navigation    Search formSearch       Stuart Sackman, ADP Chief Technology Officer and Chief Information OfficerBiographyStuart Sackman leads ADP’s Global Product and Technology (GPT) organization, overseeing both client-facing product development and internal technology (CIO/CTO) operations. Stuart ensures that the GPT team’s work aligns with ADP’s overall technology efforts and our strategic goal of becoming the world’s leading provider of Human Capital Management solutions.Stuart joined ADP in 1992, and during his tenure has held positions with broad-ranging responsibilities across several ADP business units.In Stuart’s previous role as Corporate Vice President and General Manager of Multinational Corporations (MNC) Services, which includes the ADP GlobalView and ADP Streamline businesses, he had direct P&L responsibility for ADP’s largest, most complicated global clients. He also played a leadership role in developing the organization’s product and marketing strategies.Prior to heading up MNC, Stuart was the Division Vice President and General Manager of National Account Services’ East National Service Center, which provides payroll and HR services to 700+ large employers headquartered in the northeast U.S. Prior to that, he was the Senior Vice President of Product Strategy for ADP Employer Services at a time when ADP was expanding internationally very rapidly.He also served as the Division Vice President and General Manager of eBusiness for ADP’s Major Account Services division, where he was responsible for P&L and the next generation “eXpert” suite of on-line payroll, HR and benefits solutions.Stuart started his ADP career in business development, where he identified the market opportunity and wrote the business case for entering the Time and Labor Management (TLM) business. During his tenure as DVP and GM of TLM he successfully acquired and integrated several businesses and expanded the product line to include solutions for small, mid-size and national account employers in the U.S. and in selected markets outside of the U.S.Stuart holds a BA in Computer Science, magna cum laude, from Brandeis University, and an MBA from Columbia Business School, where he majored in Marketing.Stuart Sackman Content   HCM and Digital Transformation, with Stuart Sackman, CTO and CIO, ADP Human capital management is at the forefront of digital change and transformation. For this episode, a senior leader from one of the largest HCM product organizations in the world shares his view of this evolving landscape.   













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 







	Stuart Sackman | Corporate Vice President, Global Product and Technology | ADP
























































































Call:
800-225-5237

Chat

GET A QUOTE













Stuart Sackman


Corporate Vice President, Global Product and Technology


Stuart Sackman leads ADP’s Global Product and Technology (GPT) organization, overseeing both client-facing product development and internal technology (CIO/CTO) operations.  Stuart ensures that the GPT team’s work aligns with ADP’s overall technology efforts and our strategic goal of becoming the world’s leading provider of Human Capital Management solutions.
Stuart joined ADP in 1992, and during his tenure has held positions with broad-ranging responsibilities across several ADP business units.
In Stuart’s previous role as Corporate Vice President and General Manager of Multinational Corporations (MNC) Services, which includes the ADP GlobalView and ADP Streamline businesses, he had direct P&L responsibility for ADP’s largest, most complicated global clients. He also played a leadership role in developing the organization’s product and marketing strategies.
Prior to heading up MNC, Stuart was the Division Vice President and General Manager of National Account Services’ East National Service Center, which provides payroll and HR services to 700+ large employers headquartered in the northeast U.S. Prior to that, he was the Senior Vice President of Product Strategy for ADP Employer Services at a time when ADP was expanding internationally very rapidly.
He also served as the Division Vice President and General Manager of eBusiness for ADP’s Major Account Services division, where he was responsible for P&L and the next generation “eXpert” suite of on-line payroll, HR and benefits solutions.
Stuart started his ADP career in business development, where he identified the market opportunity and wrote the business case for entering the Time and Labor Management (TLM) business. During his tenure as DVP and GM of TLM he successfully acquired and integrated several businesses and expanded the product line to include solutions for small, mid-size and national account employers in the U.S. and in selected markets outside of the U.S.
Stuart holds a BA in Computer Science, magna cum laude, from Brandeis University, and an MBA from Columbia Business School, where he majored in Marketing.







Meet Other ADP Leaders







                            Carlos Rodriguez
                        

                            President & Chief Executive Officer
                        

Learn More







                            John Ayala
                        

                            President, Major Account Services and ADP Canada
                        

Learn More







                            Maria Black
                        

                            President, Small Business Solutions and Human Resources Outsourcing
                        

Learn More







                            Michael Bonarti
                        

                            Corporate Vice President; General Counsel and Secretary
                        

Learn More







                            Debbie Dyson
                        

                            Corporate Vice President, Client Experience and Continuous Improvement
                        

Learn More







                            Ed Flynn
                        

                            President, Global Enterprise Solutions
                        

Learn More







                            Dermot J. O'Brien
                        

                            Chief Human Resources Officer
                        

Learn More







                            Tom Perrotti
                        

                            President, Worldwide Sales and Marketing
                        

Learn More







                            Doug Politi
                        

                            President, Added Value Services
                        

Learn More







                            Jan Siegmund
                        

                            Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
                        

Learn More







                            Don Weinstein
                        

                            Chief Strategy Officer
                        

Learn More




See All Leadership




































Executive Profile | Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (ADP) | Stuart Sackman | Customer Intelligence

































































                    Home
                  



					About Us	
                  



					Pricing	
                  



					Contact	
                  



					Resources	
                  



					Blog	
                  



Log In















 











Stuart Sackman 

		
		Corporate VP, Global Product and Technology, 

	
		 Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (ADP) 	

 
Last Updated: 01/18/2017 



Executive Summary
After spending four years at Booz Allen & Hamilton at the beginning of his career, Columbia MBA Stuart Sackman joined the corporate world in 1992 when he started at ADP in business development identifying the market opportunity, and writing the business case for, entering the Time and Labor Man 
Personal Attributes and Interests

According to a December 2015 CIO article, speaking about the technologies he thinks that needs to adapt to the 21st century, he said “It’s incredibly frustrating when my keycard becomes demagnetized…There should be a  
Current Focus

Expand talent portfolio: In January 2017, ADP acquired The Marcus Buckingham Company (TMBC), an innovator in human capital management, to bring to 
Key Challenges

"Stay agile to survive:" Sackman told CXO Talk in July 2016, "We have individual country solutions in some of the countries where we do business. So we make one change and it’s typically not affecti 
Biographical Highlights

Born c. 1961
Sackman holds a BA in computer science, magna cum laude from Brandeis University and an MBA in marketing from Columbia University - Columbia Business School. 
Other Boards and Organizations

Former Member, Information Systems Group, Booz Allen Hamilton, Inc.

 





These companies are using Boardroom Insiders to close bigger deals, faster:























View Full Samples Now!














			WATCH OUR VIDEO
			



















© 2017 Boardroom Insiders, Inc. All rights reserved. 
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.


Privacy Policy
Contact Us



















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












        ADP Names Stuart Sackman as New Tech Chief - CIO Journal. - WSJ
    



















































































































DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY








News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services.

DOW JONES

Barron's
BigCharts
DJX
Dow Jones Newswires
Factiva
Financial News
Mansion Global
MarketWatch


Newsmart
NewsPlus
Private Markets
Risk & Compliance
WSJ.com
WSJ Pro
WSJ Conference
WSJ Video



NEWS CORP

Big Decisions
Business Spectator
Checkout51
Harper Collins
New York Post
PropTiger
REA


realtor.com
Storyful
The Australian
The Sun
The Times













DJIA
▲

21799.23
0.01%



 


S&P 500
▲

2469.94
-0.22%



 


Nasdaq
▲

6376.30
-0.09%



 


U.S. 10 Yr
▲

4/32 yield
2.296%



 


Crude Oil
▲

49.64
1.22%



 


Euro
▲

1.1747
0.61%



 











Subscribe Now
Sign In





The Wall Street Journal




Sections



                    My Journal
                    
                  





Home


World


U.S.


Politics


Economy


Business


Tech


Markets


Opinion


Arts


Life


Real Estate


Today's Paper


SHOW ALL SECTIONS
HIDE ALL SECTIONS




World Home


Africa
Asia
Canada
China
Europe
Latin America
Middle East


Economy


World Video




U.S. Home


Economy
Law
New York
Politics


Real Time Economics
Washington Wire


Journal Report
U.S. Video
What's News Podcast




Politics Home


Washington Wire


Politics Video
WSJ/NBC News Poll




Economy Home


Real Time Economics


Economic Forecasting Survey
Economy Video




Business Home


Management
Tech/WSJ.D


Aerospace & Defense
Autos & Transportation
Commercial Real Estate
Consumer Products
Energy
Entrepreneurship
Financial Services
Food & Services
Health Care
Hospitality
Law
Manufacturing
Media & Marketing
Natural Resources
Retail


CFO Journal
CIO Journal
CMO Today
Logistics Report
Risk & Compliance


Heard on the Street


Business Video
Journal Report
Business Podcast




Tech Home


CIO Journal


Geoffrey Fowler
Christopher Mims
Joanna Stern
Li Yuan


Billion Dollar Startup Club
Tech Video
Tech Podcast
Startup Stock Trader




Markets Home


Bonds
Commercial Real Estate
Commodities & Futures
Currencies
Deals
Financial Services
Funds
Stocks
Your Money


Heard on the Street
MoneyBeat
Wealth Adviser
Ahead of the Tape


CFO Journal
Journal Report
Market Data
Markets Video
Markets Podcast
MoneyBeat Podcast
Watching Your Wealth Podcast




Opinion Home


James Freeman
William A. Galston
Daniel Henninger
Holman W. Jenkins
William McGurn
Peggy Noonan
Mary Anastasia O'Grady
Jason Riley
Kimberley A. Strassel


Books
Film
Television
Theater
Art
Masterpiece Series
Music
Dance
Opera
Exhibition
Cultural Commentary


Editorials
Commentary
Letters to the Editor
The Weekend Interview
Potomac Watch Podcast
Foreign Edition Podcast
Opinion Video
Notable & Quotable
Best of the Web Newsletter
Morning Editorial Report Newsletter




Arts Home


Books
Film
Television
Theater
Art
Masterpiece Series


Arts Video
WSJ. Magazine




Life Home


Careers
Cars
Food & Drink
Health
Ideas
Real Estate
Science
Sports
Style & Fashion
Travel


Life Video
WSJ. Magazine
WSJ Puzzles
The Future of Everything




Real Estate Home


Commercial Real Estate
House of the Day
Mansion


Real Estate Video





HIDE ALL SECTIONS





Aim higher, reach further.

                Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks.
                Subscribe Now


Sign In


Reveal Navigation Options



Subscribe
Sign In





















                                Amazon’s Expansion Costs Take a Toll
                              











                                Trump Comments on U.S. Factories Make It Awkward for Apple
                              











                                An Electric Maserati? Fiat Chrysler CEO Says It’s on the Way
                              











                                China’s Next Target: U.S. Microchip Hegemony
                              











                                Shell Prepares for ‘Lower Forever’ Oil Prices
                              











                                Uber Approaches GE CEO Jeff Immelt About Top Role
                              











                                Glencore Under Probe Over Congo Payments
                              











                                Chinese Billionaire Scales Down His Hollywood Dreams
                              











                                Intel Finds Room to Boost Revenue
                              











                                United Therapeutics in Settlement Talks With Justice Department
                              











                                Procter & Gamble, Activist Spar Over Latest Results
                              











                                LinkedIn Case Tests Whether Firms Can Use Your Data
                              











                                Samsung Is Closing In on Apple as World’s Most Profitable Tech Firm
                              











                                ‘Unlimited’ Boosts Verizon Subscribers
                              











                                AstraZeneca Shares Dive After Major Setback Over Cancer Drugs
                              











                                UPS Expects Retailers to Pay Up for Christmas Deliveries
                              











                                Air France Says Delta, China Eastern Each Acquiring 10% of Its Shares
                              











                                Bud Light Turnaround Falling Flat; U.S. Market Is Tough for AB InBev
                              











                                Toyota’s Cure for EV Range Anxiety: A Better Battery
                              











                                Toshiba Bankruptcy Filing Pushed by Some Involved in Workout
                              











                                Starbucks Brews Stronger U.S. Sales Growth
                              











                                Era of Jumbo Jet Nears End as Airbus Slashes A380 Production
                              











                                Diageo Earnings Gain on Higher Prices, Wider Profit Margins
                              











                                Twitter’s Election-Fueled Growth Fizzles
                              











                                The Wireless Horse Race
                              











                                Anglo American’s Profit Surge Bodes Well for Miners
                              











                                House Panel Clears Self-Driving-Car Bill
                              











                                Court Rules Against Politician Who Banned Access to Her Facebook Page
                              











                                New York Times Sees Jump in Digital Advertising Revenue
                              











                                Halliburton to Settle SEC Allegations Over Angola Payments
                              











                                Germany Recalls Porsche Models It Says Have Defeat Devices
                              













































 

                        Small
                      


 

                        Medium
                      


 

                        Large
                      








Save Article
Sign In to Save
Subscribe to WSJ
















Next Story >



CIO Journal.




ADP Names Stuart Sackman as New Tech Chief






By

Clint Boulton



                    Mar 18, 2015 3:49 pm  ET
                  





ADP Inc.
Stuart Sackman, ADP’s corporate vice president of global product and technology


ADP has promoted Stuart Sackman to the role of corporate vice president of global product and technology.



                      To Read the Full Story
                    


                        Subscribe
                      

                        Sign In
                      











Previous
Hot Tech Startup Is...Uncle Sam!



Next
Bumble Bee IT Addresses Growing Consumers' Demand for Knowledge of Their Food

 
















Most Popular Videos









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves









John McCain Casts Deciding Vote to Defeat Health Bill






Most Popular Articles








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many 








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers 








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old! 








Japan Slaps 50% Tariff on Some U.S. Beef 


















Content from our sponsor
Deloitte
CIO Insights and Analysis from Deloitte


Illuminate Insights With Dark Analytics
Few organizations have been able to explore nontraditional data sources such as image, audio, and video files; information generated by the internet of things; and the enormous troves of raw data found in the unexplored recesses of the deep web. Recent advances in computer vision, pattern recognition, and cognitive analytics make it possible for companies to shine a light on these untapped sources and derive more useful insights.


Please note: The Wall Street Journal News Department was not involved in the creation of the content above.
More from Deloitte →









              Popular on WSJ
            








Most Popular Videos









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves









John McCain Casts Deciding Vote to Defeat Health Bill






Most Popular Articles








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many 








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers 








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old! 








Japan Slaps 50% Tariff on Some U.S. Beef 


















        
        
        
        
        
           
             
               
             
           
        
          
            
              
            
          
        
          
            
              
            
          
        
          
            
              
            
          
        
        
          
            
            
              
            
            
              Save Article
              Sign In to Save
              Subscribe to WSJ
            
          
        
           
             
               
             
           
           
             
               
             
           
        
        
        
        
          
          
            
              
            
            
              Text Size
          
              
              
                          

                Small
              
          
              
              
                          

                Medium
              
          
              
              
                          

                Large
              
            
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
            
              
                
                  
                    
                      
                    
                    Print
                  
                
                
                  
                    
                      
                    
                    Facebook
                  
                
                
                  
                    
                      
                    
                    Twitter
                  
                
                
                  
                    
                      
                    
                    WhatsApp
                  
                
          
                
                  
                    
                      
                    
                    SMS
                  
                
          
          
                
                  
                    
                      
                    
                    Copy Link
                  
                
          
              
          
              
                
              
          
            
          
          
          
        
        


































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started












































Stuart Sackman (2015) - STEMconnector

















































































 







STEMconnector

 








Navigation



Home
About Us

About Us
The Team
Join Us


Initiatives

STEM Food & Ag Council
STEM Innovation Task Force
Million Women Mentors

MWM Summit & Awards 2017


STEM Higher Education Council
Global STEM Talent Summit
Day of Design


News

STEMdaily
Blog
Town Hall

Proven Strategies to Prepare Students for CS Careers




Publications

Publications & Resources
100 Leaders in STEM

100 CEOs in STEM (2016)
100 CTOs/CIOS in STEM




Membership

Become a Member
Sponsors & Partners


Calendar
Contact
 Search















 


Stuart Sackman (2015) 



Stuart Sackman leads ADP’s Global Product and Technology (GPT) organization, overseeing both client-facing product development and internal technology (CIO/CTO) operations.  Stuart ensures that the GPT team’s work aligns with ADP’s overall technology efforts and our strategic goal of becoming the world’s leading provider of Human Capital Management solutions.
 
Stuart joined ADP in 1992, and during his tenure has held positions with broad-ranging responsibilities across several ADP business units.
 
In Stuart’s previous role as Corporate Vice President and General Manager of Multinational Corporations (MNC) Services, which includes the ADP GlobalView and ADP Streamline businesses, he had direct P&L responsibility for ADP’s largest, most complicated global clients. He also played a leadership role in developing the organization’s product and marketing strategies.
 
Prior to heading up MNC, Stuart was the Division Vice President and General Manager of National Account Services’ East National Service Center, which provides payroll and HR services to 700+ large employers headquartered in the northeast U.S. Prior to that, he was the Senior Vice President of Product Strategy for ADP Employer Services at a time when ADP was expanding internationally very rapidly.
 
He also served as the Division Vice President and General Manager of eBusiness for ADP’s Major Account Services division, where he was responsible for P&L and the next generation “eXpert” suite of on-line payroll, HR and benefits solutions.
 
Stuart started his ADP career in business development, where he identified the market opportunity and wrote the business case for entering the Time and Labor Management (TLM) business. During his tenure as DVP and GM of TLM he successfully acquired and integrated several businesses and expanded the product line to include solutions for small, mid-size and national account employers in the U.S. and in selected markets outside of the U.S.
 
Stuart holds a BA in Computer Science, magna cum laude, from Brandeis University, and an MBA from Columbia Business School, where he majored in Marketing.
Company SypnosisEmployers around the world rely on ADP® (NASDAQ: ADP) for cloud-based solutions and services to help manage their most important asset – their people.  From human resources and payroll to talent management to benefits administration, ADP brings unmatched depth and expertise in helping clients build a better workforce.  A pioneer in Human Capital Management (HCM) and business process outsourcing, ADP serves more than 625,000 clients in more than 100 countries.  ADP.com.
Narrative EssayAs the head of ADP’s Global Product & Technology (GPT) organization, I occupy a fairly uncommon dual role: overseeing both our go-to-market products as well as our internal information structure. This began with my predecessor, who saw that there was tremendous synergy in combining the traditional Chief Product Officer and Chief Information Officer roles.
The GPT approach is more holistic, focused on products and R&D in addition to infrastructure. And it’s an exciting place to be right now.
Why? Because the first 66 years of ADP were largely defined by service – ADP associates solved problems and performed routine tasks for our clients – but the next 66 years will be defined by what we’re able to do with technology.
SUBHEAD: BUILDING STEM TALENT FOR TOMORROW’S WORKFORCE
Establishing a technology culture, and building the right talent to help drive the vision, is hugely important.
With the pace of change in technology, we are moving rapidly to become a more technology-led company.  Our clients expect their enterprise technology to behave more like consumer technology –easy to use, predictive, ubiquitous, personalized – and we need to deliver in order to ensure our market success.
Our push on innovation has our organization growing near the same rate as ADP’s overall revenue, and we will continue this focus on building talent and technology leadership to drive product breakthroughs and reinforce the culture that we’re developing.  We’re designing our next-generation products on a platform leveraging state-of-the-art technologies, and we’re looking for people with strong technical training who are self-starters and problem solvers and prepared to help us accelerate our pace of innovation.
We’re also upskilling our staff through training and hiring, implementing “agile” software development, redesigning our workplaces across geographies, and evaluating recruiting practices and rewards to allow us to build a team that will reinforce the technology culture and deliver business results.  STEM graduates are crucial to all of this.
SUBHEAD: TECHNOLOGY, BUSINESS, AND STEM
We will push on a number of technologies going forward, with two of special interest to the STEM community.
First, “big data.” This term means a lot of things to a lot of people, but at ADP the meaning is very clear: leveraging our enormous data-set (36 million anonymized and aggregated employee records) to provide insights and solutions to our clients. This means building big-data capabilities into our solutions so that analytics aren’t a separate activity.
For instance, as a Human Resources executive is initiating a decision process, big-data analytics can help spotlight the information he or she may need, in real time, to help make a better decision. Maybe something as simple as, in a hiring process, the analytics kick in to let the executive know, “Here are the most successful skill sets for that position,” or “Your trend lines suggest that you may want to hire multiple people for that position,” and this is all running in the background.
For STEM students, this calls for a combination of art and science. We’re recruiting for data scientists, people who have the training and aptitude to recognize the patterns in data that enable those insights. This is not simple math; it requires a computer science background plus statistics and visualization skills, which is where the art comes in.
The second main area of interest is in apps. Just like you download useful apps onto your smartphone, businesspeople are expecting the same experience with the systems they use at work.
ADP, like many companies, has begun providing this capability – specifically, a “marketplace” where our clients can access specific business apps developed by both us and our partners.
Let’s say we or one of our partners invents a new way to do performance reviews. An HR executive should be able to easily download that new capability from our Marketplace and add it to the company’s toolset and use it within its existing Human Capital Management system.
Congratulations to STEM students who are already building and publishing apps – this activity has introduced you to what it means to create something that’s operational and easy for people to download, use, and gain value from.
In today’s world, creating apps is a great way to get started and get exposed to the experience of running a business.  You have to think about your target market, creating a positive user experience, how you provide updates and upgrades, how you communicate the value of the app, and ensure that the app is useful – otherwise no one will download it! That’s exactly what we’re trying to do: build things that are useful and that people want to use.
And that’s why ADP is proud to be associated with the STEMconnector program. We’re very excited to meet the next generation of STEM achievers.


 
 
 
 












Stuart Sackman (2015) - STEMconnector










































Type and Press “enter” to Search





 
 
 

 



X
















