

10-Q: SAFECODE DRUG TECHNOLOGIES CORP. - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,792
-4.25
-0.02%






Nasdaq

6,358
-24.44
-0.38%






S&P 500

2,467
-8.28
-0.33%









11:02 A.M. ET


Updated
      Europe’s refugee crisis won’t be solved in a distant court
                                





 
11:00 A.M. ET


                                  What Trump could do to make Obamacare ‘implode’
                                





 
10:58 A.M. ET


Updated
      Foxconn’s history of broken promises casts a shadow on Wisconsin news
                                





 
10:56 A.M. ET


Updated
      Here’s something that can improve your memory — and help you sleep
                                





 
10:55 A.M. ET


Updated
      $1 million or $5,000 a month: which would you choose?
                                





 
10:55 A.M. ET


Updated
      This city’s subway system will soon run mostly on renewable energy
                                





 
10:54 A.M. ET


Updated
      How do I get a reverse mortgage?
                                





 
10:49 A.M. ET


                                  John McCain Casts Deciding Vote to Defeat Health Bill
                                





 
10:49 A.M. ET


Updated
      When should you make ‘course corrections’ to your retirement plan?
                                





 
10:48 A.M. ET


                                  Invisalign maker Align stocks surge 8% after earnings blow past estimates
                                





 
10:46 A.M. ET


                                  Nasdaq off 0.3% at 6,359
                                





 
10:46 A.M. ET


                                  Dow trades flat at 21,790; S&P 500 off 0.4% at 2,466
                                





 
10:46 A.M. ET


Breaking
      Dow briefly turns positive as stock market pares opening loss
                                





 
10:41 A.M. ET


                                  Japan slaps 50% tariff on U.S. frozen beef, first such action in 14 years
                                





 
10:37 A.M. ET


                                  Packing the Pounds Back on Pigs
                                





 
10:33 A.M. ET


Updated
      FDA says it plans to lower nicotine in cigarettes to non-addictive levels
                                





 
10:30 A.M. ET


Updated
      Dollar turns lower for the week following GDP report
                                





 
10:29 A.M. ET


Updated
      Set yourself up to get the most out of retirement
                                





 
10:29 A.M. ET


Updated
      Tesla earnings: Will Model 3 live up to the hype?
                                





 
10:29 A.M. ET


                                  Bitcoin prices rise as Ether extends recent weakness
                                





 








































Log In















 


Until London Markets Close

Currencies
Futures
Metals Stocks














Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-Q: SAFECODE DRUG TECHNOLOGIES CORP.
    








    By

Published: Aug 13, 2013 1:04 p.m. ET

Share






















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operations.  As used in this Form 10-Q, references to the "SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp ," Company," "we," "our" or "us" refer to SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp . Unless the context otherwise indicates.  Forward-Looking Statements  The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, which are included elsewhere in this Form 10-Q (the "Report"). This Report contains forward-looking statements which relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as "may," "should," "expects," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "predicts," "potential" or "continue" or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our or our industry's actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.  For a description of such risks and uncertainties refer to our Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. While these forward-looking statements, and any assumptions upon which they are based, are made in good faith and reflect our current judgment regarding the direction of our business, actual results will almost always vary, sometimes materially, from any estimates, predictions, projections, assumptions or other future performance suggested herein. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results.  Corporate Background  We were incorporated in Delaware on November 23, 2010 and are a development stage company. On December 15, 2010, we entered into an exclusive Assignment agreement with Mr. Uri Tagger, inventor, in relation to a patent-pending invention for a voice-enabled protector for administering medicine. The assigned technology has the potential to be adopted as a standard in all hospitals and care centers, for improving the safety of medication administration. Specifically, the invention is intended to match drug name voice templates as a threshold mechanism for unlocking a medication container such as a syringe or pill box. This invention is intended to help minimize accidentally administering the wrong medication to a patient by requiring a care-giver, such as a doctor or a nurse, to verbally announce the name of the medication that should be administered. If the medicine does not match the verbally announced name of the medication the medicine cannot be administered.  The patent-pending technology was transferred to SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp. by Mr. Uri Tagger (inventor), in exchange for a commitment to pay 10% of future royalties on any revenues we may derive from the patent. This agreement was executed on December 15, 2010.  The assigned patent-pending technology for a voice-enabled protector for administering medicine, is intended to feature several components Including; a drug name identifier; a computer readable medium containing a stored template that identifies the drug trade name, the compound name, etc.; a processing unit capable of sending the stored voice templates to a computer, and a software application hosted on a computer system. The computer will have standard equipment such as a motherboard, keyboard, mouse, monitor, etc. but also have a microphone capable of receiving voice commands and recording the voice templates against which the voice commands are compared.  The computer to be used with the technology will be required to have Internet capabilities including an internal modem or a connection to a modem and Internet access to enable the program to access a central repository of stored voice templates of drug brand names, generic brand names, or a combination of both. The audio recording program should include voice recognition software for interacting with the microphone and to record the voice templates.  We plan to license the patent to a third-party to design, manufacture, and market the device against an initial payment to us and a percentage licensing agreement to be paid quarterly.  Our Business  We were incorporated in Delaware on November 23, 2010 and are a development stage company. An Assignment agreement was signed between Mr. Uri Tagger (the inventor) and SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp., for a patent-pending technology for a voice-enabled protector for administering medicine on December 15, 2010. This agreement granted SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp. exclusive rights, title and interest in and to the invention. All Intellectual Property rights, free and clear of any lien, charge, claim, preemptive rights, etc. for the invention.  We purchased the patent-pending technology from the inventor, an individual with limited experience in the field of medicinal devices. The inventor is engaged in the business of web-based media applications, and due to a lack of funds and the risk that a product based on the patent application would not be commercially feasible, he has neither developed the technology that is the subject of the patent application nor attempted to commercialize the patent application prior to selling the technology to us. A prototype of our proposed product has not yet been manufactured to test the capabilities of the potential product, and no testing has yet been performed regarding the ability of the proposed product to perform as expected or regarding the reliability or cost-effectiveness of such a product. Except for having purchased the patent application from the inventor, we do not have any relationship with the inventor.  The SafeCode Drug Technologies technology has the potential to be adopted as a standard in all hospitals and care centers, for improving the safety of medication administration. Specifically, the invention is intended to match drug name voice templates as a threshold mechanism for unlocking a medication container such as a syringe or pill box. This invention is intended to help minimize accidentally administering the wrong medication to a patient by requiring a care-giver such as a doctor or a nurse, to verbally announce the name of the medication that should be administered. If the medicine does not match the verbal name the medicine cannot be administered.  The technology was transferred to SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp. by Mr. Uri Tagger (inventor), in exchange for 10% of future royalties on any income the company may derive from the patent.  The proposed product based on our invention will focus on the use of voice recognition technology to ensure the right drug / pill vial / box is being opened and administered to the patient. It will include both hardware and software components. It may include a barcode that identifies the patient for whom the medication is intended, a drug identifier, a computer readable medium containing a stored template that identifies the drug trade name, the compound name, etc. a processing unit capable of sending the stored voice templates to a computer, and a software application hosted on a computer system. The computer will have standard equipment such as a motherboard, keyboard, mouse, monitor etc. but will also have a microphone capable of receiving voice commands and recording the voice templates against which the voice commands area compared. The exact components of the final product will be determined by the manufacturer who licenses the invention from SafeCode. In the event the licensee determines it necessary or beneficial to use a barcode identification system for the patient matching safety feature in addition to the voice recognition component to ensure the right drug is being administered, that is integral to our technology offering, the manufacturer will need to license the rights to Patent # 7,347,841 from MediSafe1 Technology Corp.  The computer should have Internet capabilities including an internal modem or a connection to a modem and Internet access to enable the program to access a central repository of stored voice templates of drug brand names, generic brand names, or a combination of both. The audio recording program should include voice recognition software for interacting with the microphone and to record the voice templates.  We intend that the software will be developed by third party contractors. Other components will either be outsourced or purchased from suppliers of standard computer equipment and configured to work with our software.  Though not considered part of the actual product, we envision care centers and hospitals placing our product on a mobile cart that can be moved with the nurses or caregivers as they move from room to room. Similar to blood pressure machines, our device would be taken from room to room to dispense medicine.  Since the software program has not yet been developed, it is not yet possible to determine the exact nature of how the protection system will work in its final development or to determine the costs involved in developing the product. A voice detection microchip system will be included such that the caregiver will be required to state the name of the medication being administered to be matched against stored voice recognition templates within the program.  This system will include a microchip sensor with voice recognition software and an electromagnetic locking device that will interface with the microchip sensor. To use our proposed product, the care provider will be required to read aloud the name of the patient and the name of the medicine. Upon a match of the patient name with the correct medicine, the microchip sensor will send an electronic alert to the electromagnetic locking device to unlock the storage container.  Since different drugs would need to be stored in their own locked containers, each medication would need to be stored in a separate locked drug container, connected to the microchip sensor and electromagnetic locking device.  One disadvantage of our product is that it is not intended for emergency situations in which medications must be administered without delay. Firm instructions not to use this product in emergency situations will be included because our product is not intended for use in such an environment, both because of the time factor and because of additional pressures on staff at such times.  While there is always an element of human error when dealing with a system requiring human interaction, we intend for safety mechanisms to be included in the software. For example, we intend for the product to include confirmation screens that will require the human operator to confirm stages within the operation and voice assignments. One of the criteria for finding a proper third party partner will be whether it has prior experience in developing software for the medical industry.  Since the goal of the product is to help avoid error, the important element of the software will be the inclusion of safety factors to confirm that the correct medicine is being opened.  The design and development of a commercial product will be carried out by 3 rd party partners who agree to license the design and pay a portion of future royalties to maintain the license on an ongoing basis.  Our ideal third party partner will have extensive experience in software development, in the medical industry in general, and in the drug industry in particular. We plan to initially promote our technology to drug manufacturers. Of the top 49 drug manufacturers, almost half are located in the United States, with others located in Europe, Asia, and Israel (source:  On November 15, 2012, the Company entered into a license agreement with Medisafe 1 Technologies Corp., a Delaware corporation and a public reporting company engaged in the development of medical technology products. Pursuant to the License Agreement, Safecode, as licensee, has been granted a non - exclusive perpetual license to manufacture, market and otherwise commercially exploit world-wide Medisafe's patented device for administering medicine in correct dosages to the correct patient . The License Agreement provides that as consideration for the license, Safecode will issue to Medisafe 10,000,000 shares of its common stock. The stock was valued at the market value of $1,800,000 on the date issued.  On November 26, 2012, the Company entered into a share exchange agreement with Biomedix Incubator, an Israeli company and a shareholder of Gefen Biomed Investments, a publicly traded Isareali company. The Company issued 1,082,851 shares to Biomedix Incubator and received in return 921,790 shares of Gefen Biomed Investments. The shares were valued at $194,913 which was the market price of the Company's shares on the date of the exchange. The investment in Gefen is less than 4.9% of Gefen's outstanding stock.  Employees  Other than our current Directors and officers, we have three part-time employees.  Transfer Agent  We have engaged Nevada Agency and Trust as our stock transfer agent. Nevada Agency and Trust is located at 50 West Liberty Street, Reno, Nevada 89501. Their telephone number is (775) 322-0626 and their fax number is (775) 322-5623. The transfer agent is responsible for all record-keeping and administrative functions in connection with our issued and outstanding common stock.  Plan of Operation  We are a development stage company that has acquired a patent-pending technology for a voice-enabled protector for administering medicine. We do not have any plans to manufacture or develop our product. Rather, we plan to license the patent-pending technology to one or more third party partners who will be responsible for designing, developing, manufacturing, and selling their product, branded with their corporate identity as they determine best fits their sales program. In exchange for this licensing agreement, the partner or partners will agree to pay to SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp. an upfront fee and royalties on an ongoing basis.  To accomplish this, we plan to engage in a determined marketing and promotional campaign to identify and target potential partners. For this purpose, we plan:  Preparatory Stage (3 months): includes the development of marketing materials about the design patent; the potential benefits and market.  Identify Target Partners (1 month): We anticipate this stage will take approximately 1 month, as we believe it best to create a detailed priority list rather than simply target one company at a time. We will analyze the benefits of each company as potential partners measured against the efforts we believe we can expect them to take and confirm we are prepared to approach and negotiate with such partners. We may need to hire third party business consultants for this purpose or our Directors and Officers may undertake this effort.  Marketing to Potential 3 rd Party Partners (6 months): This will involve hiring marketing consultants and strategists to contact potential development partners and negotiate licensing agreements with them. We are open to signing many agreements in non-competing geographical areas or to signing more global cross-area agreements to cover many regions at once. We anticipate this could take up to 6 months, but may take longer or shorter depending on the efforts of the marketing team.  The Company in q1 2012 raised gross proceeds of $100,000 and is currently seeking currently to identify target Partners and also seeking Companies to manufacture a prototype of the patent pending technology.  The Company has concurrently entered into an agreement with a US - ISRAELI marketing consulting Co called, Strategic Marketing Technologies Corp, whereby they will assist Safecode Drug Technologies Corp to conceptualize and manufacture a prototype of its patent pending medical product for a demonstration and the possible market penetration into the US Department of Defense. The project is estimated to be completed over a period of 6-9 months and will cost $53,000 payable in milestones over the related period.  On November 15, 2012, the Company entered into a license agreement with Medisafe 1 Technologies Corp., a Delaware corporation and a public reporting company engaged in the development of medical technology products. Pursuant to the License Agreement, Safecode, as licensee, has been granted a non - exclusive perpetual license to manufacture, market and otherwise commercially exploit world-wide Medisafe's patented device for administering medicine in correct dosages to the correct patient . The License Agreement provides that as consideration for the license, Safecode will issue to Medisafe 10,000,000 shares of its common stock. The stock was valued at the market value of $1,800,000 on the date issued.  On November 26, 2012, the Company entered into a share exchange agreement with Biomedix Incubator, an Israeli company and a shareholder of Gefen Biomed Investments, a publicly traded Isareali company. The Company issued 1,082,851 shares to Biomedix Incubator and received in return 921,790 shares of Gefen Biomed Investments. The shares were valued at $194,913 which was the market price of the Company's shares on the date of the exchange. The investment in Gefen is less than 4.9% of Gefen's outstanding stock.  On January 20, 2013, the Company entered into a technology transfer and sale agreement with Sindolor Medical Ltd. Pursuant to the Agreement the Company acquired all rights and title to certain products and technologies in consideration of a $110,000 convertible note.  General Working Capital  We have raised as of today $100,000 in gross proceeds pursuant to the effective Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission .  Liquidity and Capital Resources  Our balance sheet as June 30 2013 reflects cash/marketable securities in the amount of $482. Cash and cash equivalents from inception to date have been sufficient to provide the operating capital necessary to operate to date. The operating expenses and net loss for the six months ended June 30 2013 and June 30 2012 amounted to $799,563, and $16,283 respectively . The increase in the operating expenses are a result of equity compensation expense.  On November 5, 2012, the Company signed a $32,500 convertible promissory note with a third party. The note bears interest at 8% per annum and is due on August 5, 2013. The note has conversion rights that allow the holder of the note to convert after 180 days all or any part of the remaining principal balance into the Company's common stock at a price equal to 51% of the average of the lowest three trading prices for the Common Stock during the most recent ten day period.  On January 2, 2013, the Company signed a $50,000 convertible promissory note with a third party. The note bears interest at 8% per annum and is due on October 2, 2013. The note has conversion rights that allow the holder of the note to convert after 180 days all or any part of the remaining principal balance into the Company's common stock at a price equal to 51% of the average of the lowest three trading prices for the Common Stock during the most recent ten day period.  On January 20, 2013, the Company signed a $110,000 convertible promissory note with a third party. The note bears interest at 10% per annum and is due on September 10, 2013. The note has conversion rights that allow the holder of the note to convert after 180 days all or any part of the remaining principal balance into the Company's common stock at a price equal to 90% of the average of the lowest two trading prices for the Common Stock during the most recent twenty day period.  In accordance with ASC 470, the Company has analyzed the beneficial nature of the conversion terms and determined that a beneficial conversion feature (BCF) exists. The Company calculated the value of the BCF using the intrinsic method as stipulated in ASC 470. The BCF has been recorded as a discount to the notes payable and to Additional Paid-in Capital.  As of June 30, 2013, the balance of convertible notes payable was $140,007 net of unamortized discounts of $20,933  For the six months ended June 30, 2013 the Company has recognized $8,102 in interest expense related to these notes and has amortized $66,943 of the beneficial conversion features which has been recorded as interest expense.  Going Concern Consideration  Our auditors have issued an opinion on our annual financial statements which includes a statement describing our going concern status. This means that there is substantial doubt that we can continue as an on-going business for the next twelve months unless we obtain additional capital to pay our bills and meet our other financial obligations. This is because we have not generated any revenues and no revenues are anticipated until we begin marketing the product. Accordingly, we must raise capital from sources other than the actual sale of the product. We must raise capital to implement our project and stay in business.  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  We have no off-balance sheet arrangements.  Aug 13, 2013  (c) 1995-2013 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


A case for buying the freakin’ dip with Amazon, as the Mooch might now say


U.S. GDP speeds up to 2.6% in 2nd quarter


Jeff Bezos was the richest person in the world, for half a day















Most Popular





The dark side of cruises





Coca-Cola to replace Coke Zero in U.S.





Dow ends at record, but tech slump weighs on S&P 500, Nasdaq





If you can buy only one stock or ETF, make it this one





How to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 























 Stock Quotes and Investment Research  -- Quicken® Investing Center







| Quicken
















 












Skip to main content






Quicken Logo




Quicken Logo








United StatesCanada

 



            Cart            



Sign InMy Account
Investment Portfolio

 









You are here









Loading... 












MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin






Investor Alert







London Markets Close in:



Currencies
Futures
Metals Stocks


















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



U.S. Economy


U.S. Politics


Earnings


Sales


Aerospace


Ice




Markets


Production


Iraq


Russia


Oil


United Kingdom




Europe


European Markets


London Markets


Health Care


Income


Insurance






People in the news



Jones, Edward


Trump, Donald


Woods, Tiger


Buffett, Warren


Putnam, George


Clinton, Bill




Obama, Barack


Putin, Vladimir


Tillerson, Rex


Washington, George


Ryan, James


Walker, David




West, David


Williams, James


Gray, John


Clooney, George


Cruise, Tom


Jolie, Angelina






Companies in the news



Northrop Grumman Corp.


International Data Group


New York Mercantile Exchange


American International Group


Health Care Insurance


Miners




Metal Exchange


Target Corp.


United National


Performance


News Corp.


Jones




Oppenheimer


International Industries


Transport Service


Capital One Financial


Apple Inc.


eBay Inc.






Organizations in the news



American Petroleum Institute


European Union


OPEC


Education Department


Transportation Department


European Central Bank




Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Congress


Public Service Commission


Securities and Exchange Commission


Baseball


Nasdaq Stock Market




Consumers Union


World Bank


Council on Foreign Relations


Security Council


Senate


Boston College












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




11:04 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
11:03aEurope’s refugee crisis won’t be solved in a distant court
11:01aWhat Trump could do to make Obamacare ‘implode’
10:58aFoxconn’s history of broken promises casts a shadow on Wisconsin news
10:56aHere’s something that can improve your memory — and help you sleep
10:56a$1 million or $5,000 a month: which would you choose?
10:55aThis city’s subway system will soon run mostly on renewable energy
10:55aHow do I get a reverse mortgage?
10:49aWhen should you make ‘course corrections’ to your retirement plan?
10:49aJohn McCain Casts Deciding Vote to Defeat Health Bill
10:48aInvisalign maker Align stocks surge 8% after earnings blow past estimates
10:47aDow trades flat at 21,790; S&P 500 off 0.4% at 2,466
10:47aNasdaq off 0.3% at 6,359
10:46aBREAKINGDow briefly turns positive as stock market pares opening loss
10:41aJapan slaps 50% tariff on U.S. frozen beef, first such action in 14 years
10:37aPacking the Pounds Back on Pigs
10:34aBREAKINGFDA says it plans to lower nicotine in cigarettes to non-addictive levels
10:30aDollar turns lower for the week following GDP report
10:30aSet yourself up to get the most out of retirement
10:30aTesla earnings: Will Model 3 live up to the hype?
10:29aBitcoin prices rise as Ether extends recent weakness
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,792.30

-4.25
-0.02%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,357.74

-24.44
-0.38%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,467.14

-8.28
-0.33%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15





















































SAFC Stock Quote - SafeCode-Drug-Technologies-Corp Summary - Quicken® Investing Center







| Quicken
















 












Skip to main content






Quicken Logo




Quicken Logo








United StatesCanada

 



            Cart            



Sign InMy Account
Investment Portfolio

 









You are here









Loading... 






























 



 SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp. in Negotiations With Manufacturers to Develop Prototype 
         










    









 






 











 









SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp. in Negotiations With Manufacturers to Develop Prototype

Nov 08, 2012, 09:00 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Safecode Drug Technologies Corp. 











 
















































 

 




















 


JERUSALEM, November 8, 2012 /PRNewswire/ --
SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp. (OTCBB: SAFC), a developer of patent-pending voice recognition technology that reduces the risks of errors during the administration of prescription medications, the company is in negotiations with several manufacturers for the development of the company's first product prototype.
A video demonstration of the product applications can be viewed at http://youtube/PEy9ygT6jaA.
SafeCode is the developer of the world's first patent-protected voice recognition technology used to confirm prescription medications prior to their administration at home or in a medical center.  
Using SafeCode technology, prescription medications stored in specially designed locked containers can only be accessed and administered once the caregiver or patient correctly announces the name of the drug.
The technology ensures that the appropriate medication is being administered, as mistakes have accounted for thousands of deaths in recent years.  Often, nurses, doctors or patients are not careful when giving or taking medications and much medication's packaging may look similar. SafeCode Technology prevents medication errors, and thereby reduces the risk of severe injury or accidental death.
"We are hopeful that a contract with a manufacturer will be signed in the coming weeks, enabling us to build our first product prototype," said Joel Klopfer, Chief Executive Officer of SafeCode Drug Technologies.  "There is a large addressable market for this technology due to the thousands of deaths each year related to medication errors."
About SafeCode Drug Technologies
SafeCode Drug Technologies is the developer of a patent-pending voice recognition technology that provides an essential degree of security that can effectively prevent unauthorized administration of a prescription medication.  
Forward-Looking Statements
This letter contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended. All forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain, based on current expectations and assumptions concerning future events or future performance of SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp., and its technologies. In evaluating such statements, prospective investors should review carefully various risks and uncertainties identified in this release, as actual results may differ materially from those indicated.  SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp. public filings may be viewed at http://www.sec.gov.
Contact:
Joel Klopfer
Joel.Klofer1@gmail.com
+9722-5021322
 SOURCE  Safecode Drug Technologies Corp.  




  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Dec 05, 2012, 17:00 ET
Preview: SafeCode Drug Technologies Corporation Identifies the Technology Group to Commence and Develop the World's First Prototype for its Next Generation Application for Drug Safety Administration













Nov 01, 2012, 09:00 ET
Preview: SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp. Begins Trading on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












 SAFECODE DRUG TECHNOLOGIES CORP. (Form: 10-K, Received: 03/25/2013 06:10:27) 













	 



	U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION




	Washington, D.C. 20549



	 



	FORM 10-K



	 


	 



	ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
	OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES




	EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934



	 



	For the fiscal year ended December 31,
	2012



	 



	SAFECODE DRUG TECHNOLOGIES CORP



	(Exact name of small business issuer as
	specified in its charter)


	 






	Delaware




	 



	99-0362482






	(State of incorporation)



	 



	(IRS Employer ID Number)





	 


	c/o Joel Klopfer


	6 Meever HaMiltah Street


	Jerusalem 97761, Israel


	Phone number: 972-507839976


	Fax number:972-507839976


	 


	Securities registered pursuant to Section
	12(b) of the Exchange Act:


	None


	 


	Securities registered pursuant to Section
	12(g) of the Exchange Act:


	Common Stock, $0.0001 par value


	 


	Indicate by check mark if the registrant
	is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.



	Yes  


	o


	      No  


	x



	 


	Indicate by check mark if the registrant
	is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.



	Yes  


	o


	     No  


	x



	 



	Indicate
	by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
	Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
	has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes


	x


	   No


	o



	 



	Indicate
	by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this chapter) is not
	contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
	incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.    


	o



	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
	is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of
	“large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2
	of the Exchange Act. (Check one):


	 







	Large accelerated filer   


	¨



	 



	Accelerated filer  


	o






	Non-accelerated filer    


	o



	 



	Smaller reporting company   


	x






	(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)



	 


	 





	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
	is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).


	Yes

	¨

	   No

	x



	 


	The number of shares of the issuer’s
	common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2012, was 76,082,851 shares.


	 


	The aggregate market value of the Company’s
	Common Stock as of the last business trading day of the prior fiscal year was $13,600,000 based on $0.18 per share.


	 


	Documents Incorporated By Reference:  None


	 








	 









	 






	 



	TABLE OF CONTENTS



	 




	 


	 


	 


	 




	Page








	PART I




	 


	 


	 



	3






	Item 1



	 



	Business



	 



	3






	Item 1A



	 



	Risk Factors



	 



	5






	Item 1B



	 



	Unresolved Staff Comments



	 



	6






	Item 2



	 



	Properties



	 



	6






	Item 3



	 



	Legal Proceedings



	 



	6





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 






	PART II




	 


	 


	 



	6






	Item 4



	 



	Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities



	 



	6






	Item 5



	 



	Selected Financial Data



	 



	7






	Item 6



	 



	Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation



	 



	7






	Item 6A



	 



	Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.



	 



	13






	Item 7



	 



	Financial Statements and Supplementary Data



	 



	F-1






	Item 8



	 



	Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure



	 



	14






	Item 8A(T)



	 



	Controls and Procedures



	 



	14






	Item 8B



	 



	Other Information



	 



	15





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 






	PART III




	 


	 


	 



	16






	Item 9



	 



	Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance



	 



	16






	Item 10



	 



	Executive Compensation



	 



	18






	Item 11



	 



	Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters



	 



	18






	Item 12



	 



	Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence



	 



	19






	Item 13



	 



	Principal Accountant Fees and Services



	 



	20





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 






	PART IV




	 


	 


	 



	20






	Item 14



	 



	Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules



	 



	20






	SIGNATURES



	 


	 


	 



	21





	 









	2










	 






	 





	PART I



	 





	Item 1.  Business.



	 


	As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this “Report”),
	references to the “Company,” the “Registrant,” “we,” “our,” “us” or
	“SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp ” , unless the context otherwise indicates

	.



	 




	Forward-Looking Statements




	 


	This Report contains forward-looking statements.
	For this purpose, any statements contained in this Report that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking
	statements. Forward-looking information includes statements relating to future actions, prospective products, future performance
	or results of current or anticipated products, sales and marketing efforts, costs and expenses, interest rates, outcome of contingencies,
	financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, business strategies, cost savings, objectives of management, and other matters.
	You can identify forward-looking statements by those that are not historical in nature, particularly those that use terminology
	such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “contemplates,”
	“estimates,” “believes,” “plans,” “projected,” “predicts,” “potential,”
	or “continue” or the negative of these similar terms. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides
	a “safe harbor” for forward-looking information to encourage companies to provide prospective information about themselves
	without fear of litigation so long as that information is identified as forward-looking and is accompanied by meaningful cautionary
	statements identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in the information.


	 


	These forward-looking statements are not
	guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that we cannot predict. In evaluating these forward-looking
	statements, you should consider various factors, including the following: (a) those risks and uncertainties related to general
	economic conditions, (b) whether we are able to manage our planned growth efficiently and operate profitable operations, (c) whether
	we are able to generate sufficient revenues or obtain financing to sustain and grow our operations, (d) whether we are able to
	successfully fulfill our primary requirements for cash, which are explained below under “Liquidity and Capital Resources.”
	We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements, except as otherwise required under the applicable federal securities
	laws.


	 




	Corporate Background






	 




	We were incorporated in Delaware on November
	23, 2010 and are a development stage company. On December 15, 2010, we entered into an exclusive Assignment agreement with Mr.
	Uri Tagger, inventor, in relation to a patent-pending invention for a voice-enabled protector for administering medicine. The assigned
	technology has the potential to be adopted as a standard in all hospitals and care centers, for improving the safety of medication
	administration. Specifically, the invention is intended to match drug name voice templates as a threshold mechanism for unlocking
	a medication container such as a syringe or pill box. This invention is intended to help minimize accidentally administering the
	wrong medication to a patient by requiring a care-giver, such as a doctor or a nurse, to verbally announce the name of the medication
	that should be administered. If the medicine does not match the verbally announced name of the medication the medicine
	cannot be administered.


	 


	The patent-pending technology was transferred
	to SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp. by Mr. Uri Tagger (inventor), in exchange  for a commitment to pay 10% of future
	royalties on any revenues we may derive from the patent. This agreement was executed on December 15, 2010.


	 


	The assigned patent-pending technology
	for a voice-enabled protector for administering medicine, is intended to feature several components Including; a drug name identifier;
	a computer readable medium containing a stored template that identifies the drug trade name, the compound name, etc.; a processing
	unit capable of sending the stored voice templates to a computer, and  a software application hosted on a computer system.
	The computer will have standard equipment such as a motherboard, keyboard, mouse, monitor, etc. but also have a microphone capable
	of receiving voice commands and recording the voice templates against which the voice commands are compared.


	 


	The computer to be used with the technology
	will be required to have Internet capabilities including an internal modem or a connection to a modem and Internet access to enable
	the program to access a central repository of stored voice templates of drug brand names, generic brand names, or a combination
	of both. The audio recording program should include voice recognition software for interacting with the microphone and to record
	the voice templates.


	 


	We have not yet developed our proposed
	product, and we have not yet obtained objective evidence that our invention can reliably perform the functions described above.


	 


	We plan to license the patent to a third-party
	to design, manufacture, and market the device against an initial payment to us and a percentage licensing agreement to be paid
	quarterly.


	   


	 The Company commenced
	a capital formation activity by filing a Registration Statement on Form S-1 to the SEC to register and sell in a self-directed
	offering 20,000,000 shares of newly issued common stock at an offering price of $0.005 per share for proceeds of up to $100,000.
	The Registration Statement was declared effective on December 27, 2011. On March 6, 2012, the Company issued 20,000,000 shares
	of common stock pursuant to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 for proceeds of $100,000. The offering costs of $20,000 related
	to this capital formation activity were charged against the capital raised.


	 









	3










	 






	 




	Business Summary






	 




	We were incorporated in Delaware on November
	23, 2010 and are a development stage company. An Assignment agreement was signed between Mr. Uri Tagger (the inventor) and SafeCode
	Drug Technologies Corp., for a patent-pending technology for a voice-enabled protector for administering medicine on December 15,
	2010. This agreement granted SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp. exclusive rights, title and interest in and to the invention. All
	Intellectual Property rights, free and clear of any lien, charge, claim, preemptive rights, etc. for the invention.


	 


	We purchased the patent-pending technology
	from the inventor, an individual with limited experience in the field of medicinal devices.  The inventor is engaged
	in the business of web-based media applications, and due to a lack of funds and the risk that a product based on the patent application
	would not be commercially feasible, he has neither developed the technology that is the subject of the patent application nor attempted
	to commercialize the patent application prior to selling the technology to us.  A prototype of our proposed product has
	not yet been manufactured to test the capabilities of the potential product, and no testing has yet been performed regarding the
	ability of the proposed product to perform as expected or regarding the reliability or cost-effectiveness of such a product.  Except
	for having purchased the patent application from the inventor, we do not have any relationship with the inventor.


	 


	The SafeCode Drug Technologies technology
	has the potential to be adopted as a standard in all hospitals and care centers, for improving the safety of medication administration.
	Specifically, the invention is intended to match drug name voice templates as a threshold mechanism for unlocking a medication
	container such as a syringe or pill box. This invention is intended to help minimize accidentally administering the wrong medication
	to a patient by requiring a care-giver such as a doctor or a nurse, to verbally announce the name of the medication that should
	be administered. If the medicine does not match the verbal name the medicine cannot be administered.


	 


	The technology was transferred to SafeCode
	Drug Technologies Corp. by Mr. Uri Tagger (inventor), in exchange for 10% of future royalties on any income the company may derive
	from the patent.


	 


	The proposed product based on our invention
	will focus on the use of voice recognition technology to ensure the right drug / pill vial / box is being opened and administered
	to the patient. It will include both hardware and software components. It may include a barcode that identifies the patient for
	whom the medication is intended, a drug identifier, a computer readable medium containing a stored template that identifies the
	drug trade name, the compound name, etc. a processing unit capable of sending the stored voice templates to a computer, and a software
	application hosted on a computer system. The computer will have standard equipment such as a motherboard, keyboard, mouse, monitor
	etc. but will also have a microphone capable of receiving voice commands and recording the voice templates against which the voice
	commands area compared. The exact components of the final product will be determined by the manufacturer who licenses the invention
	from SafeCode. In the event the licensee determines it necessary or beneficial to use a barcode identification system for the patient
	matching safety feature in addition to the voice recognition component to ensure the right drug is being administered, that is
	integral to our technology offering, the manufacturer will need to license the rights to Patent # 7,347,841 from MediSafe1 Technology
	Corp.


	 


	The computer should have Internet capabilities
	including an internal modem or a connection to a modem and Internet access to enable the program to access a central repository
	of stored voice templates of drug brand names, generic brand names, or a combination of both. The audio recording program should
	include voice recognition software for interacting with the microphone and to record the voice templates.


	 


	We intend that the software will be developed
	by third party contractors.  Other components will either be outsourced or purchased from suppliers of standard computer
	equipment and configured to work with our software.


	 


	Though not considered part of the actual
	product, we envision care centers and hospitals placing our product on a mobile cart that can be moved with the nurses or caregivers
	as they move from room to room. Similar to blood pressure machines, our device would be taken from room to room to dispense medicine.


	 


	Since the software program has not yet
	been developed, it is not yet possible to determine the exact nature of how the protection system will work in its final development
	or to determine the costs involved in developing the product.  A voice detection microchip system will be included such
	that the caregiver will be required to state the name of the medication being administered to be matched against stored voice recognition
	templates within the program.


	 


	This system will include a microchip sensor
	with voice recognition software and an electromagnetic locking device that will interface with the microchip sensor.  To
	use our proposed product, the care provider will be required to read aloud the name of the patient and the name of the medicine.  Upon
	a match of the patient name with the correct medicine, the microchip sensor will send an electronic alert to the electromagnetic
	locking device to unlock the storage container.


	 


	Since different drugs would need to be
	stored in their own locked containers, each medication would need to be stored in a separate locked drug container, connected to
	the microchip sensor and electromagnetic locking device.


	 









	4










	 






	 


	One disadvantage of our product is that
	it is not intended for emergency situations in which medications must be administered without delay.  Firm instructions
	not to use this product in emergency situations will be included because our product is not intended for use in such an environment,
	both because of the time factor and because of additional pressures on staff at such times.


	 


	While there is always an element of human
	error when dealing with a system requiring human interaction, we intend for safety mechanisms to be included in the software.  For
	example, we intend for the product to include confirmation screens that will require the human operator to confirm stages within
	the operation and voice assignments.   One of the criteria for finding a proper third party partner will be whether
	it has prior experience in developing software for the medical industry.


	 


	Since the goal of the product is to help
	avoid error, the important element of the software will be the inclusion of safety factors to confirm that the correct medicine
	is being opened.


	 


	The design and development of a commercial
	product will be carried out by 3 rd party partners who agree to license the design and pay a portion of future royalties to maintain
	the license on an ongoing basis.


	 


	Our ideal third party partner will have
	extensive experience in software development, in the medical industry in general, and in the drug industry in particular.  We
	plan to initially promote our technology to drug manufacturers.  Of the top 49 drug manufacturers, almost half are located
	in the United States, with others located in Europe, Asia, and Israel  (source: Wikipedia).  As our Directors
	are located in Israel, we will also approach top Israeli drug manufacturers in an attempt to partner with them and license our
	technology to them.  We also intend to look to leaders in the field of Computerized Decision Support Systems (CDSS) as
	potential partners.  Beyond pharmaceutical companies, it is possible that insurance companies may be interested in partnering
	with our technology to provide value-added services to their clients by utilizing products such as ours that reduce the risk of
	malpractice.


	 


	We have not generated any revenues to date
	and our operations have been limited to organizational, start-up, and capital formation activities. We currently have two employees
	other than our Officers, who are also our Directors and work only part time.


	 


	We have never declared bankruptcy, have
	never been in receivership, and have never been involved in any legal action or proceedings. We have not made any significant purchase
	or sale of assets, nor has the Company been involved in any mergers, acquisitions or consolidations. We are not a blank check registrant
	as that term is defined in Rule 419(a)(2) of Regulation C of the Securities Act of 1933, because we have a specific business plan
	and purpose. Neither SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp., nor its Officers, Directors, promoters or affiliates, has had preliminary
	contact or discussions with, nor do we have any present plans, proposals, arrangements or understandings with any representatives
	of the owners of any business or company regarding the possibility of an acquisition or merger.


	 


	On November 15, 2012, the Company entered
	into a license agreement with Medisafe 1 Technologies Corp., a Delaware corporation and a public reporting company engaged in the
	development of medical technology products. Pursuant to the License Agreement, Safecode, as licensee, has been granted a non –
	exclusive perpetual license to manufacture, market and otherwise commercially exploit world-wide Medisafe's patented device for
	administering medicine in correct dosages to the correct patient . The License Agreement provides that as consideration for the
	license, Safecode will issue to Medisafe 10,000,000 shares of its common stock. The stock was valued at the market value of $1,800,000
	on the date issued.


	 


	On November 26, 2012, the Company
	entered into a share exchange agreement with Biomedix Incubator, an Israeli company and a shareholder of Gefen Biomed
	Investments, a publicly traded Isareali company. The Company issued 1,082,851 shares to Biomedix Incubator and received in
	return 921,790 shares of Gefen Biomed Investments. The shares were valued at $194,913 which was the market price of the
	Company’s shares on the date of the exchange. The investment in Gefen is less than 4.9% of Gefen’s outstanding
	stock.


	 


	 




	Employees




	 


	Other than our current Directors and officers, we have two employees..


	 




	Transfer Agent




	 


	We have engaged Nevada Agency and Trust as our stock transfer
	agent. Nevada Agency and Trust is located at 50 West Liberty Street, Reno, Nevada 89501. Their telephone number is (775) 322-0626
	and their fax number is (775) 322-5623. The transfer agent is responsible for all record-keeping and administrative functions in
	connection with our issued and outstanding common stock.



	 





	Item 1A. Risk Factors



	 


	In addition to the risk factors described
	in our Registration Statement on Form S1, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and although smaller reporting
	companies are not required to provide disclosure pursuant to this Item, your attention is directed to the following risk factor
	that relates to our business.


	 









	5










	 






	 


	The Company has raised $100,000 pursuant
	to the effective S1 registration statement and has enough funds for the next twelve months however if the Company will not generate
	revenues within twelve months it will need to continue to raise equity thru either debt and / or equity financing .



	 





	Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments



	 


	None



	 





	Item 2.  Properties



	 


	Our principal offices are located at 6 Meever HaMiltah Street
	, Jerusalem 97761, Israel. Our telephone number is 972-507839976. Our registered office in Delaware is located at 113 Barksdale
	Professional Center, Newark, DE 19711, and our registered agent is Delaware Intercorp.



	 





	Item 3.  Legal Proceedings.



	 


	There are no pending legal proceedings
	to which the Company is a party or in which any Director, officer or affiliate of the Company, any owner of record or beneficially
	of more than 5% of any class of voting securities of the Company, or security holder is a party adverse to the Company or has a
	material interest adverse to the Company. The Company’s property is not the subject of any pending legal proceedings.




	 





	PART II



	 








	Item 4.






	Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.






	 



	Market Information



	 


	Our common stock is trading on the OTC under the symbol SAFC.


	 









	6










	 






	 



	Holders



	 


	As of  December 31 2012 , there were 76,082,851 common
	shares issued and outstanding, which were held by 29 stockholders of record.


	 



	Dividends



	 


	We have never declared or paid any cash
	dividends on our common stock nor do we anticipate paying any in the foreseeable future. Furthermore, we expect to retain any future
	earnings to finance our operations and expansion. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our
	Board of Directors and will depend upon our earnings levels, capital requirements, any restrictive loan covenants and other factors
	the Board considers relevant.


	 



	Equity Compensation Plans



	 


	We do not have any equity compensation
	plans.


	 



	Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds
	from Registered Securities



	 


	The Company commenced a capital formation
	activity by filing a Registration Statement on Form S-1 to the SEC to register and sell in a self-directed offering 20,000,000
	shares of newly issued common stock at an offering price of $0.005 per share for proceeds of up to $100,000. The Registration Statement
	was declared effective on December 27, 2011. On March 6, 2012, the Company issued 20,000,000 shares of common stock pursuant
	to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 for proceeds of $100,000. The offering costs of $20,000 related to this capital formation
	activity were charged against the capital raised.


	 


	On October 22, 2012 and October 30, 2012,
	the Company issued 13,500,000 shares of its unregistered common stock as payment for services. The shares were valued at $67,500
	or $0.005 per share based on agreement of the parties that the compensation for services was valued at the share price in the registration
	statement.


	 


	On November 15, 2012, the Company entered
	into a license agreement with Medisafe 1 Technologies Corp., a Delaware corporation and a public reporting company engaged in the
	development of medical technology products. Pursuant to the License Agreement, Safecode, as licensee, has been granted a non –
	exclusive perpetual license to manufacture, market and otherwise commercially exploit world-wide Medisafe's patented device for
	administering medicine in correct dosages to the correct patient . The License Agreement provides that as consideration for the
	license, Safecode will issue to Medisafe 10,000,000 shares of its common stock. The stock was valued at the market value of $1,800,000
	on the date issued.


	 


	On November 26, 2012, the Company entered
	into a share exchange agreement with Biomedix Incubator, an Israeli company and a shareholder of Gefen Biomed Investments, a publicly
	traded Isareali company. The Company issued 1,082,851 shares to Biomedix Incubator and received in return 921,790 shares of Gefen
	Biomed Investments. The shares were valued at $194,913 which was the market price of the Company’s shares on the date of
	the exchange. The investment in Gefen is less than 4.9% of Gefen’s outstanding stock.


	 


	On December 18, 2012, the Company issued
	1,500,000 shares of its unregistered common stock as payment for services. The shares were valued at $52,650 or $0.0351 per share
	based on the current market price of the shares.


	 


	In February and March 2012 the Company
	issued 20,000,000 free trading shares pursuant to the effective S1 registration Statement declared effective by the SEC on December
	27 2012.


	 



	Purchases of Equity Securities by the
	Small Business Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers



	 


	We have not repurchased any shares of our common stock during
	the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012



	 





	Item 5. Selected Financial Data.



	 


	A smaller reporting company is not required to provide the information
	required by this item.



	 





	Item 6.   Management’s Discussion and
	Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.



	 


	Certain statements contained in this Annual
	Report, including statements regarding the anticipated development and expansion of our business, our intent, belief or current
	expectations, primarily with respect to the future operating performance of  SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp and the
	services we expect to offer and other statements contained herein regarding matters that are not historical facts, are “forward-looking”
	statements. Future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, future press releases and future oral or written statements
	made by us or with our approval, which are not statements of historical fact, may contain forward-looking statements, because such
	statements include risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking
	statements.


	 


	All forward-looking statements speak only
	as of the date on which they are made. We undertake no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances
	that exist after the date on which they are made.


	 


	This Management’s Discussion and
	Analysis or Plan of Operations (“MD&A”) section of this Report discusses our results of operations, liquidity and
	financial condition, and certain factors that may affect our future results. You should read this MD&A in conjunction with
	our audited financial statements and accompanying notes included in this Report. This plan of operation contains forward-looking
	statements that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. The actual results may differ materially from those anticipated
	in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including, but not limited to, those presented under “Risk
	Factors” or elsewhere in this Report.


	 









	7










	 






	 




	Plan of Operation






	 




	We are a development stage company that
	has acquired a patent-pending technology for a voice-enabled protector for administering medicine. We do not have any plans to
	manufacture or develop our product. Rather, we plan to license the patent-pending technology to one or more third party partners
	who will be responsible for designing, developing, manufacturing, and selling their product, branded with their corporate identity
	as they determine best fits their sales program. In exchange for this licensing agreement, the partner or partners will agree to
	pay to SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp. an upfront fee and royalties on an ongoing basis.


	 


	To accomplish this, we plan to engage in
	a determined marketing and promotional campaign to identify and target potential partners. For this purpose, we plan:


	 


	Preparatory Stage (3 months): includes
	the development of marketing materials about the design patent; the potential benefits and market.


	 


	Identify Target Partners (1 month): We
	anticipate this stage will take approximately 1 month, as we believe it best to create a detailed priority list rather than simply
	target one company at a time. We will analyze the benefits of each company as potential partners measured against the efforts we
	believe we can expect them to take and confirm we are prepared to approach and negotiate with such partners. We may need to hire
	third party business consultants for this purpose or our Directors and Officers may undertake this effort.


	 


	Marketing to Potential 3 rd Party Partners
	(6 months): This will involve hiring marketing consultants and strategists to contact potential development partners and negotiate
	licensing agreements with them. We are open to signing many agreements in non-competing geographical areas or to signing more global
	cross-area agreements to cover many regions at once. We anticipate this could take up to 6 months, but may take longer or shorter
	depending on the efforts of the marketing team.


	 



	THIRD-PARTY MANUFACTURERS



	 


	We will rely on third parties to design,
	develop, manufacture, and market a product based on our patent-pending invention for a voice-enabled protector for administering
	medicine. We do not have any plans to manufacture or develop our product. Rather, we plan to license the patent-pending technology
	to one or more third party partners who will be responsible for designing, developing, manufacturing, and selling their product,
	branded with their corporate identity as they determine best fits their sales program.


	 


	In exchange for this licensing agreement,
	the partner or partners will agree to pay to SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp. an upfront fee and royalties on an ongoing basis.


	 


	We have signed an agreement with IntoVision
	an Israeli technology development Co to design a prototype of the patent pending technology This is expected to take approximately
	4-6 months .


	 



	INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY



	 


	On December 15, 2010, we signed an Assignment
	agreement with Mr. Uri Tagger, in relation to a patent-pending, voice-enabled protector for administering medicine. As part
	of this agreement, SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp. was given all right; title and interest for the United States, territories,
	and possessions, and for all other countries in the world, in relation to a voice-enabled protector for administering medicine.  The
	proprietary technology consists of an the invention regarding how to combine and integrate software and hardware to provide protection
	against administering incorrect medicine through voice recognition whereby the medicine or medicinal fluid will not be able to
	be extracted from its container without human voice recognition that identifies and matches the name of the medicine with the name
	of the patient.


	 


	The invention that we purchased is described
	in a patent application that was filed with the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) in December 2010 under patent
	application serial number 12/982,158.  We estimate that approximately 1 year will elapse before the USPTO will send us
	its first set of comments on the application.  It may take approximately 2-3 years before a patent will be issued on
	the application, and any issued patent would expire 17 years from the date of issuance.


	 



	COMPETITION



	 


	While there are many medical dispensers
	on the market, we have not found any that offer the same benefits as the SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp. invention. For example,
	patents Wirtschafter (U.S. Pat. No. 5,233,571), Albeck (U.S. Pat. No. 5,313,439), and Walters (U.S. Pat. No. 5,751,661) all incorporate
	the timing mechanisms and alarms in the cap or lid of the medication bottle or container itself to help prevent a patient from
	taking medication at the wrong time. However, these patents to not protect the patient from a medical care-giver administering
	the wrong medication.


	 









	8










	 






	  


	Our proposed product differs from the technology
	owned by Medisafe 1 Technologies Corp. in that in Medisafe's product, the locking device on the container holding the medicinal
	substance has a bar code, and a bar code is also attached to the patient who is to receive the medicine.  A bar code
	reader then reads and matches the two bar codes, and then the locking device is unlocked upon the two bar codes matching one another.  Our
	proposed product, (in addition to the use of bar codes), a pre-set voice detection microchip is used on the locking device.  The
	microchip contains the name of the medicine, and a human voice has to pronounce the name of the medicine.  In the event
	of a match, the locking device is released to ensure the correct medicine is opened.


	 


	This voice recognition procedure is a procedure
	to ensure the right medicine, drug is being opened, prior to them ensuring administration to the correct patient.


	 


	The Company does not have any relationship
	with Medisafe 1 Technologies Corp.


	 


	A key element of our technology is the
	software application that stores template patterns for medicines and matches these templates to drug names used by care-givers
	such as doctors and nurses. Because we do not plan to design and manufacture a product based on our patent-pending invention, we
	cannot fully determine how the product will appear. We intend for these aspects  to be handled by the 3rd party partner
	or partners who license our technology.


	 









	9










	 






	 



	Patent, Trademark, License & Franchise Restrictions



	 



	Contractual Obligations & Concessions



	 


	As described above, we have entered into
	an Assignment agreement with Mr. Uri Tagger, the inventor of a voice-enabled protector for administering medicine, in exchange
	for 10% of future royalties on any revenue the company may derive from the patent. According to this agreement, we acquired
	full rights to all title, and interest related to a voice-enabled protector for administering medicine. This agreement was signed
	on December 15, 2010. No other trademarks, licenses, franchises, concessions, royalty agreements or labor contracts are in effect
	regarding this prospectus.


	 


	We plan to develop a website related to
	our invention, which we intend to use to promote, advertise, and potentially market our patent to 3 rd party partners interested
	in developing, manufacturing, and marketing our voice-enabled protector for administering medicine. The site will be for information
	and promotion only, not for direct sales, as we intend to license the development, manufacturing, and marketing to these 3 rd party
	partners in exchange for an upfront payment and ongoing royalties. We intend to fully protect our voice-enabled protector for administering
	medicine design with copyright and trade secrecy laws.


	 






	Liquidity and Capital Resources




	 


	As of December 31, 2012 we had $174,333  in
	current marketable securities . We incurred a net loss of $2,064,283 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012 as compared with
	a net loss of $41,856  for the period ending December 31 2011. The increase in the 2012 net loss is applicable to impairment
	expenses in the amount of $1,800,000 relating to the technology acquired from Medisafe .  Our cumulative net loss since
	inception is $2,117,900, which is comprised entirely of general and administrative expenses and the impairment expense of $1,800,000.


	 


	The Company has raised $100,000 in gross
	proceeds subsequent to December 31 2011 pursuant to the effective S1 declared effective by the SEC on December 27 2011 and has
	sufficient funds for the next twelve months to cover its operating expenses however , there can be no assurance that additional
	capital will be available to the Company. The Company currently has no agreements, arrangements, or understandings with any person
	to obtain funds through bank loans, lines of credit, or any other sources. Since the Company has no such arrangements or plans
	currently in effect, its inability to raise funds for the above purposes will have a severe negative impact on its ability to remain
	a viable company.


	 









	10










	 






	 




	Lack of Insurance




	 


	The Company currently has no insurance
	in force for its office facilities and operations and it cannot be certain that it can cover the risks associated with such lack
	of insurance or that it will be able to obtain and/or maintain insurance to cover these risks at economically feasible premiums.


	 




	Going Concern Consideration




	 


	The company has raised gross proceeds of
	$100,000 pursuant to the effective S1 registration statement and has enough funds for its operations for the next twelve months
	however thereafter if the Company will not commence to generate revenues then it will need to raise additional equity thru the
	issuance of debt or equity securities.


	  




	Recently issued accounting pronouncements




	 


	In March 2008, the FASB issued FASB Statement
	No. 161, (FASB ASC 815) “Disclosures about Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities – an amendment of FASB Statement
	133.”  SFAS No. 161 (FASB ASC 815) enhances required disclosures regarding derivatives and hedging activities,
	including enhanced disclosures regarding how:  (a) an entity uses derivative instruments; (b) derivative instruments
	and related hedged items are accounted for under FASB No. 133, “Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities”;
	and (c) derivative instruments and related hedged items affect an entity’s financial position, financial performance, and
	cash flows.  Specifically, SFAS No. 161 (FASB ASC 815) requires:


	 




	 



	·




	disclosure of the objectives for using derivative instruments be disclosed in terms of underlying risk and accounting designation;





	 



	·




	disclosure of the fair values of derivative instruments and their gains and losses in a tabular format;





	 



	·




	disclosure of information about credit-risk-related contingent features;





	 



	·




	and cross-reference from the derivative footnote to other footnotes in which derivative-related information is disclosed.





	 


	SFAS No. 161 (FASB ASC 815) is effective
	for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after November 15, 2008.  Earlier application is encouraged.  The
	management of the Company does not expect the adoption of this pronouncement to have a material impact on its financial statements.


	 


	On May 9, 2008, the FASB issued FASB Statement
	No. 162, (FASB ASC 105) “The Hierarchy of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.”  SFAS No. 162 (FASB
	ASC 105) is intended to improve financial reporting by identifying a consistent framework, or hierarchy, for selecting accounting
	principles to be used in preparing financial statements that are presented in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
	principles (“GAAP”) for nongovernmental entities.


	 


	Prior to the issuance of SFAS No. 162 (FASB
	ASC 105), GAAP hierarchy was defined in the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“AICPA”) Statement
	on Auditing Standards (“SAS”) No. 69, “The Meaning of Present Fairly in Conformity with Generally Accept Accounting
	Principles.”  SAS No. 69 has been criticized because it is directed to the auditor rather than the entity.  SFAS
	No. 162 (FASB ASC 105) addresses these issues by establishing that the GAAP hierarchy should be directed to entities because it
	is the entity (not the auditor) that is responsible for selecting accounting principles for financial statements that are presented
	in conformity with GAAP.


	 


	The sources of accounting principles that
	are generally accepted are categorized in descending order as follows:


	 




	 



	a.




	FASB Statements of Financial Accounting Standards and Interpretations, FASB Statement 133 Implementation Issues, FASB Staff Positions, and American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) Accounting Research Bulletins and Accounting Principles Board Opinions that are not superseded by actions of the FASB.





	 




	 



	b.




	FASB Technical Bulletins and, if cleared by the FASB, AICPA Industry Audit and Accounting Guides and Statements of Position.





	 




	 



	c.




	AICPA Accounting Standards Executive Committee Practice Bulletins that have been cleared by the FASB, consensus positions of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF), and the Topics discussed in Appendix D of EITF Abstracts (EITF D-Topics).





	 




	 



	d.




	Implementation guides (Q&As) published by the FASB staff, AICPA Accounting Interpretations, AICPA Industry Audit and Accounting Guides and Statements of Position not cleared by the FASB, and practices that are widely recognized and prevalent either generally or in the industry.





	 









	11










	 






	 


	SFAS No. 162 (FASB ASC 105) is effective
	60 days following the SEC’s approval of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board amendment to its authoritative literature.
	It is only effective for nongovernmental entities; therefore, the GAAP hierarchy will remain in SAS 69 for state and local governmental
	entities and federal governmental entities. The management of the Company does not expect the adoption of this pronouncement to
	have a material impact on its financial statements.


	 


	On May 26, 2008, the FASB issued FASB Statement
	No. 163, (FASB ASC 944) “Accounting for Financial Guarantee Insurance Contracts.” SFAS No. 163 (FASB ASC 944) clarifies
	how FASB Statement No. 60, “Accounting and Reporting by Insurance Enterprises” (“SFAS No. 60”), applies
	to financial guarantee insurance contracts issued by insurance enterprises, including the recognition and measurement of premium
	revenue and claim liabilities. It also requires expanded disclosures about financial guarantee insurance contracts.


	 


	The accounting and disclosure requirements
	of SFAS No. 163 (FASB ASC 944) are intended to improve the comparability and quality of information provided to users of financial
	statements by creating consistency.  Diversity exists in practice in accounting for financial guarantee insurance contracts
	by insurance enterprises under SFAS No. 60, “Accounting and Reporting by Insurance Enterprises.”  That diversity
	results in inconsistencies in the recognition and measurement of claim liabilities because of differing views about when a loss
	has been incurred under FASB Statement No. 5, “Accounting for Contingencies” (“SFAS No. 5”).  SFAS
	No. 163 (FASB ASC 944) requires that an insurance enterprise recognize a claim liability prior to an event of default when there
	is evidence that credit deterioration has occurred in an insured financial obligation.  It also requires disclosure about
	(a) the risk-management activities used by an insurance enterprise to evaluate credit deterioration in its insured financial obligations
	and (b) the insurance enterprise’s surveillance or watch list.


	 


	SFAS No. 163 (FASB ASC 944) is effective
	for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2008, and all interim periods within those fiscal
	years, except for disclosures about the insurance enterprise’s risk-management activities.  Disclosures about the
	insurance enterprise’s risk-management activities are effective the first period beginning after issuance of SFAS No. 163
	(FASB ASC 944).  Except for those disclosures, earlier application is not permitted.  The management of the
	Company does not expect the adoption of this pronouncement to have material impact on its financial statements.


	 


	On May 22, 2009, the FASB issued FASB Statement
	No. 164, (FASB ASC 958) “Not-for-Profit Entities: Mergers and Acquisitions”.  SFAS No. 164 (FASB ASC 958)
	is intended to improve the relevance, representational faithfulness, and comparability of the information that a not-for-profit
	entity provides in its financial reports about a combination with one or more other not-for-profit entities, businesses, or nonprofit
	activities.  To accomplish that, this Statement establishes principles and requirements for how a not-for-profit entity:


	 




	 



	a.




	Determines whether a combination is a merger or an acquisition.





	 



	b.




	Applies the carryover method in accounting for a merger.





	 



	c.




	Applies the acquisition method in accounting for an acquisition, including determining which of the combining entities is the acquirer.





	 



	d.




	Determines what information to disclose to enable users of financial statements to evaluate the nature and financial effects of a merger or an acquisition.





	 


	This Statement also improves the information
	a not-for-profit entity provides about goodwill and other intangible assets after an acquisition by amending FASB Statement No.
	142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, to make it fully applicable to not-for-profit entities.


	 


	SFAS No. 164 (FASB ASC 958) is effective
	for mergers occurring on or after December 15, 2009, and acquisitions for which the acquisition date is on or after the beginning
	of the first annual reporting period beginning on or after December 15, 2009.  Early application is prohibited.  The
	management of the Company does not expect the adoption of this pronouncement to have material impact on its financial statements.


	 


	On May 28, 2009, the FASB issued FASB Statement
	No. 165, (FASB ASC 855) “Subsequent Events.”  SFAS No.  165 (FASB ASC 855) establishes general
	standards of accounting for and disclosure of events that occur after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are
	issued or are available to be issued.  Specifically, Statement 165 (FASB ASC 855) provides:


	 




	 



	1.




	The period after the balance sheet date during which management of a reporting entity should evaluate events or transactions that may occur for potential recognition or disclosure in the financial statements.





	 



	2.




	The circumstances under which an entity should recognize events or transactions occurring after the balance sheet date in its financial statements.





	 



	3.




	The disclosures that an entity should make about events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date.





	 


	In accordance with this Statement, an entity
	should apply the requirements to interim or annual financial periods ending after June 15, 2009.  The adoption of this
	pronouncement did not have a material impact on the financial statements of the Company.


	 









	12










	 






	 


	In June 2009, the FASB issued FASB Statement
	No. 166, (FASB ASC 860) “Accounting for Transfers of Financial Assets- an amendment of FASB Statement No, 140.”  SFAS
	No. 166 (FASB ASC 860) is a revision to SFAS No. 140 “Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishment
	of Liabilities” and will require more information about transfers of financial assets, including securitization transactions,
	and where companies have continuing exposure to the risks related to transferred financial assets.  It eliminates the
	concept of a “qualifying special-purpose entity,” changes the requirements for derecognizing financial assets, and
	requires additional disclosures.


	 


	This statement is effective for financial
	asset transfers occurring after the beginning of an entity's first fiscal year that begins after November 15, 2009.  The
	management of the Company does not expect the adoption of this pronouncement to have material impact on its financial statements.


	 


	In June 2009, the FASB issued FASB Statement
	No. 167, (FASB ASC 810) "Amendments to FASB Interpretation No. 46(R).”  SFAS No. 167 (FASB ASC 810) amends
	certain requirements of FASB Interpretation No. 46(R), “Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities” and changes how
	a company determines when an entity that is insufficiently capitalized or is not controlled through voting (or similar rights)
	should be consolidated.  The determination of whether a company is required to consolidate an entity is based on, among
	other things, an entity’s purpose and design and a company’s ability to direct the activities of the entity that most
	significantly impact the entity’s economic performance.


	 


	This statement is effective as of the beginning
	of each reporting entity’s first annual reporting period that begins after November 15, 2009.  The management of
	the Company does not expect the adoption of this pronouncement to have material impact on its financial statements.


	 


	In June 2009, the FASB issued FASB Statement
	No. 168, (FASB ASC 105) "The FASB Accounting Standards Codification and the Hierarchy of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
	- a replacement of FASB Statement No. 162.”  SFAS No. 168 (FASB ASC 105) establishes the FASB Accounting Standards
	Codification (the "Codification") to become the single official source of authoritative, nongovernmental U.S. generally
	accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”).  The Codification did not change GAAP but reorganizes the literature.


	 


	SFAS No. 168 (FASB ASC 105) is effective
	for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009.  The adoption of this pronouncement did not have a material
	impact on the financial statements of the Company.


	 




	Off Balance Sheet Arrangements




	 


	We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
	that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition,
	revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources that are material to investors.




	 





	Item 6A.        Quantitative
	and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.



	 


	A smaller reporting company is not required
	to provide the information required by this item.


	 









	13











	 








	 





	Item 7. Financial Statements and Supplementary
	Data.



	 





	SAFECODE DRUG TECHNOLOGIES CORP.




	(A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)



	 





	INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




	DECEMBER 31, 2012



	 





	Report of Registered Independent Auditors




	F-2





	 


	 





	Financial Statements-



	 




	 


	 





	Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2012 and 2011




	F-3





	 


	 





	Statements of Operations for the Years Ended



	 





	December 31, 2012 and 2011, and Cumulative from Inception




	F-4





	 


	 





	Statement of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity for the Period from Inception



	 





	Through December 31, 2012




	F-5





	 


	 





	Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2012 and 2011



	 





	And Cumulative from Inception




	F-6





	 


	 





	Notes to Financial Statements




	F-7






	 








	F-

	1










	 






	  





	REPORT OF REGISTERED
	INDEPENDENT AUDITORS



	 






	To the Board of Directors and Stockholders


	of SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp.:


	 


	We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
	of SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp. (a Delaware corporation in the development stage) as of December 31, 2012 and 2011, and the
	related statements of operations, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for the periods ended December 31, 2012 and 2011,
	and from inception (November 23, 2010) through December 31, 2012. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s
	management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.


	 


	We conducted our audit in accordance with
	standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States of America). Those standards require that we plan and
	perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The
	Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our
	audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate
	in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control
	over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
	the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
	estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides
	a reasonable basis for our opinion.


	 


	In our opinion, the financial statements referred
	to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp. as of December 31,
	2012 and 2011, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the periods ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, and from
	inception November 23, 2010) through December 31, 2012, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
	States of America.


	 


	The accompanying financial statements have
	been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the
	Company is in the development stage, and has not established any source of revenue to cover its operating costs. As such, it has
	incurred an operating loss since inception. Further, as of December 31, 2012, the cash resources of the Company were insufficient
	to meet its planned business objectives. These and other factors raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue
	as a going concern. Management’s plan regarding these matters is also described in Note 2 to the financial statements. The
	financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.


	 


	Respectfully submitted,


	 




	 



	 


	 


	Weinberg & Baer LLC


	Baltimore, Maryland


	March 4, 2013


	 








	F-

	2










	 






	 



	SAFECODE DRUG TECHNOLOGIES CORP.




	(A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)




	BALANCE SHEET




	AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2012 AND 2011





	 












	ASSETS





	 


	 


	As of


	 


	 


	As of


	 




	 


	 


	December 31,


	 


	 


	December 31,


	 




	 


	 


	2012


	 


	 


	2011


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Current Assets:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Marketable securities


	 


	$


	174,333


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	Deferred offering costs


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	20,000


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total current assets


	 


	 


	174,333


	 


	 


	 


	20,000


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total Assets


	 


	$


	174,333


	 


	 


	$


	20,000


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Current Liabilities:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Accounts payable and accrued liabilities


	 


	$


	41,111


	 


	 


	$


	42,481


	 




	Loans from related parties - Directors and stockholders


	 


	 


	13,773


	 


	 


	 


	28,136


	 




	Convertible note payable, net of discount


	 


	 


	6,786


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total current liabilities


	 


	 


	61,670


	 


	 


	 


	70,617


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total liabilities


	 


	 


	61,670


	 


	 


	 


	70,617


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Commitments and Contingencies


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Stockholders' Equity (Deficit):


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Common stock, par value $.0001 per share, 200,000,000 shares authorized,


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	76,082,851 and 30,000,000 shares issued and outstanding, respectively


	 


	 


	7,608


	 


	 


	 


	3,000


	 




	Additional paid-in capital


	 


	 


	2,222,955


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	(Deficit) accumulated during the development stage


	 


	 


	(2,117,900


	)


	 


	 


	(53,617


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total stockholders' equity (deficit)


	 


	 


	112,663


	 


	 


	 


	(50,617


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity (Deficit)


	 


	$


	174,333


	 


	 


	$


	20,000


	 







	 




	  


	The accompanying notes to financial statements
	are


	an integral part of these financial statements.


	 








	F-

	3










	 








	 





	SAFECODE DRUG TECHNOLOGIES CORP.




	(A DEVELOPMENT STAGE
	COMPANY)




	STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS




	FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2012
	AND 2011




	AND CUMULATIVE FROM INCEPTION (NOVEMBER
	23, 2010)






	THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2012





	  




	 






	 


	 


	Year Ended


	 


	 


	Year Ended


	 


	 


	Cumulative


	 




	 


	 


	December 31,


	 


	 


	December 31,


	 


	 


	From


	 




	 


	 


	2012


	 


	 


	2011


	 


	 


	Inception


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Revenues


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Expenses:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Professional fees


	 


	 


	66,308


	 


	 


	 


	38,856


	 


	 


	 


	106,164


	 




	Consulting


	 


	 


	171,674


	 


	 


	 


	3,000


	 


	 


	 


	174,674


	 




	Patent


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	9,284


	 




	Other


	 


	 


	4,349


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	4,349


	 




	Legal - incorporation


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	1,477


	 




	Impairment expense


	 


	 


	1,800,000


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	1,800,000


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total expenses


	 


	 


	2,042,331


	 


	 


	 


	41,856


	 


	 


	 


	2,095,948


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	(Loss) from Operations


	 


	 


	(2,042,331


	)


	 


	 


	(41,856


	)


	 


	 


	(2,095,948


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Other Income (Expense)


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Foreign currency gains


	 


	 


	5,820


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	5,820


	 




	Interest expense


	 


	 


	(7,192


	)


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	(7,192


	)




	Unrealized loss on trading securities


	 


	 


	(20,580


	)


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	(20,580


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Provision for income taxes


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net (Loss)


	 


	$


	(2,064,283


	)


	 


	$


	(41,856


	)


	 


	$


	(2,117,900


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	(Loss) Per Common Share:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	(Loss) per common share - Basic and Diluted


	 


	$


	(0.04


	)


	 


	$


	(0.00


	)


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Weighted Average Number of Common Shares


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Outstanding - Basic and Diluted


	 


	 


	50,136,120


	 


	 


	 


	30,000,000


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 








	 





	  


	The accompanying notes to financial statements
	are


	an integral part of these financial statements.


	 








	F-

	4










	 








	 





	SAFECODE DRUG TECHNOLOGIES CORP.




	(A DEVELOPMENT STAGE
	COMPANY)




	STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS'
	EQUITY




	FOR THE PERIOD FROM INCEPTION (NOVEMBER
	23, 2010)




	THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2012




	 










	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	(Deficit)




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	Accumulated




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	Stock




	 




	 




	Additional




	 




	 




	During the




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	Common
	stock




	 




	 




	Subscription




	 




	 




	Paid-in




	 




	 




	Development




	 




	 




	 




	 






	 




	 




	Shares




	 




	 




	Amount




	 




	 




	Receivable




	 




	 




	Capital




	 




	 




	Stage




	 




	 




	Totals




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Balance - at inception




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	$




	-




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	$




	-




	 




	 




	$




	-




	 




	 




	$




	-




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Common stock issued for cash




	 




	 




	30,000,000




	 




	 




	 




	3,000




	 




	 




	 




	(3,000




	)




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 






	Net (loss) for the period




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	(11,761




	)




	 




	 




	(11,761




	)






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Balance - December 31, 2010




	 




	 




	30,000,000




	 




	 




	$




	3,000




	 




	 




	$




	(3,000




	)




	 




	$




	-




	 




	 




	$




	(11,761




	)




	 




	$




	(11,761




	)






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Stock subscription payment received




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	3,000




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	3,000




	 






	Net (loss) for the period




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	(41,856




	)




	 




	 




	(41,856




	)






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Balance - December 31, 2011




	 




	 




	30,000,000




	 




	 




	$




	3,000




	 




	 




	$




	-




	 




	 




	$




	-




	 




	 




	$




	(53,617




	)




	 




	$




	(50,617




	)






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Common stock issued for cash




	 




	 




	20,000,000




	 




	 




	 




	2,000




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	78,000




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	80,000




	 






	Common stock issued for services




	 




	 




	13,500,000




	 




	 




	 




	1,350




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	66,150




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	67,500




	 






	Convertible note discount




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	32,500




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	32,500




	 






	Common stock issued to acquire a license




	 




	 




	10,000,000




	 




	 




	 




	1,000




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	1,799,000




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	1,800,000




	 






	Common stock issued to acquire an investment




	 




	 




	1,082,851




	 




	 




	 




	108




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	194,805




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	194,913




	 






	Common stock issued for services




	 




	 




	1,500,000




	 




	 




	 




	150




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	52,500




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	52,650




	 






	Net (loss) for the period




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	-




	 




	 




	 




	(2,064,283




	)




	 




	 




	(2,064,283




	)






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Balance - December 31,
	2012




	 




	 




	76,082,851




	 




	 




	$




	7,608




	 




	 




	$




	-




	 




	 




	$




	2,222,955




	 




	 




	$




	(2,117,900




	)




	 




	$




	112,663




	 






	 


	 


	The accompanying notes to financial statements
	are


	an integral part of these financial statements.


	 








	F-

	5










	 








	  



	SAFECODE DRUG TECHNOLOGIES CORP.




	(A DEVELOPMENT STAGE
	COMPANY)




	STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS




	FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2012
	AND 2011




	AND CUMULATIVE FROM INCEPTION (NOVEMBER
	23, 2010)






	THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2012




	 









	 


	 


	Year Ended


	 


	 


	Year Ended


	 


	 


	Cumulative


	 




	 


	 


	December 31,


	 


	 


	December 31,


	 


	 


	From


	 




	 


	 


	2012


	 


	 


	2011


	 


	 


	Inception


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Operating Activities:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net (loss)


	 


	$


	(2,064,283


	)


	 


	$


	(41,856


	)


	 


	$


	(2,117,900


	)




	Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) to net cash


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	(used in) operating activities:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Common stock issued for services


	 


	 


	120,150


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	120,150


	 




	Impairment


	 


	 


	1,800,000


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	1,800,000


	 




	Unrealized loss on trading securities


	 


	 


	20,580


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	20,580


	 




	Amortization of convertible note discount


	 


	 


	6,786


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	6,786


	 




	Changes in net assets and liabilities-


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Deferred offering costs


	 


	 


	20,000


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	Accounts payable and accrued liabilities


	 


	 


	(1,370


	)


	 


	 


	17,947


	 


	 


	 


	41,111


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net Cash Used in Operating Activities


	 


	 


	(98,137


	)


	 


	 


	(23,909


	)


	 


	 


	(129,273


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Investing Activities:


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net Cash Used in Investing Activities


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Financing Activities:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Proceeds from related party loans


	 


	 


	89,341


	 


	 


	 


	20,909


	 


	 


	 


	117,477


	 




	Payments of related party loans


	 


	 


	(103,704


	)


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	(103,704


	)




	Proceeds from convertible loans


	 


	 


	32,500


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	32,500


	 




	Proceeds from stock issued


	 


	 


	80,000


	 


	 


	 


	3,000


	 


	 


	 


	83,000


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities


	 


	 


	98,137


	 


	 


	 


	23,909


	 


	 


	 


	129,273


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash - Beginning of Period


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 


	 


	 


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash - End of Period


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash paid during the period for:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Interest


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	Income taxes


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 






	Supplemental Schedule of Noncash Investing and Financing Activities:


	 


	 


	 




	Common stock issued to acquire an investment


	 


	$


	194,913


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	194,913


	 




	Common stock issued to acquire license


	 


	$


	1,800,000


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	1,800,000


	 









	 


	 


	The accompanying notes to financial statements
	are


	an integral part of these financial statements.


	 








	F-

	6










	 






	  



	SAFECODE DRUG TECHNOLOGIES CORP.




	(A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)






	NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



	 



	(1)

	 

	Summary of Significant
	Accounting Policies



	 



	Basis of Presentation and Organization



	 


	SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp (“SafeCode”
	or the “Company”) is a Delaware corporation in the development stage and has not commenced operations. The Company
	was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on November 23, 2010. The business plan of the Company is to license a
	commercial application of a voice enabled protector for administering medicine to third party entities interested in licensing
	the rights to manufacture and market the device. The accompanying financial statements of the Company were prepared from the accounts
	of the Company under the accrual basis of accounting.


	 



	Cash and Cash Equivalents

	 


	 


	For purposes of reporting within the statement
	of cash flows, the Company considers all cash on hand, cash accounts not subject to withdrawal restrictions or penalties, and all
	highly liquid debt instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be cash and cash equivalents.


	 



	Revenue Recognition



	 


	The Company is in the development stage and
	has yet to realize revenues from operations. Once the Company has commenced operations, it will recognize revenues when delivery
	of goods or completion of services has occurred provided there is persuasive evidence of an agreement, acceptance has been approved
	by its customers, the fee is fixed or determinable based on the completion of stated terms and conditions, and collection of any
	related receivable is probable.


	 



	Loss per Common Share



	 


	Basic loss per share is computed by dividing
	the net loss attributable to the common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during
	the period. Fully diluted loss per share is computed similar to basic loss per share except that the denominator is increased to
	include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the potential common shares had been issued
	and if the additional common shares were dilutive. There were no dilutive financial instruments issued or outstanding for the period
	ended December 31, 2012.


	 



	Income Taxes



	 


	Income taxes are accounted for under the asset
	and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the bases of certain
	assets and liabilities for income tax and financial reporting purposes. The deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified
	according to the financial statement classification of the assets and liabilities generating the differences.


	 


	The Company maintains a valuation allowance
	with respect to deferred tax assets. The Company establishes a valuation allowance based upon the potential likelihood of realizing
	the deferred tax asset and taking into consideration the Company’s financial position and results of operations for the current
	period. Future realization of the deferred tax benefit depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income within the carryforward
	period under the Federal tax laws.


	 


	Changes in circumstances, such as the Company
	generating taxable income, could cause a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset. Any change
	in the valuation allowance will be included in income in the year of the change in estimate.


	 








	F-

	7










	 






	  



	Fair Value of Financial Instruments



	 


	Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB)
	Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 820 “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures” (ASC 820) defines fair value
	as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most
	advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. ASC
	820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between (1) market participant assumptions developed based
	on market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs) and (2) a reporting entity’s own assumptions about
	market participant assumptions developed based on the best information available in the circumstances (unobservable inputs). The
	fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels, which gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets
	for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The three levels of the
	fair value hierarchy are described below:


	 


	Level 1 - Unadjusted quoted prices in active
	markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities.


	 


	Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices
	included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, including quoted prices
	for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that
	are not active; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (e.g., interest rates); and inputs
	that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means.


	 


	Level 3 - Inputs that are both significant
	to the fair value measurement and unobservable.


	 


	The Company estimates the fair value of financial
	instruments using the available market information and valuation methods. Considerable judgment is required in estimating fair
	value. Accordingly, the estimates of fair value may not be indicative of the amounts the Company could realize in a current market
	exchange.


	 


	As of December 31,2012 marketable securities
	were valued at $174,333 based on level 1 inputs.


	 


	As of December 31, 2012 and 2011, the carrying
	value of accounts payable and loans that are required to be measured at fair value, approximated fair value due to the short-term
	nature and maturity of these instruments.


	 



	Deferred Offering Costs



	 


	The Company defers as other assets the direct
	incremental costs of raising capital until such time as the offering is completed. If the offering is successful, these costs will
	be charged against the proceeds. If the offering is unsuccessful, these costs will be expensed.


	 



	Impairment of Long-Lived Assets



	 


	The Company evaluates the recoverability of
	long-lived assets and the related estimated remaining lives when events or circumstances lead management to believe that the carrying
	value of an asset may not be recoverable.


	 



	Estimates



	 


	The financial statements are prepared on the
	basis of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
	generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
	of assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2012, and expenses for the period ended December 31, 2012, and cumulative from inception.
	Actual results could differ from those estimates made by management.


	 








	F-

	8










	 






	  



	Fiscal Year End



	 


	The Company has adopted a fiscal year end
	of December 31.


	 



	Recent Accounting Pronouncements



	 


	In May 2011, the FASB issued ASU 2011-04,
	"Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Amendments to Achieve Common Fair Value Measurement and Disclosure Requirements in U.S.
	GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRSs")." Under ASU 2011-04, the guidance amends certain
	accounting and disclosure requirements related to fair value measurements to ensure that fair value has the same meaning in U.S.
	GAAP and in IFRS and that their respective fair value measurement and disclosure requirements are the same. ASU 2011-04 is effective
	for public entities during interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2011. Early adoption is not permitted. The Company
	does not believe that the adoption of ASU 2011-04 will have a material impact on the Company's results of operation and financial
	condition.


	 


	In June 2011, the FASB issued ASU No. 2011-05,
	"Comprehensive Income (ASC Topic 220): Presentation of Comprehensive Income," ("ASU 2011-05") which amends
	current comprehensive income guidance. This accounting update eliminates the option to present the components of other comprehensive
	income as part of the statement of shareholders' equity. Instead, comprehensive income must be reported in either a single continuous
	statement of comprehensive income which contains two sections, net income and other comprehensive income, or in two separate but
	consecutive statements. ASU 2011-05 will be effective for public companies during the interim and annual periods beginning after
	Dec. 15, 2011 with early adoption permitted. The Company does not believe that the adoption of ASU 2011-05 will have a material
	impact on the Company's results of operation and financial condition.


	 


	There were various other updates recently
	issued, most of which represented technical corrections to the accounting literature or application to specific industries.  None
	of the updates are expected to a have a material impact on the Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows.


	 



	(2)

	 

	Development Stage Activities
	and Going Concern



	 


	The Company is currently in the development
	stage, and has no operations. The business plan of the Company is to patent and develop a commercial application of a voice enabled
	protector for administering medicine and seek third party entities interested in licensing the rights to manufacture and market
	the device.


	 


	The Company commenced a capital formation
	activity by filing a Registration Statement on Form S-1 to the SEC to register and sell in a self-directed offering 20,000,000
	shares of newly issued common stock at an offering price of $0.005 per share for proceeds of up to $100,000. The Registration Statement
	was declared effective on December 27, 2011. On March 6, 2012, the Company issued 20,000,000

	 

	shares of common stock
	pursuant to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 for proceeds of $100,000. The offering costs of $20,000 related to this capital
	formation activity were charged against the capital raised.


	 


	The accompanying financial statements have
	been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, which contemplate continuation
	of the Company as a going concern. The Company has not established any source of revenue to cover its operating costs, and as such,
	has incurred an operating loss since inception. Further, as of December 31, 2012, the cash resources of the Company were insufficient
	to meet its current business plan. These and other factors raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue
	as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects
	on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the possible
	inability of the Company to continue as a going concern.


	 



	(3)

	 

	Marketable Securities



	 


	On November 26, 2012, the Company
	entered into a share exchange agreement with Biomedix Incubator, an Israeli company and a shareholder of Gefen Biomed
	Investments, a publicly traded Israeli company. The Company issued 1,082,851 shares to Biomedix Incubator and received in
	return 921,790 shares of Gefen Biomed Investments. The shares were valued at $194,913 which was the market price of the
	Company’s shares on the date of the exchange. The investment in Gefen is less than 4.9% of Gefen’s outstanding
	stock.


	 








	F-

	9










	 






	  


	As of December 31, 2012 marketable securities
	were designated as trading securities with an aggregate fair value of $174,333. The cost basis of the securities was $194,913.
	As of December 31, 2012, the unrealized loss presented in the statement of operations was $20,580.


	 



	(4)

	 

	License Agreeement



	 


	On November 15, 2012, the Company entered
	into a license agreement with Medisafe 1 Technologies Corp., a Delaware corporation and a public reporting company engaged in the
	development of medical technology products. Pursuant to the License Agreement, Safecode, as licensee, has been granted a non –
	exclusive perpetual license to manufacture, market and otherwise commercially exploit world-wide Medisafe's patented device for
	administering medicine in correct dosages to the correct patient . The License Agreement provides that as consideration for the
	license, Safecode will issue to Medisafe ten million shares of its common stock. The stock was valued at the market value of $1,800,000
	on the date issued. The License Agreement provides for certain adjustments in the event that Safecode's shares are not equal to
	$0.70 or greater than that price twelve months after the effective date of the agreement. As of December 31, 2012, the Company
	recorded an impairment expense for the full value of the license.


	 



	(5)

	 

	Loans from Related Parties
	- Directors and Stockholders




	 



	As of December 31, 2012, loans from related
	parties amounted to $13,773 and represented working capital advances from Directors who are also stockholders of the Company. The
	loans are unsecured, non-interest bearing, and due on demand.


	 



	(6)

	 

	Common Stock



	 


	On November 24, 2010, the Company issued 30,000,000
	shares of its common stock to individuals who are Directors and officers of the company for $3,000 or $0.0001 per share.


	 


	The Company commenced a capital formation
	activity by filing a Registration Statement on Form S-1 to the SEC to register and sell in a self-directed offering 20,000,000
	shares of newly issued common stock at an offering price of $0.005 per share for proceeds of up to $100,000. The Registration Statement
	was declared effective on December 27, 2011. On March 6, 2012, the Company issued 20,000,000

	 

	shares of common stock
	pursuant to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 for proceeds of $100,000. The offering costs of $20,000 related to this capital
	formation activity were charged against the capital raised.


	 


	On October 22, 2012 and October 30, 2012,
	the Company issued 13,500,000 shares of its unregistered common stock as payment for services. The shares were valued at $67,500
	or $0.005 per share based on agreement of the parties that the compensation for services was valued at the share price in the registration
	statement.


	 


	On November 15, 2012, the Company entered
	into a license agreement with Medisafe 1 Technologies Corp., a Delaware corporation and a public reporting company engaged in the
	development of medical technology products. Pursuant to the License Agreement, Safecode, as licensee, has been granted a non –
	exclusive perpetual license to manufacture, market and otherwise commercially exploit world-wide Medisafe's patented device for
	administering medicine in correct dosages to the correct patient . The License Agreement provides that as consideration for the
	license, Safecode will issue to Medisafe 10,000,000 shares of its common stock. The stock was valued at the market value of $1,800,000
	on the date issued.


	 


	On November 26, 2012, the Company
	entered into a share exchange agreement with Biomedix Incubator, an Israeli company and a shareholder of Gefen Biomed
	Investments, a publicly traded Isareali company. The Company issued 1,082,851 shares to Biomedix Incubator and received in
	return 921,790 shares of Gefen Biomed Investments. The shares were valued at $194,913 which was the market price of the
	Company’s shares on the date of the exchange. The investment in Gefen is less than 4.9% of Gefen’s outstanding
	stock.


	 








	F-

	10










	 






	  


	On December 18, 2012, the Company issued 1,500,000
	shares of its unregistered common stock as payment for services. The shares were valued at $52,650 or $0.0351 per share based on
	the current market price of the shares.


	 



	(7)

	 

	Income Taxes



	 


	The provision (benefit) for income taxes for
	the periods ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, was as follows (assuming a 23% effective tax rate):


	 








	 


	 


	2012


	 


	 


	2011


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Current Tax Provision:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Federal-


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Taxable income


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total current tax provision


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Deferred Tax Provision:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Federal-


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Loss carryforwards


	 


	$


	33,293


	 


	 


	$


	9,769


	 




	Amortization deduction


	 


	 


	142


	 


	 


	 


	142


	 




	Change in valuation allowance


	 


	 


	(33,435


	)


	 


	 


	(9,912


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total deferred tax provision


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 







	   


	The Company had deferred income tax assets
	as of December 31, 2012 and 2011, as follows:


	 








	 


	 


	2012


	 


	 


	2011


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Loss carryforwards


	 


	$


	43,644


	 


	 


	$


	10,351


	 




	Less - Valuation allowance


	 


	 


	(43,644


	)


	 


	 


	(10,351


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total net deferred tax assets


	 


	$


	-


	 


	 


	$


	-


	 







	   


	The Company provided a valuation allowance
	equal to the deferred income tax assets for the periods ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, because it is not presently known whether
	future taxable income will be sufficient to utilize the loss carryforwards.


	 


	As of December 31, 2012, the Company had approximately
	$170,000 in tax loss carryforwards that can be utilized in future periods to reduce taxable income, and expire by the year 2032.


	 


	The Company did not identify any material uncertain tax positions.
	 The Company did not recognize any interest or penalties for unrecognized tax benefits.


	 


	The Company will file income tax returns in the United States.
	All tax years are closed by expiration of the statute of limitations.



	 




	(8)

	 

	Related Party Transactions



	 


	As described in Note 5, as of S December 31,
	2012, the Company owed $13,773 to Directors, officers, and principal stockholders of the Company for working capital loans.


	 








	F-

	11










	 






	  


	As described in Note 6, on November 24, 2010,
	the Company issued 30,000,000 shares of its common stock to Directors and officers for $3,000 or $0.0001 per share. 


	 



	(9)

	 

	Commitment



	 


	On December 15, 2010,
	the Company entered into an Assignment Agreement whereby the Company acquired all of the rights, title and interests in the invention
	known as the “Voice enabled protector for administering medicine” for consideration of a 10% royalty on sales related
	to the invention net of excise taxes and duties.


	 








	F-

	12












	 






	  





	Item 8.      
	    Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.



	 


	None.



	 





	Item 8A(T).   Controls
	and Procedures.



	 


	EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES


	 


	We are required to maintain disclosure
	controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, that are designed
	to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
	within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
	management, including our CEO and Internal Accounting Officer , to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As of
	December 31 2012 we conducted an evaluation, under the supervision, and with the participation of our CEO and INTERNAL ACCOUNTING
	OFFICER , of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation,
	our CEO and INTERNAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.


	 


	Management does not expect that our Disclosure
	Controls and internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated,
	can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of
	a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative
	to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance
	that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include
	the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake.
	Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management
	or board override of the control.


	 


	The design of any system of controls also
	is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design
	will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because
	of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent
	limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.


	 


	MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL
	OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING


	 


	Our management is responsible for establishing
	and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule
	13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under the supervision
	of, the company's CEO and INTERNAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER and effected by the company's board of directors, management and other personnel,
	to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
	external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and includes those
	policies and procedures that:


	 




	 



	*




	Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;





	 




	 



	*




	Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and





	 









	14










	 






	 




	 



	*




	Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.





	 


	Because of its inherent limitations, internal
	control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
	periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
	with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations.
	Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement
	preparation and presentation. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control, there is a risk that material misstatements
	may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations
	are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce,
	though not eliminate, this risk.


	 


	As of December 31 2011 management assessed
	the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial
	reporting established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
	Treadway Commission (“COSO”) and SEC guidance on conducting such assessments. Based on that evaluation, they concluded
	that, during the period covered by this report, such internal controls and procedures were effective .


	 




	Attestation report of the registered
	public accounting firm




	 


	This annual report does not include an
	attestation report of the Company's registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's
	report was not subject to attestation by the Company's registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities
	and Exchange Commission that permit the company to provide only management's report in this annual report.


	 




	Changes in internal control over
	financial reporting




	 


	During the year ended December 31, 2012,
	there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
	affect our internal control over financial reporting.



	 





	Item 8B.        Other
	Information.



	 


	None


	 









	15












	 






	 





	PART III



	 





	Item 9.           Directors,
	Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.



	 




	Directors and Executive Officers






	 




	Our Directors hold office until the next
	annual meeting of our stockholders or until their successors is duly elected and qualified. Set forth below is a summary description
	of the principal occupation and business experience of each of our Directors and executive officers for at least the last five
	years.


	  


	Joel Klopfer has been our President and Director since the Company's
	inception on November 23 2010.


	 


	Joel Klopfer studied at Bet Matitjahu  Academic School
	in Benei Berak , Israel , Jewish History and Science from September  1999  until August 2003 where  he
	obtained his academic Degree. From September 2003 until January 2006 he worked as served as head of Operations in a telecommunications
	Company called QuickPhones , in Jerusalem . Mr Klopfer continued his career from February 2006 until present at “Meuchedet”
	one of the largest Governmental Health Care Organizations in Israel . He currently is head of Operations of four Branches of  “Meuchedet,”  all
	in the surrounding areas of and in Jerusalem, Israel . His duties include the overseeing all the operational activities, budgeting,
	internal and external governmental reporting requirements.


	 


	The Board believes that Mr Klopfer should serve as a Director
	and Chief Executive Officer due to his management and administrative skills all of which enable him to provide oversight and direction
	of the Company including overseeing its business operations and bringing the Company to its objective goals.


	 


	Itamar Zer  has been our Secretary,  Director
	and Principal Accounting and Financial Officer since the Company's inception.


	 


	Itamar Zer studied at Ber Jaacob Academic School in Ber Jaacob,
	Israel, Judicial Studies, Political Science and History, from September 2000 until August 2003 where he obtained
	his academic Degree. From September 2003 until present Mr Zer was employed and continues to be employed as the Controller
	of Hapisgah Change, a Financial Cash Change House, authorized by the Government of Israel, engaged in cash management, foreign
	currency exchange, and general banking activities, in Jerusalem. His duties include the overseeing of all cash management
	activities, cash flow analysis, internal and external governmental reporting.


	 


	The Board believes that Mr Zer should serve as a Director and
	as an accounting and finance Officer due to his accounting and finance knowledge and administrative skills all of which enable
	him to provide oversight and direction of the Company including overseeing all the financial aspects and reporting of the Company.


	 









	16










	 






	 


	There are no familial relationships among
	any of our directors or officers. None of our directors or officers is a director in any other U.S. reporting companies. None of
	our directors or officers has been affiliated with any company that has filed for bankruptcy within the last five years. The Company
	is not aware of any proceedings to which any of the Company’s officers or directors, or any associate of any such officer
	or director, is a party adverse to the Company or any of the Company’s subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse to
	it or any of its subsidiaries.


	 


	Each director of the Company serves for
	a term of one year or until the successor is elected at the Company's annual shareholders' meeting and is qualified, subject to
	removal by the Company's shareholders. Each officer serves, at the pleasure of the Board of Directors, for a term of one year and
	until the successor is elected at the annual meeting of the Board of Directors and is qualified.


	 




	Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance




	 


	Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange
	Act of 1934 requires officers and directors of the Company and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of the
	Company's equity securities to file reports of ownership and changes in their ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
	and forward copies of such filings to the Company. We believe, based solely on our review of the copies of such forms, that during
	the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011, all reporting persons complied with all applicable Section 16(a) filing requirements.


	 




	Auditors




	 


	Weinberg and Baer  CPA , an independent registered
	public accounting firm, are our auditors.


	 


	We do not currently have a Code of Ethics applicable to our
	principal executive, financial and accounting officers. We do not have a “financial expert” on the board or an audit
	committee or nominating committee.


	 




	Potential Conflicts of Interest




	 


	Since we do not have an audit or compensation
	committee comprised of independent directors, the functions that would have been performed by such committees are performed by
	our directors. The Board of Directors has not established an audit committee and does not have an audit committee financial expert,
	nor has the Board established a nominating committee. The Board is of the opinion that such committees are not necessary since
	the Company has only two directors, and to date, such directors have been performing the functions of such committees. Thus, there
	is a potential conflict of interest in that our directors and officers have the authority to determine issues concerning management
	compensation, nominations, and audit issues that may affect management decisions. We are not aware of any other conflicts of interest
	with any of our executive officers or directors.


	 




	Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings




	 


	There are no legal proceedings that have occurred within the
	past five years concerning our directors, or control persons which involved a criminal conviction, a criminal proceeding, an administrative
	or civil proceeding limiting one's participation in the securities or banking industries, or a finding of securities or commodities
	law violations.


	 









	17











	 






	 





	Item 10.         Executive
	Compensation.



	 




	Summary Compensation




	 


	Since our incorporation , we have  not
	paid any compensation to any of  our Directors  in consideration for their services rendered to our Company
	in their capacity as such.  We have no employment agreements with any of our Directors or executive officers.  We
	have no pension, health, annuity, bonus, insurance, stock options, profit sharing or similar benefit plans.


	 


	Since our incorporation , no stock options
	or stock appreciation rights were granted to any of our Directors or executive officers.  We have no long-term equity
	incentive plans.


	 




	Outstanding Equity Awards




	 


	None of our Directors or executive officers
	holds unexercised options, stock that has not vested, or equity incentive plan awards.


	 




	Compensation of Directors




	 


	Since our incorporation , no compensation
	has been paid to any of our Directors other than mentioned above  in consideration for their services rendered in their
	capacity as directors.



	 





	Item 11.         Security
	Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.



	 


	The following table lists, as of December
	31 2012 , the number of shares of common stock of our Company that are beneficially owned by (i) each person or entity known to
	our Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the outstanding common stock; (ii) each officer and director of our Company;
	and (iii) all officers and directors as a group. Information relating to beneficial ownership of common stock by our principal
	shareholders and management is based upon information furnished by each person using “beneficial ownership” concepts
	under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a
	security if that person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security, or investment
	power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner
	of any security of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under the Securities and Exchange
	Commission rules, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities, and a person may be deemed
	to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which he or she may not have any pecuniary beneficial interest. Except as noted below,
	each person has sole voting and investment power.


	 


	The percentages below are calculated based on 76,082,851 shares
	of our common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31 2012 . We do not have any outstanding options, warrants or other securities
	exercisable for or convertible into shares of our common stock.


	 









	18










	 






	 






	Name and Address of

	Beneficial Owner


	 


	Number of Shares of Common

	Stock Beneficially

	Owned or Right to

	Direct Vote  (1)


	 


	 


	Percent of

	Common

	Stock Beneficially

	Owned or Right

	to Direct Vote


	 




	Joel Klopfer


	 


	 


	15,000,000


	 


	 


	 


	19.7


	%




	Itamar Zer


	 


	 


	15,000,000


	 


	 


	 


	19.7


	%





	 


	(1) Beneficial ownership
	is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") and generally includes
	voting or investment power with respect to securities. In accordance with SEC rules, shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise
	of options or warrants which are currently exercisable or which become exercisable within 60 days following the date of the information
	in this table are deemed to be beneficially owned by, and outstanding with respect to, the holder of such option or warrant. Except
	as indicated by footnote, and subject to community property laws where applicable, to our knowledge, each person listed is believed
	to have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock owned by such person.



	 





	Item 12.         Certain
	Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.



	 


	Other than the transactions discussed below, we have not entered
	into any transaction nor are there any proposed transactions in which our Director, executive officer, stockholders, or any member
	of the immediate family of the foregoing had or is to have a direct or indirect material interest.


	 


	As of December 31, 2012, the Company owed $13,773 to Directors,
	officers, and principal stockholders of the Company for working capital loans.


	 


	On November 24, 2010, the Company issued 30,000,000 shares of
	its common stock to Directors and officers for $3,000 receivable. The Company received payment of the receivable in January 2011.


	 









	19










	 






	 




	Director Independence




	 


	We are not subject to listing requirements of any national securities
	exchange or national securities association and, as a result, we are not at this time required to have our board comprised of a
	majority of “independent directors.” We do not believe that any of our directors currently meet the definition of “independent”
	as promulgated by the rules and regulations of the American Stock Exchange.



	 





	Item 13.         Principal
	Accounting Fees and Services.



	 


	Our principal independent accountant is Weinberg and Bear LLC.
	Their pre-approved fees billed to the Company are set forth below:


	 






	 


	 


	For Fiscal Year Ended

	December 31, 2012


	 


	 


	For Fiscal Year Ended

	December 31, 2011


	 




	Audit Fees


	 


	$


	11,000


	 


	 


	$


	10,000


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Tax Fees ( Paid to Alan Weinberg CPA )


	 


	$


	500


	 


	 


	$


	500


	 





	 


	As of December 31, 2012, the Company did
	not have a formal documented pre-approval policy for the fees of the principal accountant. The Company does not have an audit committee.
	The percentage of hours expended on the principal accountant's engagement to audit our financial statements for the most recent
	fiscal year that were attributed to work performed by persons other than the principal accountant's full-time, permanent employees
	was 0%.




	 





	PART IV



	 





	Item 14.         Exhibits
	and Financial Statement Schedules.



	 







	Exhibit



	 



	Description





	 


	 


	 





	Exhibit



	 


	 




	 


	 


	 





	3.1



	 



	Articles of Incorporation of the Company (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Registration Statement on Form S1, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 21 2011)





	 


	 


	 





	3.2



	 



	Bylaws of the Company (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to Registration Statement on Form S1, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 21 2011)





	 


	 


	 





	3.3



	 



	Form of Common Stock Certificate of the Company (filed as Exhibit 3.3 to Registration Statement on Form S1, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 21 2011 )





	 


	 


	 





	10.1



	 



	Patent Assignment Agreement  (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Registration Statement on Form S1, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on  December 21 2011)





	 


	 


	 





	31.1



	 



	Certification of Principal Executive  Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002





	 


	 


	 





	31.2



	 



	Certification of Principal  Accounting Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002





	 


	 


	 





	32.1



	 



	Certification of Principal Executive  Officer pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002(filed herewith)





	 


	 


	 





	32.2



	 



	Certification of Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002(filed  herewith)






	 









	20












	 






	 




	 

	SIGNATURES



	 


	In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act,
	the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.


	 








	SAFECODE DRUG
	TECHNOLOGIES CORP





	 




	 






	 




	 




	 







	Date: March 25, 2013





	By: 




	/s/

	Joel Klopfer







	 




	Name: 




	 






	 




	Title: 




	Chief Executive Officer,  and Director






	 




	 




	 






	 




	By: 




	/s/

	Itamar Zer







	 




	Name: 




	 






	 




	Title: 




	Principal Accounting and Financial Officer , and Secretary





	    


	In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed
	below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.


	 








	Date: March 25, 2013





	By: 




	/s/

	Joel Klopfer







	 




	Name: 




	 






	 




	Title: 




	Chief Executive Officer,  and Director






	 




	 




	 







	Date: March 25, 2013





	By: 




	/s/

	Itamar Zer







	 




	Name: 




	 






	 




	Title: 




	Principal Accounting and Financial Officer , and Secretary





	 









	21


















	 



	EXHIBIT 31.1






	CERTIFICATION OF




	PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE  OFFICER




	PURSUANT TO SECTION 302(a) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
	ACT OF 2002



	 


	I,

	Joel Klopfer

	, certify that:


	 


	1.      I have reviewed this Annual
	Report on Form 10-K of the Registrant for the year ended December 31, 2012;


	 


	2.      Based
	on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
	to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
	the period covered by this report;


	 


	3.      Based
	on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
	respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
	in this report;


	 


	4.      As
	the Registrant’s certifying officer, I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
	(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
	Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:


	 


	a.      Designed such disclosure
	controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
	material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
	those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


	 


	b.      Designed such internal
	control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
	to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
	external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


	 


	c.      Evaluated the effectiveness
	of the Registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
	of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


	 


	d.      Disclosed in this report
	any change in the Registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant’s most
	recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
	or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and


	 


	5.      As
	the Registrant’s certifying officer, I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
	reporting, to the Registrant auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant’s Board of Directors (or persons performing
	the equivalent functions):


	 


	a.      All significant deficiencies
	and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
	adversely affect the Registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and


	 


	b.      Any fraud, whether or
	not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant’s internal control
	over financial reporting.


	 





	Date: March 25, 2013





	SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp






	 


	 




	 



	By:




	/s/

	Joel Klopfer




	 




	 



	Name:  

	Title:   Chief Executive Officer,  and Director






	 








	 
















	 



	EXHIBIT 31.2






	CERTIFICATION OF




	PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER




	PURSUANT TO SECTION 302(a) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
	ACT OF 2002



	 


	I,

	Itamar Zer

	certify that:


	 


	1.      I have reviewed this Annual
	Report on Form 10-K of the Registrant for the year ended December 31, 2012


	 


	2.      Based
	on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
	to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
	the period covered by this report;


	 


	3.      Based
	on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
	respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
	in this report;


	 


	4.      As
	the Registrant’s certifying officer, I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
	(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
	Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:


	 


	a.      Designed such disclosure
	controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
	material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
	those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


	 


	b.      Designed such internal
	control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
	to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
	external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


	 


	c.      Evaluated the effectiveness
	of the Registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
	of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


	 


	d.      Disclosed in this report
	any change in the Registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant’s most
	recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
	or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and


	 


	5.      As
	the Registrant’s certifying officer, I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
	reporting, to the Registrant auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant’s Board of Directors (or persons performing
	the equivalent functions):


	 


	a.      All significant deficiencies
	and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
	adversely affect the Registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and


	 


	b.      Any fraud, whether or
	not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant’s internal control
	over financial reporting.


	 





	Date: March  25,  2013





	SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp






	 


	 




	 



	By:




	/s/

	Itamar Zer




	 




	 



	Name:  


	Title:   Principal Accounting and Financial
	Officer ,  and Secretary






	 








	 














	 



	EXHIBIT 32.1






	CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO




	18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350




	AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO




	SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
	OF 2002



	 



	Joel Klopfer

	 the Chief Executive
	Officer,  and Director of SAFECODE DRUG TECHNOLOGIES CORP  , certifies, under the standards set forth and solely
	for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge,
	the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Registrant for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012, fully complies with the requirements
	of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in that Form 10-K fairly presents, in
	all material respects, the financial condition and  results of operations of the Registrant.


	 


	(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
	13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and


	 


	(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
	in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.


	 





	Date: March 25, 2013





	SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp






	 


	 




	 



	By:




	/s/

	Joel Klopfer




	 




	 



	Name:  


	Title:    Chief Executive Officer,
	and  Director





	 


	A signed original of this written statement required by Section
	906 has been provided to the Registrant and will be retained by the Registrant and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
	or its staff upon request.



	 








	 














	  



	EXHIBIT 32.2






	CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO




	18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350




	AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO




	SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
	OF 2002



	 



	Itamar Zer

	the Principal Accounting
	and Financial Officer, and Secretary  of Baby All Corp, certifies, under the standards set forth and solely for the purposes
	of 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge, the Annual Report
	on Form 10-K of the Registrant for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
	or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in that Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects,
	the financial condition and  results of operations of the Registrant.


	 


	(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
	13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and


	 


	(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
	in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.


	 





	Date: March 25, 2013





	SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp






	 


	 




	 



	By:




	/s/

	Itamar Zer




	 




	 



	Name:  


	Title:    Principal Accounting
	and Financial Officer, and Secretary





	 


	A signed original of this written statement required by Section
	906 has been provided to the Registrant and will be retained by the Registrant and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
	or its staff upon request.



	 








	 






	 






  SAFC Stock Quote - SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp   SAFC:US      Ticker Delisted     USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -0.01    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding  (m)   143.375    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   SafeCode Drug Technologies Corporation owns the rights to a device intended to make the administration of medicines safer.  The device matches drug name voice templates as a threshold mechanism for unlocking a medication container such as a syringe or pill box.  If the names of the medication or patient don't match, or the dose doesn't match, the medication can't be administered.    Address  c/o Joel Klopfer6 Meever HaMiltah StreetJerusalem, 97761Israel   Phone  972-507839976   Website   -     Executives Board Members    Joel Klopfer  President    Itamar Zer  Secretary/Principal Officer     Show More         




















 



 SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp Signs an Agreement With INTOVISION PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT & DESIGN (An 
         










    









 






 











 









SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp Signs an Agreement With INTOVISION PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT & DESIGN (An Israeli Product Development Co) to Manufacturers the World's First Voice Recognition Drug Safety Application Prototype

Jan 17, 2013, 08:51 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Safecode Drug Technologies Corp. 











 
















































 

 




















 


JERUSALEM, January 17, 2013 /PRNewswire/ --
SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp. (OTCBB: SAFC), a developer of a patent-pending voice recognition technology that reduces the risks of errors during the administration of prescription medications, has signed an agreement with INTOVISION PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT & DESIGN  to manufacturers the world's first voice recognition drug safety application  Prototype.
The development is expected to take 4 months at which time it will be demonstrated to the world's leading drug (and drug container) manufacturers.
A video demonstration of the product applications can be viewed at http://youtube/PEy9ygT6jaA.
SafeCode is the developer of the world's first patent-protected voice recognition technology used to confirm prescription medications prior to their administration at home or in a medical center.  
Using SafeCode technology, prescription medications stored in specially designed locked containers can only be accessed and administered once the caregiver or patient correctly announces the name of the drug.
The technology ensures that the appropriate medication is being administered, as mistakes have accounted for thousands of deaths in recent years.  Often, nurses, doctors or patients are not careful when giving or taking medications and much medication's packaging may look similar. SafeCode Technology prevents medication errors, and thereby reduces the risk of severe injury or accidental death.
"We are hopeful that a contract with a manufacturer will be signed in the coming weeks, enabling us to build our first product prototype," said Joel Klopfer, Chief Executive Officer of SafeCode Drug Technologies.  "There is a large addressable market for this technology due to the thousands of deaths each year related to medication errors."
About SafeCode Drug Technologies
SafeCode Drug Technologies is the developer of a patent-pending voice recognition technology that provides an essential degree of security that can effectively prevent unauthorized administration of a prescription medication.  
Forward-Looking Statements
This letter contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended. All forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain, based on current expectations and assumptions concerning future events or future performance of SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp., and its technologies. In evaluating such statements, prospective investors should review carefully various risks and uncertainties identified in this release, as actual results may differ materially from those indicated.  SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp. public filings may be viewed at http://www.sec.gov.
Contact:
Joel Klopfer
Joel.Klofer1@gmail.com
+9722-5021322

 SOURCE  Safecode Drug Technologies Corp.  




  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Mar 12, 2013, 09:13 ET
Preview: SafeCode Drug Technologies Acquires Breakthrough Painless Injection Technology













Jan 07, 2013, 08:30 ET
Preview: Safecode Drug Technologies Receives Investment From Biomedix Ltd






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 










SAFECODE DRUG TECHNOLOGIES CORP. IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





SAFECODE DRUG TECHNOLOGIES CORP. IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
SAFECODE DRUG TECHNOLOGIES CORP.


Company Address
6 MAEVER HAMILTAH STREETJERUSALEM 97761


Company Phone
97225021322


Company Website
 -- 


CEO
Joel Klopfer


Employees  (as of 12/21/2011) 
2


State of Inc
DE


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Filed (5/13/2011)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange
OTCBB


Share Price
$0.01


Shares Offered
20,000,000


Offer Amount
$100,000.00


Total Expenses
$21,512.00


Shares Over Alloted
 -- 


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
50,000,000


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001508470




The net proceeds to us from the sale of up to 20,000,000 shares offered at 
a public offering price of $0.005 per share will vary depending upon the total
number of shares sold. Regardless of the number of shares sold, we expect to 
incur offering expenses estimated at approximately $21,500, consisting of 
$20,000 for legal, accounting (incurred), and $1,500 of other costs in 
connection with this offering (estimated transfer agent fees). The table 
below shows the intended net proceeds from this offering we expect to receive 
for scenarios where we sell various amounts of the shares. Since we are making
this offering without any minimum requirement, there is no guarantee that we 
will be successful at selling any of the securities being offered in this 
prospectus. Accordingly, the actual amount of proceeds we will raise in this 
offering, if any, may differ. 

None of the proceeds from this offering will be used to pay the salaries or 
make other payments to our officers and directors in relation to outstanding 
loans to the Company. 

Percent of Net Proceeds Received 

                             40%            60%            80%         100%  
   
Shares Sold               8,000,000     12,000,000     16,000,000   20,000,000
Gross Proceeds          $    40,000   $     60,000   $     80,000  $   100,000
Less Offering Expenses  $   (21,500)  $    (21,500)  $    (21,500) $   (21,500)
Net Offering Proceeds   $    18,500   $     38,500   $     58,500  $    78,500

The Use of proceeds set forth below demonstrates how we intend to use the 
funds under the various percentages of amounts of the related offering. All 
amounts listed below are estimates. 

                                 40%         60%           80%           100%     

General working capital        $  -           -           4,366        $  13,366     

Promotion and 3 rd Party Search 
for licensing the Patent       $ 1,366      11,366       20,000        $  25,000     

SEC compliance fees; legal, 
accounting, and transfer 
agent fees                     $ 7,000      17,000       24,000        $  30,000     

Existing Liabilities           $10,134      10,134       10,134        $  10,134     
                                                   
Total                        $  18,500      38,500       58,500        $  78,500

Our offering expenses are comprised of legal and accounting expenses and 
transfer agent fees relating to the offering. Our Officers and Directors will
not receive any compensation for their efforts in selling our shares. 

We intend to use the proceeds of this offering in the manner and in order of 
priority set forth above. We do not intend to use the proceeds to acquire 
assets or finance the acquisition of other businesses. At present, no material
changes are contemplated. Should there be any material changes in the 
projected use of proceeds in connection with this offering, we will issue an
amended prospectus reflecting the new uses. 

In all instances, after the effectiveness of this registration statement, the
Company will need some amount of working capital to maintain its general 
existence and comply with its public reporting obligations. Our Company 
estimates that we will need approximately an additional $30,000 per year to 
cover additional expenses for public reporting, legal fees, accounting, 
auditing, and transfer of agent fees.  The Company recognizes that if it 
does not raise net proceeds of at least $65,134 in this offering, it will 
have to seek additional funds to cover these expenses.  The $65,134 in net 
proceeds that we need to stay in business for twelve months is comprised of 
(i) $10,134 for existing liabilities, (ii) $25,000 for promotional and 
marketing expenses to locate and contract with one or more third party 
licensees, and (iii) $30,000 for SEC reporting expenses.  While the existing 
liabilities on our balance sheet also include $14,576 in shareholder loans 
and $20,000 in deferred offering costs, the shareholders loans do not have 
a fixed repayment date and the deferred offering costs will be paid out of 
the gross proceeds from the offering.   The net proceeds from the offering
will not be used to pay either of these liabilities. 

In addition to changing allocations because of the amount of proceeds 
received, we may change the use of proceeds because of required changes in 
our business plan. Investors should understand that we have wide discretion 
over the use of proceeds. Therefore, management decisions may not be in line 
with the initial objectives of investors who will have little ability to 
influence these decisions.


While there are many medical dispensers on the market, we have not found any 
that offer the same benefits as the SafeCode Drug Technologies Corp. 
invention. For example, patents Wirtschafter (U.S. Pat. No. 5,233,571), 
Albeck (U.S. Pat. No. 5,313,439), and Walters (U.S. Pat. No. 5,751,661) all 
incorporate the timing mechanisms and alarms in the cap or lid of the 
medication bottle or container itself to help prevent a patient from taking 
medication at the wrong time. However, these patents to not protect the 
patient from a medical care-giver administering the wrong medication. 

Our proposed product differs from the technology owned by Medisafe 1
Technologies Corp. in that in Medisafe's product, the locking device on the 
container holding the medicinal substance has a bar code, and a bar code is 
also attached to the patient who is to receive the medicine.  A bar code 
reader then reads and matches the two bar codes, and then the locking device 
is unlocked upon the two bar codes matching one another.  Our proposed 
product, (in addition to the use of bar codes), a pre-set voice detection 
microchip is used on the locking device.  The microchip contains the name of 
the medicine, and a human voice has to pronounce the name of the medicine.  
In the event of a match, the locking device is released to ensure the correct
medicine is opened. 
  
This voice recognition procedure is a procedure to ensure the right medicine, 
drug is being opened, prior to them ensuring administration to the correct 
patient. 
  
The Company does not have any relationship with Medisafe 1 Technologies Corp. 

A key element of our technology is the software application that stores 
template patterns for medicines and matches these templates to drug names 
used by care-givers such as doctors and nurses. Because we do not plan to 
design and manufacture a product based on our patent-pending invention, we 
cannot fully determine how the product will appear. We intend for these 
aspects  to be handled by the 3 rd party partner or partners who license our 
technology.


Company Description
We were incorporated in Delaware on November 23, 2010 and are a development 
stage company. On December 15, 2010, we entered into an exclusive Assignment 
agreement with Mr. Uri Tagger, inventor, in relation to a patent-pending 
invention for a voice-enabled protector for administering medicine.


 The 
assigned technology has the potential to be adopted as a standard in all 
hospitals and care centers, for improving the safety of medication 
administration. Specifically, the invention is intended to match drug name 
voice templates as a threshold mechanism for unlocking a medication container 
such as a syringe or pill box. This invention is intended to help minimize 
accidentally administering the wrong medication to a patient by requiring 
a care-giver, such as a doctor or a nurse, to verbally announce the name of 
the medication that should be administered. If the medicine does not match  
the verbally announced name of the medication  the medicine cannot be 
administered. 

The patent-pending technology was transferred to SafeCode Drug Technologies 
Corp. by Mr. Uri Tagger (inventor), in exchange  for a commitment to pay 10% 
of future royalties on any revenues we may derive from the patent. This 
agreement was executed on December 15, 2010. 

The assigned patent-pending technology for a voice-enabled protector for 
administering medicine, is intended to feature several components Including;
a drug name identifier; a computer readable medium containing a stored
template that identifies the drug trade name, the compound name, etc.; 
a processing unit capable of sending the stored voice templates to a computer, 
and  a software application hosted on a computer system. The computer will 
have standard equipment such as a motherboard, keyboard, mouse, monitor, etc. 
but also have a microphone capable of receiving voice commands and recording 
the voice templates against which the voice commands are compared. 

The computer to be used with the technology will be required to have Internet 
capabilities including an internal modem or a connection to a modem and 
Internet access to enable the program to access a central repository of 
stored voice templates of drug brand names, generic brand names, or 
a combination of both. The audio recording program should include voice 
recognition software for interacting with the microphone and to record the 
voice templates. 

We have not yet developed our proposed product, and we have not yet obtained 
objective evidence that our invention can reliably perform the functions 
described above. 

We plan to license the patent to a third-party to design, manufacture, and 
market the device against an initial payment to us and a percentage licensing 
agreement to be paid quarterly. 

Our principal offices are located at 6 Meever HaMiltah Street , Jerusalem 
97761, Israel. Our telephone number is 972-507839976. Our registered office 
in Delaware is located at 113 Barksdale Professional Center, Newark, DE 19711,
and our registered agent is Delaware Intercorp.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
 -- 


Net Income
-$15,949


Total Assets
$20,000






Total Liabilities
$44,710


Stockholders' Equity
-$24,710




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 9 Total: 9
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



SAFECODE DRUG TECHNOLOGIES CORP.
S-1/A
12/21/2011
Filing



SAFECODE DRUG TECHNOLOGIES CORP.
S-1/A
12/19/2011
Filing



SAFECODE DRUG TECHNOLOGIES CORP.
S-1/A
12/6/2011
Filing



SAFECODE DRUG TECHNOLOGIES CORP.
S-1/A
11/29/2011
Filing



SAFECODE DRUG TECHNOLOGIES CORP.
S-1/A
11/14/2011
Filing



SAFECODE DRUG TECHNOLOGIES CORP.
S-1/A
11/1/2011
Filing



SAFECODE DRUG TECHNOLOGIES CORP.
S-1/A
10/6/2011
Filing



SAFECODE DRUG TECHNOLOGIES CORP.
S-1/A
9/6/2011
Filing



SAFECODE DRUG TECHNOLOGIES CORP.
S-1
5/13/2011
Filing







Experts


Auditor
Weinberg and Baer, LLC


Company Counsel
John A, Cacchioli, Esq


Transfer Agent
Nevada Agency and Trust


Underwriter
Self-underwritten






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6357.24


-24.95
 ▼ 
0.39%





DJIA

21792.50


-4.05
 ▼ 
0.02%





S&P 500

2467.13


-8.29
 ▼ 
0.33%










Data as of Jul 28, 2017 | 11:02AM


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            MakeMyTrip Limited to Report Fiscal 2018 First Quarter Financial & Operating Results on August 9, 2
                        



	                    11:00AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Consolidated Communications launches CCI All Access App
                        



	                    11:00AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Republican effort to gut Obamacare crashes in U.S. Senate
                        



	                    10:55AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            American Airlines revenue, adjusted profit beats forecasts
                        



	                    10:36AM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





































