


























Contact | Saga Communications




















































Skip to content










Contact 







Corporate Offices
Suite 201
73 Kercheval Avenue
Grosse Pointe Farms, MI 48236
Phone: 313-886-7070
Fax: 313-886-7150.


Please use the form below to contact Saga Communications.

Please choose a market:CorporateAsheville, NCBellingham, WABrattleboro, VTBucyrus, OHChampaign, ILCharlottesville, VAClarksville, TNColumbus, OHDes Moines, IAGreenfield, MAIthaca, NYHarrisonburg, VAJonesboro, ARJoplin, MOKeene, NHManchester, NHMilwaukee, WIMitchell, SDNorfolk, VANorthampton, MAPortland, MESpencer, IASpringfield, ILSpringfield, MAVictoria, TXYankton, SDName*


First



Last


Email*

CompanyPhone*CityMessage*

 











 
















































Who We Are | Saga Communications



















































Skip to content











Who We Are 

Find out how to contact us.



Ed Christian
President & CEO




Warren Lada
COO



Marcia Lobaito
Senior Vice President



Cathy Bobinski
Senior Vice President/Controller



Sam Bush
Senior Vice President
Chief Financial Officer



Bob Lawrence
Vice President of Programming 



Matt Nystrom
Vice President of Digital Media















































Contact | Saga Communications




















































Skip to content










Contact 







Corporate Offices
Suite 201
73 Kercheval Avenue
Grosse Pointe Farms, MI 48236
Phone: 313-886-7070
Fax: 313-886-7150.


Please use the form below to contact Saga Communications.

Please choose a market:CorporateAsheville, NCBellingham, WABrattleboro, VTBucyrus, OHChampaign, ILCharlottesville, VAClarksville, TNColumbus, OHDes Moines, IAGreenfield, MAIthaca, NYHarrisonburg, VAJonesboro, ARJoplin, MOKeene, NHManchester, NHMilwaukee, WIMitchell, SDNorfolk, VANorthampton, MAPortland, MESpencer, IASpringfield, ILSpringfield, MAVictoria, TXYankton, SDName*


First



Last


Email*

CompanyPhone*CityMessage*

 











 
















































Home | Saga Communications
















































Skip to content










Your browser does not support the video tag. I suggest you upgrade your browser.
                Your browser does not support the video tag. I suggest you upgrade your browser.
              





 We believe in local media.

                        At Saga Communications, we believe local media has the power to affect communities. For more than 30 years all of our brands have been operated by local managers committed to building positive relationships with our audiences and clients.                    
 
 












                                Radio                            

                                Radio is the heart of our being. We have a rich portfolio that spans 26 diverse U.S. markets comprising more than 100 brands. Radio continues to be the most efficient way for businesses to reach local markets en masse.                            
 


                            Television                            

                                We operate television stations in Joplin, MO and Victoria, TX and maintain affiliations with all major networks including ABC, NBC, CBS, and Fox. Our television strategy orbits tightly around producing top-quality local news coverage.                            
 
 



                            Events                            

                                Our teams organize and host thousands of local events each year. These engagements create opportunities for our our audience, talent, and clients to develop meaningful relationships throughout their communities.                            



                            Digital                            

                                Digital solutions enable us to reach beyond our terrestrial broadcasts. We build and maintain products for brands and our clients that include websites, mobile apps, content streaming, podcasts, e-commerce, and more.                            

 
 
 




Featured brands
 
 





Listen





Listen





Listen





Listen

 
 
 




Executives
 
 







Ed Christian
President









Warren Lada
Chief Operating Officer









Marcia Lobaito
Senior Vice President









Cathy Bobinski
Senior Vice President/Controller









Sam Bush
Senior Vice President/Chief Financial Officer









Bob Lawrence
Vice President of Programming









Matt Nystrom
Vice President of Digital Media









Tom Atkins
Director of Engineering









Tracy Cleeton
Director of IT



 



Board of Directors
 
 


Timothy J. Clarke


Edward K. Christian
Chairman


Gary G. Stevens
Lead Director


Clarke R. Brown Jr.


Roy "Copey" F. Coppedge III


Dean Pearce

 
 
 





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Information Request - Saga Communications, Inc.









































Skip to content







Information Request






Contact the Board
You can contact Saga Communications, Inc.'s Board of Directors to provide comments, to report concerns, or to ask a question, at the following address. 
Corporate Secretary Saga Communications, Inc. 73 Kercheval Avenue Grosse Pointe Farms, MI 48236 United States

You may submit your concern anonymously or confidentially by postal mail. You may also indicate whether you are a shareholder, customer, supplier, or other interested party.
Communications are distributed to the Board, or to any individual directors as appropriate, depending on the facts and circumstances outlined in the communication. In that regard, the Saga Communications, Inc. board of directors has requested that certain items which are unrelated to the duties and responsibilities of the board should be excluded, such as:

Product complaints
Product inquiries
New product suggestions
Resumes and other forms of job inquiries
Surveys
Business solicitations or advertisements

In addition, material that is unduly hostile, threatening, illegal or similarly unsuitable will be excluded, with the provision that any communication that is filtered out must be made available to any non-management director upon request.
You may also communicate online with our Board of Directors as a group.



Information Request


                Thank you for your interest in Saga Communications, Inc.  Please let us know if you have any comments or questions.Investor Relations Contact:Mr. Samuel D. BushSaga Communications, Inc.73 Kercheval Ave.Grosse Pointe Farms, MI 48236
            
 
 
First Name










 
Last Name










 
Email










 
Title










 
Question and Comments


























                        This form submits information via e-mail which is inherently insecure.   Please do not include ANY personal information
  that you do not wish to be shared with others.
                    


Submit

Required Field















Copyright 2017, © S&P Global Market Intelligence  Terms of Use





×
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
























The investor relations site ("Site") with which this document is associated is maintained by S&P Global Market Intelligence ("S&P") on behalf of the organization featured on the Site (S&P's "Client"). These Terms and Conditions of Use ("Terms of Use") set forth the terms on which you may use the Site, and the information and materials contained therein (the "Contents"). By using the Site, you agree to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you are not authorized to use the Site or Contents in any manner, and you should immediately discontinue any use of the Site or the Contents.
S&P and/or its Client shall have the right at any time to modify or discontinue any aspect of the Site or any part of the Contents. S&P may also modify these Terms of Use without notice. You agree to monitor these Terms of Use, and to cease all access or use of the Site if you no longer agree to abide by the Terms of Use. Your continued use of the Site shall constitute acceptance of such modification.
S&P and the Client grant to you a limited, personal license to access the Site and to access and download the Contents, but only for your own personal, family and household use. You may not use, reproduce, distribute or display any portion of the Site for any other purpose, including without limit any commercial purpose. You may use the Site and the Contents for lawful purposes only. S&P and Client reserve all rights not expressly granted, including the right to terminate your use of the Site without notice.
The Site contains copyrighted material, trademarks and service marks, and other proprietary information, including but not limited to text, software, and graphics, which materials are owned by S&P and/or its Client. S&P and Client reserve all rights in the Contents. You agree not to reproduce, distribute, sell, broadcast, publish, retransmit, disseminate, circulate or commercially exploit the Site or the Contents without the express written consent of S&P and the Client.
You agree to access the Contents and the Site manually, by request, and not automatically, through the use of a program, or other means. You agree not to take any action, alone or with others, that would interfere with the operation of the Site, to alter the Site in any way, or to impede others' access to and freedom to enjoy and use the Site as made available by S&P and S&P’s Client.
THE SITE AND THE CONTENTS ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS. S&P, ITS CLIENT, AND ANY OTHER PROVIDERS OF THE INFORMATION EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTY OF ACCURACY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
NEITHER, S&P, THE CLIENT NOR EITHER OF THEIR AFFILIATES, SHAREHOLDERS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR REPRESENTATIVES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY , PUNITIVE SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE SITE, THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE, OR THE CONTENTS, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN PARTICULAR, S&P WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY YOUR RELIANCE ON INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE.
                                    
It is your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any of the Contents available on the Site. Please seek the advice of professionals regarding the evaluation of any of the information on the Site.
The Site does not represent an offer or solicitation with respect to the purchase or sale of any security.
These Terms of Use are the entire agreement between the parties with respect to its subject matter, and it can be amended only via written agreement by S&P. These terms and conditions shall be governed by the law of New York, without regard to principals of conflicts or choice of laws.

























  SGA:NYSE MKT LLC Stock Quote - Saga Communications Inc - Bloomberg Markets              

       



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Saga Communications Inc   SGA:US   NYSE MKT LLC        39.35USD   0.25   0.63%     As of 8:04 PM EDT 7/27/2017     Open   39.90    Day Range   39.00 - 40.20    Volume   7,171    Previous Close   39.60    52Wk Range   37.75 - 52.05    1 Yr Return   0.61%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   39.90    Day Range   39.00 - 40.20    Volume   7,171    Previous Close   39.60    52Wk Range   37.75 - 52.05    1 Yr Return   0.61%    YTD Return   -21.77%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   14.36    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   2.74    Market Cap (m USD)   232.356    Shares Outstanding  (m)   5.026    Price/Sales (TTM)   1.62    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   3.03%        Sector Consumer Discretionary   % Price Change -0.99%     Industry Media   % Price Change -0.18%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/17/2017   Saga Communications, Inc. Announces Date and Time of 2nd Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and Conference Call     7/5/2017   US broadcast station M&A volume nears $4.5 billion in Q2 2017, due primarily to large TV deals     5/10/2017   Saga Communications, Inc. Enters into an Agreement to Sell its Television Stations in Joplin, MO and Victoria, TX to Morgan Mur     5/4/2017   Saga Communications, Inc. Reports 1st Quarter 2017 Results     4/11/2017   Saga Communications, Inc. Announces Date and Time of 1st Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and Conference Call     3/7/2017   Saga Communications, Inc. Reports 4th Quarter and Year End 2016 Results     3/3/2017   Saga Communications, Inc. Declares Quarterly Cash Dividend of $0.30 per Share     2/1/2017   Saga Communications, Inc. Announces Date and Time of 4th Quarter and Year End 2016 Earnings Release and Conference Call    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Saga Communications, Inc. acquires, develops, and operates broadcast properties. The Company owns and operates FM and AM radio stations, state radio networks, a farm radio network, and television stations in the United States.    Address  73 Kercheval AvenueGrosse Pointe Farms, MI 48236United States   Phone  1-313-886-7070   Website   www.sagacommunications.com     Executives Board Members    Edward K Christian  Chairman/President/CEO/Founder    Warren S Lada  Chief Operating Officer    Samuel D Bush  Senior VP/CFO/Treasurer    Marcia K Lobaito  Senior VP/Dir:Bus Affairs/Secy    Catherine A Bobinski "Cathy"  Senior VP:Finance/Chiief Acctg Ofcr     Show More         




















 



 Saga Communications, Inc. Announces that Bob Lawrence is Joining the Company as Vice 
         










    










 






 











 









Saga Communications, Inc. Announces that Bob Lawrence is Joining the Company as Vice President/Group Program Director

Apr 09, 2015, 16:30 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Saga Communications, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


GROSSE POINTE FARMS, Mich., April 9, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Saga Communications, Inc. (NYSE MKT: SGA) today reported that Bob Lawrence is joining the company as Vice President and Group Program Director.  Bob previously was President and CEO of Pinnacle Media Worldwide, a company that worked with radio clients in the areas of strategic research, product direction, and brand focus.  
Edward K. Christian, President and Chief Executive Officer of Saga Communications, Inc. said, "We had excellent candidates express interest in the position of Vice President and Group Program Director for Saga.  We have worked with Bob Lawrence and Pinnacle for years and have always been impressed with his radio knowledge, analysis, and solutions to problems.  He already understands the Saga culture and this will be a seamless transition for him and us.  I welcome Bob as a member of our team."
Bob Lawrence said, "I'm so very honored and thrilled that Ed Christian has invited me to join the many talented managers and programmers at one of the most respected and successful media companies in the industry.  Leaving such a labor of love as Pinnacle Media after so many years is indeed, difficult.  I have created so many wonderful, lifelong friendships but I am very blessed and grateful for this new and exciting chapter with Saga."
Saga is a broadcasting company whose business is devoted to acquiring, developing and operating broadcast properties.  Saga owns or operates broadcast properties in 25 markets, including 62 FM and 30 AM radio stations, 1 state radio network, 4 television stations and 5 low-power television stations. For additional information, contact us at (313) 886-7070 or visit our website at www.sagacom.com.
 SOURCE  Saga Communications, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.sagacommunications.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Apr 14, 2015, 12:07 ET
Preview: Saga Communications, Inc. Announces Date and Time of 1st Quarter 2015 Earnings Release and Conference Call


















Apr 08, 2015, 11:30 ET
Preview: Saga Communications, Inc. Enters into an Agreement to Acquire 3 FM and 2 AM Radio Stations and 1 FM Translator Serving the Harrisonburg, VA Radio Market








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More











May 04, 2017, 09:00 ET
Saga Communications, Inc. Announces Date and Time of 2nd Quarter...














May 04, 2017, 09:00 ET
Saga Communications, Inc. Enters into an Agreement to Sell its...














May 04, 2017, 09:00 ET
Saga Communications, Inc. Reports 1st Quarter 2017 Results











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 

Saga Communications, Inc.                                                                                                - Spencer                                           , IA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



IA



Spencer



Radio Broadcasting Stations



Radio Broadcasting Stations



                            Saga Communications, Inc.
                                    



 





















S 


Saga Communications, Inc.                                                                                               
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2600 HIGHWAY BLVD SPENCER, IA 51301
Get Directions



(712) 580-1240
www.sagacom.com                                                                                         





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 24
 Industries Radio Broadcasting Stations
 Contacts Dave Putnam                                                                                                             







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














Saga Communications Inc. Executives, Organizational Chart, Company Profile Information, Contacts | Headquarters, Locations, News   












Submit

ContactCareersLogin

MENUtoggle
Our Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions [Column]  ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention  [Column]  Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation  [Column]  Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & Ranking Knowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News Pricing

Menu

HomeOur Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & RankingKnowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News PricingGet a Free ProfileSchedule a DemoRequest PricingContact UsLogin
Home / Companies / Saga Communications Inc.


Saga Communications Inc.

73 Kercheval Avenue Suite 201
Grosse Pointe Farms MI 48236 United States
Phone: +1 313-___-____
Fax: +1 313-___-____
http://www.sagacommunications.com





9
Managers




40
IT employees




$8.9MEST.
IT Budget




Saga Communications, Inc. is a broadcast company that acquires, develops, and operates radio and television stations. Currently, the company owns and/or operates five television stations and four low-power television stations serving three markets, and five radio information networks, in addition… MoreSaga Communications, Inc. is a broadcast company that acquires, develops, and operates radio and television stations. Currently, the company owns and/or operates five television stations and four low-power television stations serving three markets, and five radio information networks, in addition to 61 FM and 30 AM radio stations serving 23 markets.
IT Operations at Saga Communications encompasses support of the company's 29 dispersed locations. The IT group is responsible for 1500 systems, 150 servers, and technology support of over 800 internal users.

The IT group consists of a centralized Infrastructure and operations… MoreIT Operations at Saga Communications encompasses support of the company's 29 dispersed locations. The IT group is responsible for 1500 systems, 150 servers, and technology support of over 800 internal users.

The IT group consists of a centralized Infrastructure and operations head that manages the regional IT managers. Managers in the Northeast, Southeast and Midwest regions have direct responsibility for installation and support of PCs, servers, networking equipment, Microsoft Exchange management and troubleshooting. The company runs four Microsoft exchange servers (two are front-facing and two are part of the back-end systems), and maintain three Active Directory domains. Saga Communications, Inc used help from Balsys Technology Group to upgrade the technology at its radio offices. The company installed several telecommunication and network tools from Cisco and OMT's IMediaTouch as a radio automation system. The company recently implemented Zetta's Enterprise Storage system to move its data to the cloud and increase protection for its stored content. Sources at Saga Communications Inc. indicate the company's E-mail solutions cause the most strain on its network environment. The top mobility priority over the next year is to use mobile platforms for e-mail and audio streaming.

The IT budget is typically finalized in Q4.





Sector (Industry)
Services (Media)


Employees
797


Revenue
$133.0M


FYE
12/31




Breaking news on investment signals




Date
Type
Inside Scoop




2015-10-27
Technology Updates
Topic: Web Server.
Company: Saga Communications Inc., Grosse Pointe Farms, MI
Opportunity: Deployed CentOS and OpenSSL in the last 60 Days.




2015-05-27
Pain Point
Topic: Storage.
Company: Saga Communications Inc., Grosse Pointe Farms, MI
Opportunity: Experiencing pain related to the cost of its storage operations and is planning to evaluate solutions to address the issue.




2015-05-22
Spending Trend
Topic: Security.
Company: Saga Communications Inc., Grosse Pointe Farms, MI
Opportunity: Currently evaluating security risk management and audit solutions for purchase within the next 6 months, and is ready to invest $100,000 - $250,000 on a solution.







Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote




Technologies currently being used

IT
Marketing


Data Analytics/ Databases

Business Intelligence
SAP Crystal Reports

Data Tools
SQL Tools

Relational Databases
Microsoft AccessSQL
Data Infrastructure

Cloud Systems
cPanelGoogle Cloud Apps

Email Hosting
CYREN (Formerly known as Commtouch)Google (mail server)MandrillMicrosoft (mail server)SMTP Server (inhouse)

End User Hardware
Windows 7Windows XP
Data Storage

Data Backup
Symantec Backup Exec

Enterprise Storage
HP StorageWorks
Enterprise/ ERP

Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)
Microsoft DynamicsMicrosoft ERP

Enterprise Systems Support
Industry Software

Professional Services Software
Oracle Skywire
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.
Advertising/ Search

Search Marketing
DoubleClick
Analytics

Web Analytics
DoubleClick FloodlightGoogle Analytics (GA)Google Analytics with Ad TrackingGoogle Universal Analytics
Creative/ Content

Customer Experience Management
Adobe Streamline

Website Design
AddThisAdobe AcrobatAdobe Creative SuiteAdobe IllustratorAdobe PhotoshopAdobe ShockwaveGoogle MapsMicrosoft Active Directory Web ServicesMicrosoft VisioYoast
eCommerce

Online Retailing
Apache ServerRackSpaceWordPress

Social Commerce
Amazon (cloud)Amazon Web ServicesNetwork Solutions (Hosting)Rackspace (cloud)
Product/ Brand Mgmt

Marketing Portfolio Management
Disqus

Mobile Application and Content Services
AndroidApple iPhoneBlackBerryiPadTwitter
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.



Become a RainKing power-user today!
RainKing's rich data provides clients with a deeper understanding of who will be making – and what will be driving – upcoming investments in IT. Know what your prospects are planning before your competition does, and beat them to the negotiating table.
Request a demo
Request a quote




Org chart of IT decision makers




Edward Christian
President, CEO, And Chairman
___@sagacom.com
+1 313-___-____






Tracy Cleeton
Director, IT
___@sagacom.com
+1 313-___-____






Peter Strome
Director, Infrastructure and Manager, Regional IT
___@sagacom.com
+1 757-___-____







Keith Blair
Regional Manager, IT - Midwest
___@sagacom.com
+1 614-___-____







Brady Yeoman
Regional Manager, IT
___@sagacom.com
+1 515-___-____









Catherine Bobinski
Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller
___@sagacom.com
+1 313-___-____







Samuel Bush
Senior Vice President and Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer (CFO)
___@sagacom.com
+1 313-___-____





This is just a subset of the full Org Chart for this company.


Want access to this and more? Become a client today!
RainKing clients get access to all 615 decision makers in this company's org chart.
Request a demo
Request a quote








Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote









To receive a FREE PDF of this company, simply fill out the form below










Get your free company profile




Search





Subscribe to our newsletter



Connect with Us
 





 





 





 





 







 




7700 Old Georgetown Road
Bethesda, MD 20814-6100
1.866.592.7122
contactus@rainkingonline.com


 Sitemap Terms of Use Privacy Policy 


©2017 RainKing










Saga Communications Inc (AMEX:SGA) Advertising 




























Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 




















 SGA- AMEX (USA)Saga Communications Inc




Currently 1/5



Business Predictability Rank: 1-Star Back Testing Results:Average gain of all 1-Star stocks: 1.1% per year.% of Stocks that are in still loss if held for 10yrs: 45%.Read more: What is Predictability Rank?Performances of real portfolio
Top Ranked Predictable Companies
 
$39.35     0(0%) Volume: 351  10:44AM EDTAvg Vol (1m): 5,976
Warning! GuruFocus has detected 1 Severe Warning Sign with AMEX:SGA. Click here to check it out.  







Market Cap : 
			232.5 M
Enterprise Value : 
			238.32 M
P/E(TTM) : 
			13.62
P/B : 
			1.71

















$39.35 (1y: -4%)



+ Add to Portfolio
Email Alerts
Stock PDFRSSWebsite FilingsDownloadBatch DownloadManual of Stocks™ Web APPManual of Stocks™Sorry. Only PremiumPlus Member can access this feature.Free Trial





This feature is only available for Premium Members, please sign up for
GuruFocus Premium Membership

7-Day Free Trial Now





AMEX:SGA has been successfully added to your Stock Email Alerts list.
You can manage your stock email alerts here.




AMEX:SGA has been removed from your Stock Email Alerts list.



Please enter Portfolio Name for new portfolio.


SummaryGuru Trades30-Y FinancialsAnalysisDCFInteractive ChartDividendInsiderOwnershipHeadlinesCompareChecklistDefinitions






Switch to:















Fundamental

 Altman Z-Score Beneish M-Score Book Value per Share Dividends per Share E10 Earnings per Share (Diluted) EBITDA per Share Enterprise Value EPS without NRI FFO per Share Financial Strength Float Percentage Of Total Shares Outstanding Free Cash Flow per Share Insider Ownership Institutional Ownership Market Cap (M) Net Cash per Share Net Current Asset Value Net-Net Working Capital Operating Cash Flow per Share Owner Earnings per Share (TTM) Piotroski F-Score Predictability Rank Profitability Revenue per Share Scaled Net Operating Assets Short Interest Short Percentage of Float Tangible Book per Share Total Debt per Share 


Valuation Ratio

 3-Year Average Share Buyback Ratio Asset Turnover Cash Conversion Cycle Cash-to-Debt COGS-to-Revenue Current Ratio Days Inventory Days Payable Days Sales Outstanding Debt-to-Equity Earnings Yield % Earnings Yield (Joel Greenblatt) % Effective Interest Rate on Debt % Equity-to-Asset EV-to-EBIT EV-to-EBITDA EV-to-Revenue Forward PE Ratio Forward Rate of Return (Yacktman) % Goodwill-to-Asset Interest Coverage Inventory Turnover Inventory-to-Revenue LT-Debt-to-Total-Asset PB Ratio PE Ratio PE Ratio PE Ratio without NRI PEG Ratio Price-to-Free-Cash-Flow Price-to-Operating-Cash-Flow Price-to-Owner-Earnings Price-to-Tangible-Book PS Ratio Quick Ratio Return-on-Tangible-Asset Return-on-Tangible-Equity ROA % ROC % ROC (Joel Greenblatt) % ROE % ROIC % Shiller PE Ratio Short Ratio Sloan Ratio % WACC % 


Profitability

 FCF Margin % Gross Margin % Net Interest Margin (Bank Only) % Net Margin % Operating Margin % 


Price

 Earnings Power Value (EPV) Graham Number Intrinsic Value: DCF (Earnings Based) Intrinsic Value: DCF (FCF Based) Intrinsic Value: Projected FCF Margin of Safty % (DCF Earnings Based) Median PS Value Net Cash per Share Peter Lynch Fair Value 


Dividends

 3-Year Dividend Growth Rate 5-Year Dividend Growth Rate 5-Year Yield-on-Cost % Dividend Payout Ratio Dividend Yield % Dividend-Payout-to-FFO Forward Dividend Yield % 


Income Statement

 Advertising Cost of Goods Sold Credit Losses Provision Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization EBIT EBITDA EPS (Basic) EPS (Diluted) Fees and Other Income Gross Profit Interest Expense Interest Income Net Income Net Income (Continuing Operations) Net Income (Discontinued Operations) Net Interest Income Net Investment Income Net Policyholder Benefits/Claims Non Interest Income Non-Recurring Items Operating Income Other Income (Expense) Other Noninterest Expense Other Operating Expense Policy Acquisition Expense Pre-Tax Income Preferred Dividends Research & Development Revenue Selling, General, & Admin. Expense Shares Outstanding (Diluted Average) SpecialCharges Tax Expense Tax Provision Total Premiums Earned 


Balance Sheet

 Accounts Payable & Accrued Expense Accounts Receivable Accumulated Depreciation Additional Paid-In Capital Buildings And Improvements Capital Lease Obligation Capital Surplus Cash And Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents Cash, Cash Equivalents, Marketable Securities Common Stock Construction In Progress Current Portion of Long-Term Debt Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs Equity Investments Fixed Maturity Investment Future Policy Benefits Goodwill Gross Property, Plant and Equipment Intangible Assets Inventories, Finished Goods Inventories, Other Inventories, Raw Materials & Components Inventories, Work In Process Land And Improvements Long-Term Debt & Capital Lease Obligation Marketable Securities Money Market Investments Net Loan Other Assets for Banks Other Current Assets Other Current Liabilities Other Liabilities for Banks Other Long Term Assets Other Long-Term Liabilities Paid-In Capital Policyholder Funds Preferred Stock Property, Plant and Equipment Retained Earnings Securities & Investments Shares Outstanding (EOP) Short-term investments Total Assets Total Current Assets Total Current Liabilities Total Deposits Total Equity Total Inventories Total Liabilities Treasury Stock Unearned Premiums Unpaid Loss & Loss Reserve 


Cashflow statement

 Capital Expenditure Cash Flow for Dividends Cash Flow from Discontinued Operations Cash Flow from Financing Cash Flow from Investing Cash Flow from Operations Cash Flow from Others Cash From Discontinued Investing Activities Cash From Other Investing Activities Change In Inventory Change In Receivables Change In Working Capital Cumulative Effect Of Accounting Change Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization FFO Free Cash Flow Net Change in Cash Net Foreign Currency Exchange Gain Net Income From Continuing Operations Net Intangibles Purchase And Sale Net Issuance of Debt Net Issuance of Preferred Stock Net Issuance of Stock Purchase Of Business Purchase Of Investment Purchase Of Property, Plant, Equipment Sale Of Business Sale Of Investment Sale Of Property, Plant, Equipment Stock Based Compensation 










                        GuruFocus has detected 1 Warning Sign with Saga Communications Inc $AMEX:SGA.                    

                        More than 500,000 people have already joined GuruFocus to track the stocks they follow and exchange investment ideas.
                    
























Saga Communications Inc (AMEX:SGA)
Advertising
=GURUF("AMEX:SGA","Advertising")

$0.0 Mil (As of Mar. 2017)
Saga Communications Inc's promotion and advertising for the quarter that ended in Mar. 2017 was $0.0 Mil.

Definition
This is the expense the company spent on promoting an industry, entity, brand, product name, or specific products or services in order to stimulate a desire to buy the entity's products or services.

Historical Data
* All numbers are in millions except for per share data and ratio. All numbers are in their local exchange's currency.
Saga Communications Inc Annual Data



Dec07Dec08Dec09Dec10Dec11Dec12Dec13Dec14Dec15Dec16

PromotionAndAdvertising
0.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.0

Saga Communications Inc Quarterly Data



Dec14Mar15Jun15Sep15Dec15Mar16Jun16Sep16Dec16Mar17

PromotionAndAdvertising
0.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.0













Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.

















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK
























Corporate Profile - Saga Communications, Inc.









































Skip to content













Corporate Profile

Saga Communications, Inc. is a broadcast company whose business is primarily devoted to acquiring, developing and operating radio stations, television stations and a state radio network. Saga currently owns or operates broadcast properties in 26 markets, including 67 FM and 32 AM radio stations, 4 television stations and 4 low power television stations. 



 
Saga's strategy is to operate top billing radio and television stations in mid sized markets, defined as markets ranked (by market revenues) from 20 to 200. Saga's radio stations employ a myriad of programming formats, including Classic Hits, Adult Contemporary, Active Rock, Oldies, News/Talk, Country and Classical. Saga's television stations are affiliated with CBS and Fox in Joplin, MO; ABC, Fox, NBC, Telemundo and Univision in Victoria, TX. 

In operating its stations, Saga concentrates on the development of strong decentralized local management, which is responsible for the day-to-day operations of the stations in their market area and is compensated based on their financial performance as well as other performance factors that are deemed to effect the long-term ability of the stations to achieve financial objectives. 

Saga began operations in 1986 and became a publicly traded company in December 1992. The stock trades on the NYSE MKT under the ticker symbol "SGA".
        




Press Releases


7/17/2017

Saga Communications, Inc. Announces Date and Time of 2nd Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and Conference Call



5/10/2017

Saga Communications, Inc. Enters into an Agreement to Sell its Television Stations in Joplin, MO and Victoria, TX to Morgan Murphy Media and Enters into an Agreement to Acquire 4 FM and 1 AM Radio Stations Serving the Charleston, SC Radio Market and 3 FM Radio Stations Serving the Hilton Head and Beaufort, SC Radio Markets from Apex Media Corporation



5/4/2017

Saga Communications, Inc. Reports 1st Quarter 2017 Results



4/11/2017

Saga Communications, Inc. Announces Date and Time of 1st Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and Conference Call



3/7/2017

Saga Communications, Inc. Reports 4th Quarter and Year End 2016 Results




View All



NYSE MKT : SGA

$ 39.35
            



Market Cap ($M) 232.50


Change $(0.25) - (0.63)%


Volume 7,171


As of July 27, 2017 Close. Minimum 20 minute delay.









Contact Us




Saga Communications, Inc.
73 Kercheval Avenue, Suite 201, Grosse Pointe Farms, MI 48236-3559, (313) 886-7070




Investor Relations Contact
Mr. Samuel D. Bush, (313) 886-7070 




Transfer Agent
BNY Mellon Shareowner Services, 480 Washington Boulevard, 27th Floor, Jersey City, NJ 07310-1900, (201) 680-4000











Copyright 2017, © S&P Global Market Intelligence  Terms of Use





×
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
























The investor relations site ("Site") with which this document is associated is maintained by S&P Global Market Intelligence ("S&P") on behalf of the organization featured on the Site (S&P's "Client"). These Terms and Conditions of Use ("Terms of Use") set forth the terms on which you may use the Site, and the information and materials contained therein (the "Contents"). By using the Site, you agree to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you are not authorized to use the Site or Contents in any manner, and you should immediately discontinue any use of the Site or the Contents.
S&P and/or its Client shall have the right at any time to modify or discontinue any aspect of the Site or any part of the Contents. S&P may also modify these Terms of Use without notice. You agree to monitor these Terms of Use, and to cease all access or use of the Site if you no longer agree to abide by the Terms of Use. Your continued use of the Site shall constitute acceptance of such modification.
S&P and the Client grant to you a limited, personal license to access the Site and to access and download the Contents, but only for your own personal, family and household use. You may not use, reproduce, distribute or display any portion of the Site for any other purpose, including without limit any commercial purpose. You may use the Site and the Contents for lawful purposes only. S&P and Client reserve all rights not expressly granted, including the right to terminate your use of the Site without notice.
The Site contains copyrighted material, trademarks and service marks, and other proprietary information, including but not limited to text, software, and graphics, which materials are owned by S&P and/or its Client. S&P and Client reserve all rights in the Contents. You agree not to reproduce, distribute, sell, broadcast, publish, retransmit, disseminate, circulate or commercially exploit the Site or the Contents without the express written consent of S&P and the Client.
You agree to access the Contents and the Site manually, by request, and not automatically, through the use of a program, or other means. You agree not to take any action, alone or with others, that would interfere with the operation of the Site, to alter the Site in any way, or to impede others' access to and freedom to enjoy and use the Site as made available by S&P and S&P’s Client.
THE SITE AND THE CONTENTS ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS. S&P, ITS CLIENT, AND ANY OTHER PROVIDERS OF THE INFORMATION EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTY OF ACCURACY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
NEITHER, S&P, THE CLIENT NOR EITHER OF THEIR AFFILIATES, SHAREHOLDERS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR REPRESENTATIVES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY , PUNITIVE SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE SITE, THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE, OR THE CONTENTS, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN PARTICULAR, S&P WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY YOUR RELIANCE ON INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE.
                                    
It is your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any of the Contents available on the Site. Please seek the advice of professionals regarding the evaluation of any of the information on the Site.
The Site does not represent an offer or solicitation with respect to the purchase or sale of any security.
These Terms of Use are the entire agreement between the parties with respect to its subject matter, and it can be amended only via written agreement by S&P. These terms and conditions shall be governed by the law of New York, without regard to principals of conflicts or choice of laws.




















































Stations Archive | Saga Communications








































Skip to content










Stations				


TV





                      Joplin, MO








2590 NE Highway 69
P.O. Box 659
Pittsburg,

                        KS
                        66762 



General Manager – KOAM: Danny Thomas
General Manager – KFJX: Darren Dishman
News Director: Kristi Spencer
Business Manager: Rhonda Zook
Creative Services Director: Dale Switzer
Sales Manager – KOAM: Darren Prather
Sales Manager - KFJX: Kerry Glensky
National Sales Manager: Jon Haut
Operations Manager: Bill Vickery










Name
Station
Dial
Format
Website








Fox 14
KFJX-TV
14.1
Fox

N/A
View
View N/A



KOAM
KOAM-TV
7.1
CBS

N/A
View
View N/A








Fox 14 






Station: 
                                      KFJX-TV                                  

Dial: 
                                      14.1                                  

Format: 
                                      Fox                                  


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




KOAM 






Station: 
                                      KOAM-TV                                  

Dial: 
                                      7.1                                  

Format: 
                                      CBS                                  


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View












                      Victoria, TX








Victoria Television Group
3808 North Navarro Street
Victoria,

                        TX
                        77901 



General Manager: Jeff Pryor
News Director: Amie Hudspeth
Business Manager: Mike Wall
Operations Manager: Johnny Garcia
Creative Services Director: John Darbonne
Sales Manager – Fox/NBC: Carol Fox
Sales Manager – Univision & Telemundo: Mia Talley
Promotions Director: Regina Cantu










Name
Station
Dial
Format
Website








ABC
KAVU-TV
25.1
ABC

N/A
View
View N/A



NBC
KMOL-TV
17.1
NBC

N/A
View
View N/A



Cozi-TV
KQZY-TV
33.1
Cozi

N/A
N/A
N/A N/A



Univision
KUNU-TV
21.1
Univision

N/A
View
View N/A



Fox
KVCT-TV
19.1
Fox

N/A
View
View N/A



Telemundo
KVTX-TV
45
Telemundo

N/A
View
View N/A



CBS
KXTS-TV
41.1
CBS

N/A
View
View N/A



Newscenter25 Now
N/A
25.4
News/Talk

N/A
N/A
N/A N/A



Antenna TV
N/A
41.2
Antenna TV

N/A
N/A
N/A N/A



ThisTV
N/A
19.3
ThisTV

N/A
N/A
N/A N/A



CrossroadsToday.com
N/A
N/A
Non-Radio

N/A
N/A
N/A N/A








ABC 






Station: 
                                      KAVU-TV                                  

Dial: 
                                      25.1                                  

Format: 
                                      ABC                                  


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




NBC 






Station: 
                                      KMOL-TV                                  

Dial: 
                                      17.1                                  

Format: 
                                      NBC                                  


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Cozi-TV 






Station: 
                                      KQZY-TV                                  

Dial: 
                                      33.1                                  

Format: 
                                      Cozi                                  


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Univision 






Station: 
                                      KUNU-TV                                  

Dial: 
                                      21.1                                  

Format: 
                                      Univision                                  


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Fox 






Station: 
                                      KVCT-TV                                  

Dial: 
                                      19.1                                  

Format: 
                                      Fox                                  


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Telemundo 






Station: 
                                      KVTX-TV                                  

Dial: 
                                      45                                  

Format: 
                                      Telemundo                                  


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




CBS 






Station: 
                                      KXTS-TV                                  

Dial: 
                                      41.1                                  

Format: 
                                      CBS                                  


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Newscenter25 Now 






Station: 
                                      N/A                                  

Dial: 
                                      25.4                                  

Format: 
                                      News/Talk                                  


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Antenna TV 






Station: 
                                      N/A                                  

Dial: 
                                      41.2                                  

Format: 
                                      Antenna TV                                  


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




ThisTV 






Station: 
                                      N/A                                  

Dial: 
                                      19.3                                  

Format: 
                                      ThisTV                                  


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




CrossroadsToday.com 






Station: 
                                      N/A                                  

Dial: 
                                      N/A                                  

Format: 
                                      Non-Radio                                  


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View







Radio





							Asheville, NC









Asheville Radio Group
1190 Patton Avenue									
																		
									
									Asheville,
									
									NC									28806									
									

									(828) 259-9695										
										 | Website 




General Manager/Vice President: Bruce Law

Sales Manager: Chris Hoffman

Operations Manager: Neal Sharpe

Promotions Director: Nikki Mitchell

Business Manager: Val Spivey










Station
Name
Dial
Format
Website








N/A
the828.com
N/A


                                                Non-Radio                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WISE-AM
ESPN Asheville
970 AM / 1310 AM / 97.3 FM


                                                Sports                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


View


View



WOXL-FM
Mix 96.5
96.5 FM


                                                Hot AC                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WOXL-HD2
98.1 the RIVER
98.1 FM


                                                AAA                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WTMT-FM
105.9 The Mountain
105.9 FM


                                                Classic Rock                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WTMT-HD2
Rewind 100.3
100.3 FM


                                                Classic Hits                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WTMT-HD3
105.5 The Outlaw
105.5 FM


                                                Classic Country                                            






Listen


View


                                              N/A                                            

                                                N/A                                            







the828.com 






Station: 
                                                        N/A                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        N/A                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Non-Radio                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




ESPN Asheville 






Station: 
                                                        WISE-AM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        970 AM / 1310 AM / 97.3 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Sports                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Mix 96.5 






Station: 
                                                        WOXL-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        96.5 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Hot AC                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




98.1 the RIVER 






Station: 
                                                        WOXL-HD2                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        98.1 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        AAA                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




105.9 The Mountain 






Station: 
                                                        WTMT-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        105.9 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Classic Rock                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Rewind 100.3 






Station: 
                                                        WTMT-HD2                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        100.3 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Classic Hits                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




105.5 The Outlaw 






Station: 
                                                        WTMT-HD3                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        105.5 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Classic Country                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View













							Bellingham, WA








Cascade Radio Group
2219 Yew Street Road									
																		
									
									Bellingham,
									
									WA									98229									
									

									(360) 734-9790										
																		




General Manager/Marketing Director: Don Kurtis

Business Manager: Nancy Tuppeny










Station
Name
Dial
Format
Website








KAFE-FM
KAFE 104.1
104.1 FM


                                                AC                                            






Listen


View


                                              N/A                                            

                                                N/A                                            


KBAI-AM
AM 930 KBAI
930 AM / 98.9 FM


                                                News/Talk                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


                                              N/A                                            

                                                N/A                                            


KGMI-AM
790 KGMI
790 AM / 96.5 FM


                                                News/Talk                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            


KISM-FM
Classic Rock 92.9
92.9FM


                                                Classic Rock                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            


KPUG-AM
KPUG 1170
1170 AM / 97.3 FM


                                                Sports                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            







KAFE 104.1 






Station: 
                                                        KAFE-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        104.1 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        AC                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




AM 930 KBAI 






Station: 
                                                        KBAI-AM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        930 AM / 98.9 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        News/Talk                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




790 KGMI 






Station: 
                                                        KGMI-AM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        790 AM / 96.5 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        News/Talk                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Classic Rock 92.9 






Station: 
                                                        KISM-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        92.9FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Classic Rock                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




KPUG 1170 






Station: 
                                                        KPUG-AM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        1170 AM / 97.3 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Sports                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View













							Brattleboro, VT









Brattleboro Radio Group
458 Williams Street									
																		
									
									Brattleboro,
									
									VT									05301									
									

									(802) 254-2343										
																		




General Manager: Dave Musante

Operations Manager: Peter Case

Business Manager: Luke Donahue










Station
Name
Dial
Format
Website








WKVT-AM
100.3 / 1490 WKVT
1490 AM / 100.3 FM


                                                News/Talk                                            






                                            N/A                                          

                                              N/A                                            

                                              N/A                                            

                                                N/A                                            


WKVT-FM
Iconic Rock 92.7
92.7 FM


                                                Classic Rock                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


                                              N/A                                            

                                                N/A                                            


WRSY-FM
101.5 The River
101.5 FM


                                                AAA                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            







100.3 / 1490 WKVT 






Station: 
                                                        WKVT-AM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        1490 AM / 100.3 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        News/Talk                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Iconic Rock 92.7 






Station: 
                                                        WKVT-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        92.7 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Classic Rock                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




101.5 The River 






Station: 
                                                        WRSY-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        101.5 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        AAA                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View













							Bucyrus, OH









Bucyrus Radio Group
P.O. Box 1140403 E. Rensselaer St									
																		
									
									Bucyrus,
									
									OH									44820									
									

									(419) 562-2222										
																		




Station Manager: Kimberly Goyer

Business Manager: Sandy Anderson










Station
Name
Dial
Format
Website








N/A
Crawford County Now
N/A


                                                Non-Radio                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WBCO-AM
Country Legends
1540 AM / 92.3 FM


                                                Country                                            






                                            N/A                                          

                                              N/A                                            

                                              N/A                                            

                                                N/A                                            


WQEL-FM
Q92.7
92.7 FM


                                                Classic Rock                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            







Crawford County Now 






Station: 
                                                        N/A                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        N/A                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Non-Radio                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Country Legends 






Station: 
                                                        WBCO-AM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        1540 AM / 92.3 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Country                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Q92.7 






Station: 
                                                        WQEL-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        92.7 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Classic Rock                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View













							Champaign, IL









Illini Radio Group
2603 West Bradley Ave.									
																		
									
									Champaign,
									
									IL									61821									
									

									(217) 352-4141										
																		




General Manager: Karen Cochrane

Sales Manager: Jen Watson

Operations Manager: Jonathan Drake

Business Manager: Sheila Wetherell

Marketing Director: Gary Saladino










Station
Name
Dial
Format
Website








WIXY-FM
WIXY 100.3
100.3 FM


                                                Country                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WIXY-HD2
eXtra 92.1
92.1 FM


                                                Classic Rock                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


                                              N/A                                            

                                                N/A                                            


WIXY-HD3
Hits 99.7
99.7 FM


                                                Contemporary Hit Radio                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WLRW-FM
Mix 94.5
94.5 FM


                                                Hot AC                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WLRW-HD2
Oldies 97.9
97.9 FM


                                                Oldies                                            






                                            N/A                                          

                                              N/A                                            

                                              N/A                                            

                                                N/A                                            


WREE-FM
Rewind 92.5
92.5 FM


                                                Classic Hits                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WYXY-FM
WYXY Classic
99.1 FM


                                                Classic Country                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


                                              N/A                                            

                                                N/A                                            







WIXY 100.3 






Station: 
                                                        WIXY-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        100.3 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Country                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




eXtra 92.1 






Station: 
                                                        WIXY-HD2                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        92.1 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Classic Rock                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Hits 99.7 






Station: 
                                                        WIXY-HD3                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        99.7 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Contemporary Hit Radio                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Mix 94.5 






Station: 
                                                        WLRW-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        94.5 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Hot AC                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Oldies 97.9 






Station: 
                                                        WLRW-HD2                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        97.9 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Oldies                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Rewind 92.5 






Station: 
                                                        WREE-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        92.5 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Classic Hits                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




WYXY Classic 






Station: 
                                                        WYXY-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        99.1 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Classic Country                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View













							Charlottesville, VA








Charlottesville Radio Group
1140 Rose Hill Drive									
																		
									
									Charlottesville,
									
									VA									22903									
									

									(434) 220-2300										
																		




General Manager: Jim Principi

Sales Manager: Michelle Conner

Operations Manager: Rick Daniels

Business Manager: Faketa Pontious

Promotions Director: Amy Lambert










Station
Name
Dial
Format
Website








WCNR-FM
106.1 The Corner
106.1 FM


                                                AAA                                            






Listen


View


View


View



WCVL-FM
C-Ville Country
92.7 FM


                                                Country                                            






Listen


View


                                              N/A                                            

                                                N/A                                            


WINA-AM
1070 WINA
1070 AM / 98.9 FM


                                                News/Talk                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WQMZ-FM
Z95.1
95.1 FM


                                                AC                                            






Listen


View


View


View



WVAX-AM
ESPN 1450
1450 AM / 103.1 FM


                                                Sports                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


                                              N/A                                            

                                                N/A                                            


WWWV-FM
3WV
97.5 FM


                                                Rock                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            







106.1 The Corner 






Station: 
                                                        WCNR-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        106.1 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        AAA                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




C-Ville Country 






Station: 
                                                        WCVL-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        92.7 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Country                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




1070 WINA 






Station: 
                                                        WINA-AM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        1070 AM / 98.9 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        News/Talk                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Z95.1 






Station: 
                                                        WQMZ-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        95.1 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        AC                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




ESPN 1450 






Station: 
                                                        WVAX-AM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        1450 AM / 103.1 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Sports                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




3WV 






Station: 
                                                        WWWV-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        97.5 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Rock                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View













							Clarksville, TN









Five Star Media Group
1640 Old Russellville Pike									
																		
									
									Clarksville,
									
									TN									37043									
									

									(931) 648.7720										
										 | Website 




General Manager: Katie Gambill

Local Sales Manager: Summer Cummings

Director of Digital Sales: Sande Cox

Business Manager: Tracie Beckham

Marketing / Promotions Director: Jessica Goldberg










Station
Name
Dial
Format
Website








N/A
Clarksville Now
N/A


                                                Non-Radio                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


View


View



WCVQ-FM
Q108
107.9 FM


                                                Hot AC                                            






Listen


View


View


View



WCVQ-HD2
Sunny 99.1
99.1 FM


                                                Contemporary Christian                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WCVQ-HD3
100.7 The Outlaw
100.7 FM


                                                Classic Country                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WKFN-AM
ESPN Clarksville
540 AM / 104.1 FM


                                                Sports                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WRND-FM
Rewind 94.3
94.3 FM


                                                Classic Hits                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WVVR-FM
Beaver 100.3
100.3 FM


                                                Country                                            






Listen


View


View


View



WZZP-FM
Z 97.5
97.5 FM


                                                Active Rock                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            







Clarksville Now 






Station: 
                                                        N/A                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        N/A                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Non-Radio                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Q108 






Station: 
                                                        WCVQ-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        107.9 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Hot AC                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Sunny 99.1 






Station: 
                                                        WCVQ-HD2                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        99.1 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Contemporary Christian                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




100.7 The Outlaw 






Station: 
                                                        WCVQ-HD3                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        100.7 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Classic Country                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




ESPN Clarksville 






Station: 
                                                        WKFN-AM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        540 AM / 104.1 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Sports                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Rewind 94.3 






Station: 
                                                        WRND-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        94.3 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Classic Hits                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Beaver 100.3 






Station: 
                                                        WVVR-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        100.3 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Country                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Z 97.5 






Station: 
                                                        WZZP-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        97.5 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Active Rock                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View













							Columbus, OH









Columbus Radio Group
4401 Carriage Hill Ln									
																		
									
									Columbus,
									
									OH									43220									
									

									(614) 451-2191										
										 | Website 




General Manager: Chris Forgy

General Sales Manager: Erik Schmidt

Operations Manager: Michelle Matthews

Marketing Director: Michelle Hurley

Business Manager: Sandy Anderson

Chief Engineer: Joe Ternovan










Station
Name
Dial
Format
Website








WLVQ-FM
Qfm96
96.3 FM


                                                Classic Rock                                            






Listen


View


View


View



WNND-FM
Rewind 103.5/104.3
103.5 FM / 104.3 FM


                                                Classic Hits                                            






Listen


View


View


View



WSNY-FM
Sunny 95
94.7 FM


                                                AC                                            






Listen


View


View


View



WVMX-FM
Mix 107.9
107.9 FM


                                                Hot AC                                            






Listen


View


View


View








Qfm96 






Station: 
                                                        WLVQ-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        96.3 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Classic Rock                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Rewind 103.5/104.3 






Station: 
                                                        WNND-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        103.5 FM / 104.3 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Classic Hits                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Sunny 95 






Station: 
                                                        WSNY-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        94.7 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        AC                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Mix 107.9 






Station: 
                                                        WVMX-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        107.9 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Hot AC                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View













							Des Moines, IA









Des Moines Radio Group
1416 Locust Street									
																		
									
									Des Moines,
									
									IA									50309									
									

									(515) 280-1350										
										 | Website 




General Manager: Jeff Delvaux

Director of Sales: Pam Washington

Operations Manager: Scott Allen

Marketing Director: Ryan Patrick

Business Manager: Geneva Walker










Station
Name
Dial
Format
Website








KAZR-FM
LAZER 103.3
103.3 FM


                                                Active Rock                                            






Listen


View


View


View



KAZR-HD2
Pure Oldies 104.5
104.5 FM


                                                Oldies                                            






                                            N/A                                          

                                              N/A                                            

                                              N/A                                            

                                                N/A                                            


KIOA-FM
93.3 KIOA
93.3 FM


                                                Classic Hits                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            


KIOA-HD2
Hits 99.9
99.9 FM


                                                Contemporary Hit Radio                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            


KMYR-FM
MORE 104.1
104.1 FM


                                                AC                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            


KPSZ-AM
Praise 940
940 AM


                                                Contemporary Christian                                            






                                            N/A                                          

                                              N/A                                            

                                              N/A                                            

                                                N/A                                            


KRNT-AM
ESPN Des Moines
1350 AM / 103.1 FM


                                                Sports                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            


KSTZ-FM
Star 102.5
102.5 FM


                                                Hot AC                                            






Listen


View


View


View



KSTZ-HD2
93.7 The Outlaw
93.7 FM


                                                Country                                            






Listen


                                              N/A                                            

                                              N/A                                            

                                                N/A                                            







LAZER 103.3 






Station: 
                                                        KAZR-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        103.3 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Active Rock                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Pure Oldies 104.5 






Station: 
                                                        KAZR-HD2                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        104.5 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Oldies                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




93.3 KIOA 






Station: 
                                                        KIOA-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        93.3 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Classic Hits                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Hits 99.9 






Station: 
                                                        KIOA-HD2                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        99.9 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Contemporary Hit Radio                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




MORE 104.1 






Station: 
                                                        KMYR-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        104.1 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        AC                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Praise 940 






Station: 
                                                        KPSZ-AM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        940 AM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Contemporary Christian                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




ESPN Des Moines 






Station: 
                                                        KRNT-AM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        1350 AM / 103.1 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Sports                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Star 102.5 






Station: 
                                                        KSTZ-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        102.5 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Hot AC                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




93.7 The Outlaw 






Station: 
                                                        KSTZ-HD2                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        93.7 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Country                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View













							Greenfield, MA








Western Mass Radio Group
81 Woodard Road									
																		
									
									Greenfield,
									
									MA									01301									
									

									(413) 774-4301										
																		




General Manager/Sales Manager: Dan Guin

Business Manager: Luke Donahue










Station
Name
Dial
Format
Website








WHAI-FM
98.3 WHAI
98.3 FM


                                                AC                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WHMQ-AM
WHMP
1240 AM / 107.5 FM


                                                News/Talk                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WPVQ-FM
Bear Country 95.3
95.3 FM


                                                Country                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


View


                                                N/A                                            







98.3 WHAI 






Station: 
                                                        WHAI-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        98.3 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        AC                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




WHMP 






Station: 
                                                        WHMQ-AM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        1240 AM / 107.5 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        News/Talk                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Bear Country 95.3 






Station: 
                                                        WPVQ-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        95.3 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Country                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View













							Harrisonburg, VA









Harrisonburg Radio Group
1820 Heritage Center Way									
																		
									
									Harrisonburg,
									
									VA									22801									
									

									(540) 434-0331										
										 | Website 




VP/General Manager: Steve Davis

Sales Manager: Kim Mitchell

Business Manager: Faketa Pontious










Station
Name
Dial
Format
Website








WHBG-AM
ESPN Harrisonburg
101.3 FM / 1360 AM


                                                Sports                                            






                                            N/A                                          

                                              N/A                                            

                                              N/A                                            

                                                N/A                                            


WMQR-FM
More 96.1
96.1 FM


                                                Hot AC                                            






Listen


View


                                              N/A                                            

                                                N/A                                            


WQPO-FM
Q 101
100.7 FM


                                                CHR                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WQPO-HD3
V100.1
100.1 FM


                                                Classic Rock                                            






                                            N/A                                          

                                              N/A                                            

                                              N/A                                            

                                                N/A                                            


WSIG-FM
96.9 WSIG Country Legends
96.9 FM


                                                Classic Country                                            






Listen


View


                                              N/A                                            

                                                N/A                                            


WSVA-AM
WSVA News/Talk Radio
550 AM / 92.1 FM


                                                News/Talk                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WWRE-FM
Rewind 105.1
105.1 FM


                                                Classic Hits                                            






                                            N/A                                          

                                              N/A                                            

                                              N/A                                            

                                                N/A                                            







ESPN Harrisonburg 






Station: 
                                                        WHBG-AM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        101.3 FM / 1360 AM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Sports                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




More 96.1 






Station: 
                                                        WMQR-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        96.1 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Hot AC                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Q 101 






Station: 
                                                        WQPO-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        100.7 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        CHR                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




V100.1 






Station: 
                                                        WQPO-HD3                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        100.1 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Classic Rock                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




96.9 WSIG Country Legends 






Station: 
                                                        WSIG-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        96.9 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Classic Country                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




WSVA News/Talk Radio 






Station: 
                                                        WSVA-AM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        550 AM / 92.1 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        News/Talk                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Rewind 105.1 






Station: 
                                                        WWRE-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        105.1 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Classic Hits                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View













							Ithaca, NY









Cayuga Radio Group
1751 Hanshaw Road									
																		
									
									Ithaca,
									
									NY									14850									
									

									(607) 257-6400										
										 | Website 




General Manager: Chet Osadchey

Operations Manager: Chris Allinger

Marketing Director: Connie Fairfax-Ozmun

Business Manager: Kathy Dempsey










Station
Name
Dial
Format
Website








WFIZ-FM
Z95.5
95.5 FM


                                                CHR                                            






Listen


View


View


View



WFIZ-HD2
Rewind 107.7
107.7 FM


                                                Classic Hits                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WHCU-AM
WHCU 870 AM
870 AM / 95.9 FM


                                                News/Talk                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WIII-FM
I-100
99.9 FM / 100.3 FM


                                                Classic Rock                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WNYY-AM
1470 AM / 94.1 FM Pure Oldies
1470 AM / 94.1 FM


                                                Oldies                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


                                              N/A                                            

                                                N/A                                            


WQNY-FM
Q Country 103.7
103.7 FM


                                                Country                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WYXL-FM
Lite Rock 97.3
97.3 FM


                                                AC                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WYXL-HD2
96.7 The Vine
96.7 FM


                                                AAA                                            






Listen


View


View


View



WYXL-HD3
96.3 The Buzzer
96.3 FM


                                                Sports                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


View


                                                N/A                                            







Z95.5 






Station: 
                                                        WFIZ-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        95.5 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        CHR                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Rewind 107.7 






Station: 
                                                        WFIZ-HD2                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        107.7 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Classic Hits                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




WHCU 870 AM 






Station: 
                                                        WHCU-AM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        870 AM / 95.9 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        News/Talk                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




I-100 






Station: 
                                                        WIII-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        99.9 FM / 100.3 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Classic Rock                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




1470 AM / 94.1 FM Pure Oldies 






Station: 
                                                        WNYY-AM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        1470 AM / 94.1 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Oldies                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Q Country 103.7 






Station: 
                                                        WQNY-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        103.7 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Country                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Lite Rock 97.3 






Station: 
                                                        WYXL-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        97.3 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        AC                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




96.7 The Vine 






Station: 
                                                        WYXL-HD2                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        96.7 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        AAA                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




96.3 The Buzzer 






Station: 
                                                        WYXL-HD3                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        96.3 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Sports                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View













							Jonesboro, AR









Jonesboro Radio Group
314 Union Street									
																		
									
									Jonesboro,
									
									AR									72401									
									

									(870) 933-8800										
										 | Website 




General Manager: Trey Stafford

Sales Manager: Tom Nankival

Business Manager: Karen Cole










Station
Name
Dial
Format
Website








KDXY-FM
The Fox 104.9
104.9 FM


                                                Country                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            


KDXY-HD2
Hot 107.5 The Party Station
107.5 FM


                                                CHR                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


View


                                                N/A                                            


KDXY-HD3
ESPN Jonesboro 92.7
92.7 FM


                                                Sports                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


View


                                                N/A                                            


KEGI-FM
100.5 The Eagle
100.5 FM


                                                Classic Rock                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            


KJBX-FM
Mix 106.3
106.3 FM


                                                AC                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            


KJBX-HD2
98.5 The Outlaw
98.5 FM


                                                Classic Country                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


                                              N/A                                            

                                                N/A                                            







The Fox 104.9 






Station: 
                                                        KDXY-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        104.9 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Country                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Hot 107.5 The Party Station 






Station: 
                                                        KDXY-HD2                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        107.5 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        CHR                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




ESPN Jonesboro 92.7 






Station: 
                                                        KDXY-HD3                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        92.7 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Sports                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




100.5 The Eagle 






Station: 
                                                        KEGI-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        100.5 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Classic Rock                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Mix 106.3 






Station: 
                                                        KJBX-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        106.3 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        AC                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




98.5 The Outlaw 






Station: 
                                                        KJBX-HD2                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        98.5 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Classic Country                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View














							Keene, NH









Monadnock Radio Group
69 Stanhope Avenue									
																		
									
									Keene,
									
									NH									03431									
									

									(603) 352-9230										
										 | Website 




General Manager: Paul Kelley

Business Manager: Luke Donahue










Station
Name
Dial
Format
Website








WINQ-FM
98.7 WINK Country
98.7 FM


                                                Country                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WKBK-AM
WKBK
107.5 FM / 1290 AM


                                                News/Talk                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WKNE-FM
103.7 KNE-FM
103.7 FM


                                                Hot AC                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WKNE-HD2
99.1 The River
99.1 FM


                                                AAA                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WKNE-HD3
WINK Classic Country 103.1
103.1 FM


                                                Classic Country                                            






                                            N/A                                          

                                              N/A                                            

                                              N/A                                            

                                                N/A                                            


WSNI-FM
Sunny 97.7
97.7 FM


                                                AC                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


                                              N/A                                            

                                                N/A                                            


WZBK-AM
Fox Sports Keene 1220
104.1 FM / 1220 AM


                                                Sports                                            






                                            N/A                                          

                                              N/A                                            

                                              N/A                                            

                                                N/A                                            







98.7 WINK Country 






Station: 
                                                        WINQ-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        98.7 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Country                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




WKBK 






Station: 
                                                        WKBK-AM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        107.5 FM / 1290 AM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        News/Talk                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




103.7 KNE-FM 






Station: 
                                                        WKNE-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        103.7 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Hot AC                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




99.1 The River 






Station: 
                                                        WKNE-HD2                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        99.1 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        AAA                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




WINK Classic Country 103.1 






Station: 
                                                        WKNE-HD3                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        103.1 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Classic Country                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Sunny 97.7 






Station: 
                                                        WSNI-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        97.7 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        AC                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Fox Sports Keene 1220 






Station: 
                                                        WZBK-AM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        104.1 FM / 1220 AM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Sports                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View













							Manchester, NH









Manchester Radio Group
500 Commercial Street									
																		
									
									Manchester,
									
									NH									03101									
									

									(603) 669-5777										
																		




President/General Manager: Bob Cox

Director of Sales: Andrew Orcutt

Operations Manager: Pat McKay

Business Manage: George Primmer, Jr.










Station
Name
Dial
Format
Website








WFEA-AM
WFEA
1370 AM / 99.9 FM


                                                News/Talk                                            






Listen


View


                                              N/A                                            

                                                N/A                                            


WMLL-FM
96.5 The Mill
96.5 FM


                                                Classic Rock                                            






Listen


View


                                              N/A                                            

                                                N/A                                            


WZID-FM
WZID
95.7 FM


                                                AC                                            






Listen


View


View


View



WZID-HD2
Hot Hits
94.1 FM / 103.1 FM


                                                CHR                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WZID-HD3
103.1 The Outlaw
103.1 FM


                                                Country                                            






Listen


                                              N/A                                            

                                              N/A                                            

                                                N/A                                            







WFEA 






Station: 
                                                        WFEA-AM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        1370 AM / 99.9 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        News/Talk                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




96.5 The Mill 






Station: 
                                                        WMLL-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        96.5 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Classic Rock                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




WZID 






Station: 
                                                        WZID-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        95.7 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        AC                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Hot Hits 






Station: 
                                                        WZID-HD2                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        94.1 FM / 103.1 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        CHR                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




103.1 The Outlaw 






Station: 
                                                        WZID-HD3                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        103.1 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Country                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View













							Milwaukee, WI









Milwaukee Radio Group
5407 W McKinley Ave									
																		
									
									Milwaukee,
									
									WI									53208									
									

									(414) 978-9000										
										 | Website 




President & General Manager: Annmarie Topel

Director of Sales: Traci Northrop

Local Sales Manager (WHQG, WNRG): Tyah Sartler-Williams

National Sales Manager: Tom Howe

Operations Manager: Bob Bellini

Marketing Director: Scott Schubert

Business Manager: Lisa Johnson










Station
Name
Dial
Format
Website








WHQG-FM
102.9 The Hog
102.9 FM


                                                Rock                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WJMR-FM
Jammin’ 98.3
98.3 FM


                                                Urban Adult Contemporary                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WJYI-AM
Joy 1340
1340 AM / 98.7 FM


                                                Contemporary Christian                                            






Listen


View


                                              N/A                                            

                                                N/A                                            


WKLH-FM
Hometown Rock 96.5
96.5 FM


                                                Classic Rock                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WNRG-FM
ENERGY 106.9
106.9 FM


                                                CHR                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            







102.9 The Hog 






Station: 
                                                        WHQG-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        102.9 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Rock                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Jammin’ 98.3 






Station: 
                                                        WJMR-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        98.3 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Urban Adult Contemporary                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Joy 1340 






Station: 
                                                        WJYI-AM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        1340 AM / 98.7 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Contemporary Christian                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Hometown Rock 96.5 






Station: 
                                                        WKLH-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        96.5 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Classic Rock                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




ENERGY 106.9 






Station: 
                                                        WNRG-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        106.9 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        CHR                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View













							Mitchell, SD








Mitchell Radio Group
501 S Ohlman St
P.O. Box 520									
									
									Mitchell,
									
									SD									57301									
									

									(605) 996-9667										
																		




General Manager: John Koons

Business Manager: Lisa Youngstrom










Station
Name
Dial
Format
Website








KMIT-FM
KMIT
105.9 FM


                                                Country                                            






Listen


View


                                              N/A                                            

View



KMIT-HD2
More 95.5
95.5 FM


                                                AC                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


                                              N/A                                            

                                                N/A                                            


KMIT-HD3
ESPN Mitchell
103.5 FM


                                                Sports                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


                                              N/A                                            

                                                N/A                                            


KUQL-FM
Kool 98
98.3 FM


                                                Classic Hits                                            






Listen


View


                                              N/A                                            

View








KMIT 






Station: 
                                                        KMIT-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        105.9 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Country                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




More 95.5 






Station: 
                                                        KMIT-HD2                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        95.5 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        AC                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




ESPN Mitchell 






Station: 
                                                        KMIT-HD3                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        103.5 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Sports                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Kool 98 






Station: 
                                                        KUQL-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        98.3 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Classic Hits                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View













							Norfolk, VA








Tidewater Communications									
																		
																		
									
									Chesapeake,
									
									VA									23320									
									

									(757) 366-9900										
																		




General Manager: Wayne Leland

Director of Sales: Carol Commander

Operations Manager: Mike Beck

Marketing Director: Sonja Morrell

Business Manager: Janice Henderson










Station
Name
Dial
Format
Website








WAFX-FM
106.9 The Fox
106.9 FM


                                                Classic Rock                                            






Listen


View


View


View



WJOI-AM
1230 AM WJOI
1230 AM


                                                Adult Standards                                            






                                            N/A                                          

                                              N/A                                            

                                              N/A                                            

                                                N/A                                            


WNOR-FM
FM99
98.7


                                                Rock                                            






Listen


View


View


View








106.9 The Fox 






Station: 
                                                        WAFX-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        106.9 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Classic Rock                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




1230 AM WJOI 






Station: 
                                                        WJOI-AM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        1230 AM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Adult Standards                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




FM99 






Station: 
                                                        WNOR-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        98.7                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Rock                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View













							Northampton, MA








Northampton Radio Group
15 Hampton Avenue									
																		
									
									Northampton,
									
									MA									01060									
									

									(413) 586-7400										
																		




General Manager/Sales Manager: Dave Musante

Business Manager: Luke Donahue










Station
Name
Dial
Format
Website








WHMP-AM
WHMP
1400 AM / 1600 AM / 96.9 FM


                                                News/Talk                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WLZX-HD2
Hits 94.3
94.3 FM


                                                CHR                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WRSI-FM
93.9 The River
93.9 FM


                                                AAA                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            







WHMP 






Station: 
                                                        WHMP-AM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        1400 AM / 1600 AM / 96.9 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        News/Talk                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Hits 94.3 






Station: 
                                                        WLZX-HD2                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        94.3 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        CHR                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




93.9 The River 






Station: 
                                                        WRSI-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        93.9 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        AAA                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View













							Portland, ME








Portland Radio Group
420 Western Avenue South									
																		
									
									Portland,
									
									ME									04106									
									

									(207) 774-4561										
										 | Website 




General Manager: Bob Adams

Sales Manager: Mike Sambrook

Operations Manager: Jeff Pierce

Business Manager: Nancy O’Brien










Station
Name
Dial
Format
Website








WBAE-AM
1490 WBAE
1490 AM / 107.1 FM


                                                News/Talk                                            






                                            N/A                                          

                                              N/A                                            

                                              N/A                                            

                                                N/A                                            


WCLZ-FM
98.9 WCLZ
98.9 FM


                                                AAA                                            






Listen


View


View


View



WGAN-AM
Newsradio WGAN
560 AM / 105.5 FM


                                                News/Talk                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WMGX-FM
Coast 93.1
93.1 FM


                                                Hot AC                                            






Listen


View


View


View



WPOR-FM
WPOR 101.9
101.9 FM


                                                Country                                            






Listen


View


View


View



WYNZ-FM
Rewind 100.9
100.9 FM


                                                Classic Hits                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WZAN-AM
ESPN Portland
970 AM / 101.5 FM


                                                Sports                                            






                                            N/A                                          

                                              N/A                                            

                                              N/A                                            

                                                N/A                                            







1490 WBAE 






Station: 
                                                        WBAE-AM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        1490 AM / 107.1 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        News/Talk                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




98.9 WCLZ 






Station: 
                                                        WCLZ-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        98.9 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        AAA                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Newsradio WGAN 






Station: 
                                                        WGAN-AM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        560 AM / 105.5 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        News/Talk                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Coast 93.1 






Station: 
                                                        WMGX-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        93.1 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Hot AC                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




WPOR 101.9 






Station: 
                                                        WPOR-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        101.9 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Country                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Rewind 100.9 






Station: 
                                                        WYNZ-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        100.9 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Classic Hits                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




ESPN Portland 






Station: 
                                                        WZAN-AM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        970 AM / 101.5 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Sports                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View













							Spencer, IA









Spencer Radio Group
2600 Highway Boulevard , (712-262-1240)
P.O. Box 260									
									
									Spencer,
									
									IA									51301									
									

									(712-262-1240)										
										 | Website 




General Manager: Dave Putnam

Sales Manager: Stephanie Heide

Operations Manager: Kevin Tlam

Business Manager: Linda Maske










Station
Name
Dial
Format
Website








KICD-AM
KICD AM 1240
1240 AM / 98.3 FM


                                                News/Talk                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            


KICD-FM
BIG Country CD 107.7
107.7 FM


                                                Country                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            


KMRR-FM
More 104.9
104.9 FM


                                                AC                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


View


                                                N/A                                            







KICD AM 1240 






Station: 
                                                        KICD-AM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        1240 AM / 98.3 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        News/Talk                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




BIG Country CD 107.7 






Station: 
                                                        KICD-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        107.7 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Country                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




More 104.9 






Station: 
                                                        KMRR-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        104.9 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        AC                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View













							Springfield, IL








Capitol Radio Group
3501 East Sangamon Avenue									
																		
									
									Springfield,
									
									IL									62707									
									

									(217) 753-5400										
																		




General Manager: Charlie Ferguson

Sales Manager: Dave Marquis

Business Manager: Colleen Durako

Marketing/Promotions Director: Justin Lee










Station
Name
Dial
Format
Website








WDBR-FM
WDBR 103.7
103.7 FM


                                                CHR                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


View


View



WDBR-HD2
101.1 The Outlaw
101.1 FM


                                                Country                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WDBR-HD3
Pure Oldies 107.5
107.5 FM


                                                Oldies                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


                                              N/A                                            

                                                N/A                                            


WLFZ-FM
101.9 The Wolf
101.9 FM


                                                Country                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WQQL-FM
COOL 93.9
93.9 FM


                                                Classic Hits                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


                                              N/A                                            

                                                N/A                                            


WTAX-AM
Newsradio WTAX
1240 AM / 107.5 FM


                                                News/Talk                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WYMG-FM
100.5 WYMG
100.5 FM


                                                Classic Rock                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


View


                                                N/A                                            







WDBR 103.7 






Station: 
                                                        WDBR-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        103.7 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        CHR                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




101.1 The Outlaw 






Station: 
                                                        WDBR-HD2                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        101.1 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Country                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Pure Oldies 107.5 






Station: 
                                                        WDBR-HD3                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        107.5 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Oldies                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




101.9 The Wolf 






Station: 
                                                        WLFZ-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        101.9 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Country                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




COOL 93.9 






Station: 
                                                        WQQL-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        93.9 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Classic Hits                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




Newsradio WTAX 






Station: 
                                                        WTAX-AM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        1240 AM / 107.5 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        News/Talk                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




100.5 WYMG 






Station: 
                                                        WYMG-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        100.5 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Classic Rock                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View













							Springfield, MA








Springfield Rocks Radio Group									
																		
																		
									
									Longmeadow,
									
									MA									01028									
									

									(413) 525-4141										
																		




General Manager: Gary Zenobi

Sales Manager: Jay Schultz

Brand Manager: Lenny Diana

Business Manager: Luke Donahue

Promotions Director: Alex Byrne










Station
Name
Dial
Format
Website








WAQY-FM
Rock 102
102.1 FM


                                                Classic Rock                                            






Listen


View


View


View



WLZX-FM
LAZER 99.3
99.3 FM


                                                Active Rock                                            






Listen


View


View


View








Rock 102 






Station: 
                                                        WAQY-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        102.1 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Classic Rock                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




LAZER 99.3 






Station: 
                                                        WLZX-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        99.3 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Active Rock                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View














							Yankton, SD








Yankton Radio Group
1609 East Highway 50									
																		
									
									Yankton,
									
									SD									57078									
									

									(605) 665-7442										
																		




General Manager: Bill Holst

Sales Manager: Lee Kurtz

Operations Manager: Steve Crawford

Business Manager: Lea DeJean










Station
Name
Dial
Format
Website








WNAX-AM
WNAX
570 AM / 99.9 FM


                                                News/Talk                                            






Listen


View


View


                                                N/A                                            


WNAX-FM
104.1 The Wolf
104.1 FM


                                                Country                                            






                                            N/A                                          

View


View


                                                N/A                                            







WNAX 






Station: 
                                                        WNAX-AM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        570 AM / 99.9 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        News/Talk                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View




104.1 The Wolf 






Station: 
                                                        WNAX-FM                                                    

Dial: 
                                                        104.1 FM                                                    

Format: 
                                                        Country                                                    


Website: 



: 
Listen


: 
View


: 
View


: 
View
























